<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/26/2014,443,380,4,9,11>This place has even here for over 30 years and It has to be one of the best kept secrets in Las Vegas. It's our new Sunday place with friends or families. Been here three times and it's amazing every time. Definitely an amazing place and the only reason why it's not 5 is because I've gone twice and they've been so busy they were once out of country fried steak, and the second out of beef barley soup. But we did get samples which made us want it even more. From what I've had it's completely homemade deliciousness. The biscuits and gravy are mouthwatering. Rich and creamy. The burgers are made with lots of spices and you can taste the meat. Idk how to explain it but it's the rarest occurrence that I had only experienced once before. I'm not a big drink type f person but I love their sweet tea. It reminds me of mcdonalds sweet tea ad my husband loved their lemonade. I hate lemonade and it tasted surprisingly similar to raisin canes lemonade.Best part?! They are linked to a bar. Yep, have dinner and head to the bar. The waitress even said we could leave our car and we are close enough to walk home. The restaurant is warm an cozy, grandma style and the bar side is the crazy whiskey side. They also have a punch card which on the second visit gets you 10% off, the 4th visit is a free dessert ad the 6th is a 2 for 1 entree.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,11/25/2014,561,383,7,8,9>What makes Las Vegas Cyclery so awesome is the story of how it came about!! I have so much respect for the owners and their ability to make their dreams come alive. This store is large, in Summerlin, has easy access to Red Rock Canyon, and easy to find! Group rides take place on Wednesday mornings and if you don't have a bike and are swinging by the store for other reasons, the people here are really friendly. Something I've noticed is the number of employees they have! There is ALWAYS someone to help you out or answer any questions you may have. Superb service and my go to cycle store in Vegas!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,11/24/2014,74,180,6,10,11>My absolute new favorite place to go.  This is even better than Rachel's Kitchen (sorry - I still adore you).  Ingredients are clearly fresh and there is even a bit of love put into the sandwiches.Big thumbs up for the calorie counts and online ordering.I first thought this was a national chain as their branding and menu is spot on.  Wouldn't surprise me at all if Greens and Proteins takes over the world!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2014,11/23/2014,99,98,7,13,9>After a little neighborhood buzz on Facebook, I made it in here after a home showing. It was about 6:40 PM and I really thought they would be closed. To my delight, BOOM--open till 7. Chose a fresh fruit tart and a slice of chocolate cake to get this sweet little party started. Being the pig I am, I decided to scarf down a couple of bites of cake in the parking lot. It was very good. This is a dense cake with a full chocolate flavor, complete with generous chocolate slivers clinging onto the icing. As I'm looking around the overload of signage at the street, I see a teeny weeny little folding hand written sign that said cakes $10. Woah! I marched my butt right back in there and picked up an entire chocolate cake. Sooooo...fruit tart and chocolate cake...it's what's for dinner. The fruit tart was topped with fresh blueberries, strawberries, kiwi, and orange or tangerine--all comfortably resting on a fresh made whipped cream layer held together with a flakey airy almost crispy croissant like crust.  Delicious. This is a modest place, clearly opened on a wing and a prayer with a dream of earning a sweet slice of the American dream. It's a fine addition to the hood and I hope they do well.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,11/22/2014,76,51,8,9,9>We were excited to find something new on our side of town that wasn't a chain or fast food. We happened upon it one night while visiting algobertos tacos. The place was unfinished but we found a note on the inside of the door of when it was scheduled to open. We went back the day it was supposed to open but no luck. I checked couple days later but still no luck. I had a funny feeling today and swung by after picking up the little one at school. AT LAST!  It was open! I ran in to grab a to-go menu but unfortunately they hadn't had any printed yet, so I grabbed a business card and said I'd bring the man of the house back later. Ty was delighted when we pulled up to Presto. (shhh don't tell him, it was a secret) He had been dying to try it. He originally thought it would be a build your own type but the Calzones are pre-made. You have the option to eat it there or take and bake. We grabbed two hot ones to eat there ( Italian sausage combo and the pepperoni combo) and she was also gracious enough to offer a take and bake since the flavor I wanted was sold out( the pepperoni and mozzarella) . I couldn't resist trying all three desserts -  spicy zucchini bread, pumpkin cake with cream cheese icing and Apple crumble. She plans on doing desserts based on the season which is A-OK with me. The pepperoni combo was delish. Ingredients include pepperoni, cheese, mushroom, onion, bell pepper and a bit of sauce. The Calzone bread was soft and just the right amount of bread to toppings ratio. All three desserts were to die for. Tasted just like my mom or grandma would have made them. I even had Ty get me two zucchini loafs to go. :0She loves what she does and has many ideas for what she wants to do to keep it unique and delicious. I am looking forward to what the future has in store for Presto Calzone Bakery!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2014,11/21/2014,83,100,10,10,10>Talk about a time capsule!  Take a stroll through the quaint little town of Boulder and all the way up past the tiny main drag is the park of your black & white movie dreams.  If you are planning on going to the Hoover Dam I would recommend packing a picnic or grabbing some drive through and  enjoying the scenery here first.  Perfect for flying kites, playing stick-ball, tag-yer-it or any other activities that may be fun in Mayberry.  There is a small playground and a large hilly grass field with old park benches.  A huge generator cog is placed at the front and you can read some of the history of "Boulder Dam" on plaques placed around.  Just over the hill is a nice little peek of Lake Mead.  My favorite little free park in Nevada.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/20/2014,218,145,10,14,12>If Budweiser is the self proclaim king of beer, well Bad Beat Brewing is the new Badass Beer! Las Vegas is full of unique start ups that have gone gangbusters Rollin' Smoke, Art Of Flavors and now Bad Beat Brewing is the next big up and coming business that is a must.Located along Eastgate Rd in Henderson's new Booze District. It's a few doors down from Las Vegas Distillery and quite close to many of the major car yards.Walking in you'll find a great relaxed atmosphere with plenty of high top seating at the bar, tables and chairs for groups and a massive bean bag to kick back on while playing the first generation Nintendo. Darts and shuffleboard are also offered to challenge your mates.The Big surprise to this business is out the back, and the window to see where all the beer to made. This is awesome! A must see.Bad Beat has a great selection of beers that are bold and exciting to truly entertain your taste buds. I enjoyed a awesome flight that hadThe Daily Grind - Pale AleAce in the Hole - Basil Pale AleAnte Up - Amber AleHoppy Times - IPAGunshot - Dry Irish StoutI recommend joining the "High Rollers Club" with a custom growler to fill up and take home every time you swing by. Great service and great new beers Las Vegas can be proud of, every Yelper needs to get down to Bad Beat Brewing!!OverallDrink: 5-5Cleanliness: 5-5Service: 5-5Coming back: Oh yeah
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,11/19/2014,264,390,8,17,12>Eis is a welcome addition to the foodie growth areas in the Eastern and Silverado Ranch area! a. Family business - I really enjoy small family businesses and this one is no exception. The family from Northern California has started a fun and exciting little Ice Cream Shop selling all their favorite ice creams and other sugary delights.b.  Cronuts - I did not think I would enjoy what is a cross between a donut and a croissant, however, it was tasty and I would eat these over Krispy Kreme which is in the same strip mall.c.  The Ice Cream - Not sure what or who the manufacturer is, but they do drive the ice cream down from Northern California or have relatives / friends bring it to them.  So this is a real "import".  The ice cream was pretty good and I would come back for it. Nothing particularly mind blowing, but very good, creamy and I really love those flavors loaded with all the extra fixins and bits.d.  The Ambiance - Very eclectic.  Nicely decorated in a homey amateur way.  A few tables to sit, but oddly set up and not enough space.  If / when they get busy, there will not be enough tables for sure.e.  Get over there - Get on over to this place and try it out. It is fun, it is family, it is a good experience.  A very solid 3.75 stars rounded up to four for this review.GK says, check it out!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,11/18/2014,201,75,11,14,12>The atmosphere reminds of Firefy- dimly lit, loud music, and close seating. It was hard to have a conversation in such close quarters, but the live band kept us entertained and we shortly got our entrees after.Drunken noodles: pick your choice of meat and spice. We got chicken in medium spice. There were plenty of bell peppers, chicken, and tomatoes...but where's the noodles? I was a little disappointed for not having enough noodles. But it was flavorful and had a perfect amount of spice and plenty of leftover meat and veggies after the noodles were gone! Thai chicken: when the server brought it out, he poured some liquid over it to make it sizzzzle! Talk about dinner and show! And it came with two dipping sauces, one was a sweet chili sauce and the other had a spicy/fish sauce/lime taste to it. The chicken was juicy and tasty by itself! But the sauces did elevate the flavors and give it that Thai twist! Spring rolls: I didn't realize they weren't the fresh kind. It was the fried egg rolls filled with noodles and vegetables. It also came with a delicious dipping sauce that was different from the sweet chili sauce given to us with the chicken. It was my favorite of the three sauces we got! They also cut the spring rolls in half, but they're as big as normal sized eggs rolls. I love how they're open late and not too far from the strip. Great place to grab food after work. And I did see a beer tower advertised for $18 all day! A lot of people ordered pad thai and fried rice when I went, so I'm gonna go back and give that a try!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,11/17/2014,2581,216,6,13,16>The long awaited DT Summerlin is finally here! Some of my all time favorite shops include Sephora, BCBG Max Azria, Sur La Table, Lush, Lululemon and Ethan Allen! The decor is absolutely stunning, has a very California-like atmosphere. There are a few beautiful scenic areas as well that have waterfalls, Painted Wings for photo opps, and beautiful hand laid brick. The restaurant row is nothing short of breath taking as well. Some of the resteraunts include Wolf Gang Puck Bar and Grill (opening at the end of October) Crave, California Pizza Kitchen, Andiron Steak and Sea (Same owners as Honey Salt and Made LV) Grape Street, and Earl of Sandwich. Downtown Summerlin is truly the new Summerlin hotspot. I really believe this has brought so much to our community and will continue to grow. I havent been to the movie theaters yet but ive heard they're amazing, Luxury type of theaters!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/16/2014,265,381,11,18,10>I quite like this place - unexpectedly. A few people I know weren't really fans but after a couple visits, I think I'm a fan. Here's why:- Their drink specialty seems to be brewed tea, combined with some form of milk and other subtle flavors. So far nothing I've tried has been over-the-top. Always subtle. The oolong, for example, gives a great aftertaste of oolong tea even though you might taste a sort of milk tea initially.- Sweetness options are upfront and preset - meaning no percentage guesswork. You just say a term and they know what it means already.- Customer service exists... and it's good! I was checked on a couple times each visit to make sure my drink was to my liking.. or they'd remake it for free until I did. This is unheard of for boba in Chinatown.- Their boba has been perfect. Smooth on the outside, chewy to an exact consistency that I like. It's also honey-sweetened.- I think nearly all their options are dairy-free, meaning no lactose! I like this.- It's clean, and looks nice inside.The only thing I didn't like was the taro drink. It wasn't the flavor I expected. I think most, including myself, are used to that artificial and intense sweet taro flavor and that's not what they serve.Anyway, I think this is my favorite spot for tea-based drinks. They key here is subtle flavors and I really appreciate that. I'm going to keep trying something new every visit and keep this review updated!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,11/15/2014,266,85,10,13,13>For those not in the know, I'm a bit of a taco lover, so of course taco taco is a place I found myself attracted to. The setup is pretty straightforward, there's the taco lines, depending in what meat you want, and then there's the side where you order grande tacos, burritos and quesadillas. Ive never been tempted to try the burritos here, but I have gone thru the entire meat spectrum  their strong points are suadero and al pastor, and I felt their cabeza was a bit lacking. Their carnitas was a very welcome surprise due to the fact that there are a lot of places that don't do it right.   The dining room is pretty spacious if you're choosing to eat in, they have a TV. It's nothing special but it's great if you have a nice group of friends and you guys are just hanging out. Overall it's a nice taco shop with good food and atmosphere
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,11/14/2014,239,125,19,20,19>Mama Gump had the right idea when she said, "Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." What would've been more helpful advice though, is what to do when your Fido EATS the box of chocolates. YES. I came home one night to find my dog curled up in bed after having YOLO'ed way too hard over an entire box. As in, more than one piece. So what's a concerned pet owner to do? 1. Panic. 2. Google "Fatality rates for dogs after eating chocolate." 3. Call a friend. When he says this has never happened to his dog, panic more.4. Consult Yelp for a 24-hour vet.5. Drive like a maniac. I called ahead to see if I could get a ballpark on the service, but without seeing my canine, it was pretty up in the air. The vet was quick to explain the what they had done - induce vomiting, give him painkillers, etc., then walk me through what to expect during recovery, leaving me much more at ease. More than $100+ later, I learned my lesson that my pet sure loves instant gratification. I'm pretty sure he learned his too - THE MORNING AFTER SUCKS LIKE A MOFO.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/13/2014,1742,366,15,22,18>I am spoiled now and will probably only view future movies at a Galaxy Theater. I don't live close to either one however I find the trek is worth it. The standard ticket cost $11 which is about the same as anywhere else. I usually go to see movies at The Palms which is $10.50 so no big deal. Unless you go to The Palms on a Monday when it is $5, anyhow lol. I love the assigned seating, I love the big spacious comfy lazyboy like reclining seats. I mean I was literally like laying down watching the movie! They have big trays where you can put your stuff as well.The staff is cool, the Theatre is very clean and the sound is Amazing as well.It was a fun experience and I will be back for sure!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/12/2014,282,125,7,18,15>First off - LOVE Lily!!She is super sweet, very helpful and an awesome tattoo artist!I like the staff here. Mainly because they all seem to get along and joke around a lot. That always makes me feel comfortable. You're uncomfortable enough as it is when you're having your body needled up. This place is clean and the decor is pretty sweet. I called to make an appointment with Lily after seeing her portfolio on Instagram. I emailed her what I wanted and she was ready when I got there. I've had a hard time with people wanting to do my tattoo in all red. Some artists just don't like it because it doesn't always turn out as well - this is what I've been told. Lily said "no problem" and completed the job better than I even anticipated. They have very reasonable pricing and they're fairly easy to get into. I would recommend really knowing what you want before you go in and schedule an appt. They seem to get a lot of walk ins due to being so close to the strip. I'm glad I finally found a good tattoo parlor in town. It's hard to find good artists that are friendly. I got an all red lotus - representing my recent spiritual journey. I am more than pleased with the final product!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,11/11/2014,693,1125,8,14,13>Most people know about Jojos from Farmers Markets or events. Same goes for me as I discovered them during a Yelp Christmas event. Recently they opened up a storefront in the Container Park (which has a separate listing) that is gaining them new fans. This location in Chinatown is their main office hub where the jerky is made, but they do sell their products here as well. It was right by work, so we decided to swing by once we found out it existed. The one downside is there isn't samples to try of the jerky before buying at this location. I assume they don't get that many people at this location and mainly is just their office. We decided to get wasabi flavor jerky, peppered strips, carloca carne asada jerky, and their jerk spice dry rub. The Carne asada and dry rub we threw into a gift for someone so I can't comment on that, but the other two were for us. The wasabi flavor was nice, but it was a tad salty for me. Their jerky isn't the thin sheet style, but more like chunks or nuggets which is tender and a bit more moist.The strips is pounded out meat that's formed into shape which is normally not my thing as most of them just taste fake and low quality, but I like their quality. I think I may like it better than the chunk jerky even.Support your locals! This is definitely better than average product and it really doesn't cost more than store brand jerky that is levels below in quality.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2014,11/10/2014,238,101,13,17,16>My husband and I have been here several times already and like this place. We have always been greeted promptly at the door & seated quickly. We have had Kaitlin several times as our server and has always been on top of things. The food has been pretty good too! This last time we ordered and shared a house salad, the blackened chicken quesadilla and the venison chili burger. The favorites for me were the fresh & crisp house salad and the quesadilla. The venison burger was good but I wasn't a fan of the chili on top of it. In the past we've had the meaty wings, the Philly cheesesteak, Poblano Chicken as entrees. We've also had a large group here where we passed appetizers. The fried pickles, pork sliders & mozzarella sticks were all a big hit.  One of these times I'm going to get Mom's Pot Roast. The smell alone makes your mouth water. As far as beverages, you can go wrong with a frozen mug of beer. My personal favorite is the Knotty Brunette. A great amber beer which you can get lady or man size. Being this location has had the hardest time keeping occupants I'm glad to see something here that will stay for quite some time.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/9/2014,1421,143,11,21,22>My whole family comes to Dr. Tran and I recently had the pleasure of seeing her myself. The location is perfectly convenient and seeing all the 5 star reviews from reputable Yelpers is a plus!Dr. Tran's office certainly earns a 5 star review. They are open late until 7pm some nights which is great for people with regular work schedules. They have a large selection of frames and their contact lense pricing is better than Costco. The staff is friendly and very accomodating. I had the pleasure of chatting with Tom, who was a delight and offered me the best deal on my contacts.Dr. Tran is very knowledgeable and thorough in her exam. She was helpful in answering my questions and concerns;  she even gave me good info on a future laser correction procedure that I'm still getting up the nerve to do (being awake and coherent while looking into a laser beam is not the easiest concept for me to embrace yet). What's great about Dr. Tran is that she also looks ahead to offer you the best solution that takes into consideration factors like your age, your habits and lifestyle. For example, she recommended I under correct one eye so that it doesn't impede on my close up vision possibly reducing future dependancy on reading glasses. I will continue to see Dr. Tran and entrust her to be my co-doctor once I'm ready for Lasik.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,11/8/2014,396,129,7,8,10>I was craving tamales and found this place on a Yelp notification highlighting local Mexican restaurants with a great tamales selection.  Something in the highlight made this restaurant stand out.Viva is located in a strip mall, which I will warn is towards the back corner.  We came in the wrong side of the complex and had to drive around to find it.  From the outside it looks like a fast food place, and I was quick to become reserved about my choice.  The owner greeted us when we walked in.  He actually took the menus from the hostess and seated us himself, which I thought set an excellent tone for our dining experience.  We were immediately asked for a drink selection and the margaritas (@ $7.95 a piece) were recommended.  We chose the strawberry and regular margaritas.  The strawberry was good, the regular margarita was not...don't recommend anyone try it.  :/The inside of the restaurant doesn't match the outside at all...so don't be judgmental!  The decor is beautiful.  There is a running water feature and traditional Mexican music in the background.The menu is extensive.  If you are craving it, they probably have it.  There is a whole page of drink options, appetizers and multiple pages of entrees.  I was disappointed in their tamales selection...there was only one and it was on their "make your own combo".  They offer a brunch menu on the weekends only.  It had a nice variety and included a small mimosa or margarita.  The back page of their menu book listed all their homemade salsas.  They offer a sampling of each for a small amount, I think it was like $2.95.  They bring chips, bean dip and salsa when you are seated.  The chips were standard quality, but fresh and crispy.  The salsa had small pieces of onion, cilantro and pepper in it.  Again not the best I've had, but it was flavorful.  The best part was the plate of grilled jalapeño peppers and onions.  They were AWESOME!  Their Fideo soup was good, but not the most flavorful I have had.  The carne asada quesadilla was very flavorful and large enough for 2 people.  It didn't come with any sides, just a dollop of sour cream and guacamole.   In summary, not a bad place at all.  I would have preferred to give 3.5 stars.  The service was good, the food was good and the atmosphere very nice.  The prices were pretty high.  Most entrees were $15.95 and up.  For the size of the margaritas I thought $7.95 was a bit much.  So just a heads up that this is a more pricer place to eat.  I heard the owner previously had the Viva location on Rainbow, which closed, so I hope this reincarnated location is more successful.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,11/7/2014,141,253,7,15,9>Even though the serve yourself bar tap system no longer works, The Bacon Bar was still an awesome experience.The fiancé loved her Bloody Mary drink but didnt like that her piece of bacon got soggy (pull it out and eat it first I guess) and since the self serve system wasn't working I stuck with Guinness. On two occasions I had an empty mug for 10 to 15 minutes before I gave up and asked for a water and then the tab.That was the bad. So let me tell you about the 60/40 bacon burger. Its ambrosia. Plain and simple its the best damn burger I've ever had. Perfectly seasoned meat. The caramelized onion mix was divine and whatever the sauce was could be sold like crack on the corner. If this was on my side of town I'd eat here once a week.We also split a house salad. It was mostly ham and cheese but the lettuce and other vegetables were fresh and flavorful. Our friends joined us late. One works at a bar and couldn't get over the sheer magnitude of the bar. Its HUGE. If you have a large party they will be able to accommodate it. Don't know about the service since my beer sat empty twice but for another taste of that 60/40 burger I'd put up with an empty beer mug for a little while.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2014,11/6/2014,286,188,9,12,11>Ever since my discovery of this place, it has helped me to enjoy being in Vegas more. It's so refreshing to know that a place like this exists in the desert. To me, it's almost the equivalence of man's modern and miraculous achievement! As a non profit orchard, Gilcrease has seasonable vegetable crops as well as various types of fruit trees. All throughout this summer, I've enjoyed eating, picking and purchasing apples, peaches, nectarines, baby kale leaves, zucchinis, squash, Armenian cucumbers and a few other bonus trees around the orchards that you don't really have to pay for. I am somewhat ashamed to tell you that I've eaten so many of those figs off  of the two fig trees at a corner of the orchard, so much that my boyfriend had to offer the cashier extra dollars for my excessive fruit eating directly off the trees. Oh and I am not even going to mention the berries on that boysenberry tree near the entrance. Those are my little Gilcrease Orchard secrets but I'm nice so I'm sharing this to you guys.Aside from the fruit, my boyfriend and I love to take strolls among rows and rows of fruit trees and vegetable patches. It's wonderful to walk around this place, with the breath-taking mountain backdrop and the vast and beautiful blue sky.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,11/5/2014,482,363,11,15,14>The restaurant is gorgeous: red brick, floor-to-ceiling windows, mason jar chandeliers, wooden barrels, and local artist paintings. It's elegant and modern, yet casual. You can have a nice dinner or a casual lunch. I also love sitting at the bar with the very friendly bartenders! Oh, and the food is delicious!Kansas City Style Burnt Ends ($10.95): Beef brisket point, maple bark, 'cue #1, Pullman loaf, Nevada Brining Company pickles. Apparently I'm late to the delicious game that is burnt ends, but now that I've had them, I'm not letting them out of my sight! I've had this dish twice and oh my gosh, it is GOOOOD. I mean, REALLY GOOD. Highly recommended!Crispy Fried Chicken Wings ($9.95): The wings have a great batter that is truly crispy and very flavorful and the chicken was moist. They're served with celery and carrot ribbons and spicy ranch. All very yummy. I really didn't expect to like this dish so much, but it's one of the better wings I've had.Devil'd Eggs ($5.95): Gherkins, Dijon mustard, topped with chicken skin cracklings. I love deviled eggs and these are great. I love the flavor of their yolk mixture and the crispy cracklings lend a nice texture against the creaminess. Another fantastic choice for shared bites or bar food.Fried Green Tomato Salad ($12.95): Red onion, country ham, goat cheese, lemon caper and olive oil dressing. The green tomatoes had a nice texture (it wasn't mushy, which would've been disastrous). The batter was fantastic and held up with the dressing. All the ingredients worked really well together - the crunchy and aromatic onion, a little saltiness from the ham (thinly sliced like prosciutto), and the tart goat cheese.Dry Rubbed Spareribs: Slow-smoked with a dry rub; finished on the grill. Delicious. I absolutely love the smoky sweet flavor of the meat. Serious yum.Mopped Baby Back Ribs: Slow-smoked pork baby back ribs; mopped with 'cue #2. I usually go for spareribs, but the barbecue sauce on this one made me a fan. Oh, and it was tender. I still like dry rubs on meat better, but this sauced rib is just as delicious.Louisiana Hot Links: Nice snap and unique flavor. It's also not too spicy. Overall, good sausage.Chili of All Chilis ($13.95): Ground beef, smoked pork, smoked beef brisket, red beans; served on corn cake. I'm pretty picky about chili and I can't even tell you anywhere I actually enjoy it...until now! The smoked meats really add to this dish and I love that the chili isn't too sweet (that drives me crazy). Also, the corn cake is so, so good!Fries with Alabama White Sauce ($4.95): I know, they're "just fries," but I truly LOVE these fries. They're delicious and that sauce is addicting! I wouldn't mind hanging out at the bar and munching on these all day.Sides: Macaroni and Cheese, Hoppin John, and Collard Greens in Pot Liquor are all solid choices and really delicious. I don't normally endorse "mac n' cheese," but I like theirs; it's not too heavy and it has a nice balance of flavors. The Hoppin John is their version of a dirty rice or rice and beans and I really enjoyed it. Another dish that I could just keep eating. To round it off, collard greens - just yum. I love that it wasn't just a pile of green goo; it was distinguishable pieces of collard greens that still had bite, but deliciously soaked in pot liquor.At their grand opening event, I tried the Boiled Peanut Hummus (fantastic and so fresh; tasted just like hummus I make at home!), Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich (yummy; tender meat), Southern Style Chicken Sandwich (SO good! I'm definitely ordering this during lunch!), Fried Pumpkin Pie (light, flaky pastry with creamy pumpkin filling - yum! It was also not too sweet!), and Chocolate Peanut Butter Cluster (creamy PB center of chocolate with nuts; good stuff). Their cocktails are fantastic! My favorites: Apple Mint Julep (J.P. Wiser's Rye Whiskey, mint, mint simple syrup, apple juice) and Cucumber Corpse (Prairie Cucumber Vodka, Grande Absente Absinthe, St. Germain Elderflower, cucumber, lemonade).
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/4/2014,235,106,20,21,21>How does one start their Centennial revue? Which venue does one choose to mark the occasion? How many other factors can possible come together to make this the hardest revue of my Yelp career?...and will I ever be able to regain my sanity?I am told that a great work of art is never truly finished, that the work never ends. After just one visit to Soho Japanese Restaurant, I now understand what that means.Clearly the great Yelpers of Las Vegas have collectively cried out the praises of this understated little gem in the southwest valley. Not only does it rank top among sushi restaurants in Las Vegas, it ranks tops among ALL restaurants in Las Vegas. That little tidbit has to be making some of this town's "legendary" chefs red in the face. Someone should tell those people at Michelin they are dinosaurs - no wait, never-mind, let them figure it out.You see when it comes down to it, it's quite simple - if you do something great, people will notice. And it's clear, Soho does great better than anyone in Vegas.The first thing you notice when you walk into Soho is that no world renowned restaurant decor consultancy group was brought in to "class the place up", like they do in most 5 star restaurants. Soho is a simple, friendly, comfortable and welcoming environment - a 5 star restaurant that won't make you feel like you're not good enough to be there (what a concept.)The staff are regular people, just like you and me. But management is obviously treating these people with a little respect because it's quite clear they all love working there - it shows in absolutely everything they do. Imagine great service at a 5 star restaurant from friendly people who don't look down their nose at you (are you guys starting to see a trend here?)But you really don't appreciate how good you have it until the food arrives. It's easy to get so comfortable here that you can forget you are about to partake in one amazing meal. All that changes once you take the first bite. For us it was the Uni Trio - just Wow! (Thank you sir, may I please have another.)I know what you're thinking, what does a boy who grew up in Fargo, North Dakota know about sushi? Wouldn't he be dead last on the list of people you should trust on the subject? (Hey Buddy, you forgot to cook this!) Fair enough.The truth is, you're just going to have to decide for yourself. No amount of banter from me is going to change your mind,so I'll leave that up to the marvelous people at Soho, they are better suited to the task. Whew! One hundred down, and ready for round two. Go Yelp!
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/3/2014,156,125,9,9,8>Oh Tacos El Gordo. Really sucks that you're located on Las Vegas Blvd where every tourist and their mom wants to try your delicious tacos. And it also sucks that you have bad air circulation, barely any AC, and barely any place to park. However, your tacos are the boooommbbb diggity and this is why you deserve all the stars. Nothing about the food needs to be changed... the adobada, lengua, and tripa tacos are all seasoned perfectly and melt-in-you-mouth and I would recommend them to anyone. What you do need to change is the ordering process. Long lines with bad air circulation and sweaty people do not make for happy customers such as myself. Thus, because of this I will not be coming back.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,11/2/2014,326,294,7,11,12>This is my go-to Date location in Las Vegas. I think its the perfect first-date spot on the strip because of thr Tapas style dining. What could a better ice breaker be than talking about which food items you would like to share?Def order:Bacon Wrapped datesSangria Sliders FiletRequest:A table on the Patio. The view is simply amazing! The only downside is that it is slightly pricey. I haven't had a bill less than $150 after drinks/apps. The drinks in particular are super what adds up quickly. They are so tasty that you want to order them again and agian!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,11/1/2014,178,143,10,20,13>I found this place on Yelp when my husband and I were in the area for his job. I'm a total sucker for anything vintage so this place seemed right up my alley.As for the staff and the service I would give a total 5 stars for that. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. She showed us the specials and never let our drinks get empty. I also would give the decor a 5 star. It's filled with old record albums from the 60's and posters from that era as well. If you visit the restroom don't let Elvis scare you! They also have a ton of board and card games you can play while you wait. How could you not like that?Now the food. I ordered a turkey and avocado sandwich that came on a buttery croissant. On the side I had their fresh made potato chips and coleslaw. I really liked the coleslaw! I'm very picky when it comes to this dish, but their version was yummy! (And was made with mayo! Yay!) I just wish I got a slightly bigger serving then a little tiny to go cup. The chips were huge, crisp and very tasty. The sandwich was good to, but just average. My husband ordered the "Rambo" Burger. It had a combo of chesses, bbq pulled pork and an onion ring. Which sounded delicious, but lacked flavor. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I'm going to have to go with a 4. The staff, service and decor are amazing, but I just was not that impressed with the food. I'm totally willing to go back and try it again. Hopefully I can update this review and give them the 5 stars I really hoped I could give them. Keep on going Rambo's Kitchen!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2014,10/31/2014,201,124,6,12,10>Check if it's open first because the hours vary. Unless the weather is good be ready to eat in the car or take home. I'm a big fan so I've been several times. I probably would have tried more if I didn't keep getting the ruben. Here's what I've had:Ruben- This is the best sandwich here. I prefer rye bread. Expect savory corned beef with swiss and kraut oozing inbetween. You should feel guilty eating this. And don't eat this with another sandwich. Get two rubens if you have to.PB&J- I don't think they have this anymore, but it's a simple sandwich I think about a lot. It had spicy jelly, peanut butter, and bacon. So good.Chicken- Good sandwich, but don't eat it side by side with the ruben. It will make you think it's not that good even though it's messy and yummy. I mean it has chicken skin in it.BLT&G- thick bacon and grits patty. Also good if you don't eat it side by side with the ruben. Fried Egg- I was disappointed with this one, kinda dry. To make it better get other stuff in it.Cold Brew Coffee- Wasn't that strong, in fact it was watery and only bitter notes came through.I suggest calling in your order or coming when the weather is nice. Make sure you have plenty of napkins. I'm usually full from one sandwich, no side. Also the men that run this shack are easy to talk to.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/30/2014,106,129,9,14,9>Review is a little more towards 4.5 stars for me~Items sampled were 30 Hour Sous Vide Berkshire Pork Belly, Black Bean Sauce Noodle, Beef Tataki, Chicken Pottage, and Spicy Chicken Thigh, in that order.Moko is the newest take on Modern Asian Fusion, though in this case it is a twist on Korean food. I haven't sampled much fusion Korean, but this first foray had some excellent flavors and the execution of each dish was spot on.My personal favorite was the Pork Belly - it was tender, but the fat from the pork belly was not too powerful like in some variations. While the portion is quite small for a 13 dollar price point, the tastes are top notch. In my How Korean Is It scale (HKII), I'd say it was a 5/10. Bonus points for the little roasted veggies and the underlying mung bean crepe. This could be served at any high-end restaurant, as far as I'm concerned.The Black Bean Noodle was another excellent tasting dish, though this one was more in line with its roots. I'd say it's like an HKII 8/10. I was slurping up all the sauce afterwards too. This one is a little heartier than some of the meat-only dishes.Next followed the Beef Tataki which had some very tender and moist slices of high quality meat. This one wasn't particularly memorable to me for some reason, but everything about it tasted great and the presentation was good too. HKII 6/10.The Chicken Thigh was probably where I had the most to be picky about - Don't get me wrong, it's an excellent piece of chicken thigh, cooked to be moist and tender and the sauce is quite tasty. It just lacked some substance - maybe a breading or if it was served with a tiny bit of starch or veggies even. The sauce puts this at HKII 4/10.I enjoyed the Chicken Pottage quite a bit - it was the heartiest and most filling dish of the evening and had some very good flavor to it. Even for a porridge, it looked impressive to me visually. I don't remember the last time I had Samgyetang so I can't really judge on How Korean It Is... But my guess would have been like a 6/10. I would definitely tell a person going here not to expect traditional Korean food but a modern take on fusion. I'm looking forward to trying out some more of the flavors here as a lot of them were nuanced and complex, compared to your typical Korean dishes.While I felt my meal was very satisfying to my taste buds, I did feel like I wanted more - now given I was sharing with two other people we could have certainly tried some more but we decided to save it for the next trip. If there was one thing I could suggest for the menu, I'd like some more heartier options (almost like a filler!) Moko is a Tapas bar, and Tapas often means you always have the option of paella and such, so having like a shared bowl of "modern" bibimbap or something might be a fun twist on that idea.Price adds up here, but not so much more than a typical tapas place with a very high quality. I felt the effort put into each dish, and the plating pictures on the Yelp are not dolled up at all. Big props to the chef for that and I hope the quality remains!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,10/29/2014,145,143,11,13,9>My friend and I decided on a night of lusty looks and gnawing on meat as we took in Echo & Rig for dinner before heading over to the Suncoast to see the new Scarlett Johansson feature "Under the Skin"   While waiting for my friend I took a seat at the bar where I was pleasantly surprised to find that they offered the full menu.   Since we were on a limited amount of time (heaven forbid I miss any minutes of ScarJo action) I decided our best bet was to just eat there, and it also allowed us to partake in the final moments of happy hour.   Unfortunately and probably due to a mixture of too much Jack Daniels and just the right amount of ScarJo intake during the evening I don't recall our bartender's name. But he was friendly, engaging, and got our refills and food orders put in with perfect timing.   I heard him make some recommendations on food items to some other patrons, but I didn't need those as I'm a Yelper who does his research and generally knows what he wants to order before ever sitting down at a restaurant.Here's what we went with (everything was shared)1.  Fried Spinach Salad:   This reminded me so much of one of my favorite eats ever, Toro with Crispy Spinach from Izakaya by Katsuya in Los Angeles.  The spinach is melt in your mouth with a great flavor.   A must order2.  Salt and Pepper Fries:  I would have normally gone with the Yelp favorite Portobello fries, but I thought my dining companion would enjoy these more based on her tastes.  Perfectly cooked, but perhaps not enough pepper to really stand out as anything other than a batch of decent salted french fries you can get all over town3.  Brussel Sprouts:  The Yonaka effect.  Ever since Yonaka's version anytime I see these on any menu I want to try them.   These were tasty.   Perfectly grilled with lemon and pistachios.   4.  Then came the star of the show, the Filet Mignon which is billed as "Double R Ranch Sustainable Beef".   It came with a Green Peppercorn sauce on the side which we chose, but honestly it might as well not have come with that at all.   We both took a bite of the meat with the sauce and enjoyed it, but then ate the rest of it without ever putting anymore sauce on it.   I tend to think beef stands on it's own and only needs the slightest of seasoning to make it perfect, and this was a shining example of that.   All in all our bill came out to roughly $80 and was worth every penny.   Now I anxiously await a new Mila Kunis or Natalie Portman feature to be exclusively playing at the Suncoast so I can do it all over again.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/28/2014,390,337,10,16,15>Look, I'm Texan.  I've grown up around barbecue.  And I've found that the West Coast didn't have much in the way of barbecue when I was living in SoCal (correct me if I'm wrong, I take suggestions).  And while I like Lucille's here, that's more Cajun than the stuff I grew up with.On a whim, we found this place.  It's in the middle of nowhere, in an area you probably wouldn't venture to, in a tiny shopping center that you wouldn't notice.  But you'll notice that smell when you step out of the car.  And I mean BAM!Once that scent hit my nose, I had to know more.  Also, not Texas based, I will graciously concede that Arkansas knows their stuff, and this place knows their stuff.The staff is nice, and one look at them told me these people weren't anything but legit.  I liked the cook immediately.  We ordered a rib combo plate, and let the dining begin.It was so good.  Nice and spicy, meat falling off the bone, a big squirt bottle of sauce on the table, I ate and ate and ate, and then I got kind of woozy, and asked for a "to go".  I moaned all the way home.  Partly because I was full, yes, but partly because this place hit the sweet spot of barbecue goodness.  I went for my leftovers, and shredded bones like a barbarian.I regret nothing.Will I go back?  Absolutely.  Small, subtle, out of the way, but so worth it when it came to dining options, friendly people, fast service, and quality of food.They have something called a "BBQ Sundae".  That sounds intriguing, and I wish to know more.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,10/27/2014,274,498,10,13,11>Bumping my previous review rating to 5-Stars.Breakfast can be eaten at anytime of the day at MTO. My colleague and I dropped in here on a not-so-busy lunch day and shared orders of the MTO Breakfast and Lemon Poppy Seed Pancakes.MTO Breakfast: This three eggs prepped any style, mashbrowns, and your choice of meats and breads. When we saw Spam as an option, we requested they just make our order all spam with a side of scrambled eggs and sourdough bread. Personally, this would've tasted bomb with rice (can't help it, I'm Asian), but it was still tasty. Lemon Poppy Seed Pancakes: Three pancakes with blueberry-ginger compote, which it could've used more of; however, that's a minor complaint. Overall, these flapjacks were perfectly fluffy and delish!Service: Accommodating, attentive, and upbeat. Overall: MTO's the spot to have breakfast for lunch on this side of town.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,10/26/2014,62,360,10,16,13>***** Locals Discount: 2 tickets for $99 *****This was a really fun show! Dubbed "The Sensual Side of Cirque", this show seems ideal for couples to enjoy together. As many others have stated, the show  is not for the easily offended. We, however, had a great time! There was comedy, outstanding acrobatic stunts, and an abundance of (hilarious) crowd interaction!There was so much to take in and enjoy. So, without giving away too much, here are some of the things I took away from the show...- You will see a good amount of nudity. - The language and joking is a bit raunchy....but fun. lol Actually I thought "Absinthe" was much raunchier content wise. So, if you can handle that, this should be a cake walk- there is a buff midget in the show that tripped me the hell out-if seeing 2 dudes lip lock bothers you, don't go - you will see some barely dressed big girls- the girls in the fishbowl were great!- the contortionist was freaky and the crowd got kind of quiet for that lol- also got pretty quiet when the two guys kept lip locking- the orgy scene at the end was hilarious!A few of the scenes seemed to drag a bit, such as the girl/recorded orgasm bit and the bondage scenes didn't do much for me either. Maybe that's all so much personal taste though.I thought the drag queen emcee was outstanding! She kept the show going, had the crowd engaged, and kept the jokes and innuendo coming! This is definitely worth checking out! You won't see as many breath taking acrobatic moments than you would at, say, Ka or Mystere...but it is a fun show to enjoy with your significant other.4 solid stars!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,10/25/2014,329,268,4,9,8>Love antiquing!! Especially when every vendor takes pride in their booth.  I come here several times a year and always enjoyed myself, but on this particular time I noticed a difference.  All the booths seemed to be extra clean.  Maybe they had just dusted but I hope this is the new norm around here as I found myself wanting to really take my time browsing.  Thank goodness my husband likes antiquing as much as I do!  Normally you will find some of the owners around which is great since this is also a great way to get briefed on some history. On this trip I got caught browsing through a book dedicated to the world of burlesque by none other than a lady who was featured in the book performing in one of the first burlesque venues in Los Angeles, CA. WOW! She joked with me saying that I must now think she is not such a sweet innocent old lady after all! I especially like collecting vintage hats and vintage memorabilia but am not limited to just enjoy transporting back 50-100+ years with all their timeworn spice containers, furniture, clothing, phones, record players, porcelain, jewelry, toys and so much more.  I even found a 1950's Gucci purse for $30. Its always something here as there is so much history to stumble upon!   It's always a unique experience and that's what keeps me coming back here time after time.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,10/24/2014,376,187,12,17,17>Mangoes are in season...right?!The moment they are, my boyfriend & I immediately think of Naga's mango & sticky rice dessert. If you haven't tried it, you aren't missing much. That's a lie, you'll be missing the focal point of this whole review! Don't read any more till you've tried it. Wait. Finish reading, then head over there. You need to know what to have before dessert.What have we tried? A little bit of everything...Salad RollsChicken SatayCrab Rangoons (fresh crab)Moo Ping w/ Sticky RiceTom Yum soupPapaya SaladCatfish DynamiteLemongrass ChickenPad ThaiEvil Jungle NoodlesThai Fried RiceYellow CurryBasil Stir-FryPra RamAnd of course... Mango & Sticky Rice for dessert. Yes, you say you've had it at many Thai restaurants. Naga does an AMAZING job, as they do with all their dishes. We've never sent anything back, their food presentation is gorgeous, and so tasty. A special note about their peanut sauce, try it. You won't regret it...Located in a strip mall off W Horizon Ridge Pkwy & W Horizon Dr close to the 95, there's lots of eateries close by. They offer lunch specials Tuesday-Saturday from $7.75, served with house salad and soup. You ever thought corn soup made at a Thai place would be delicious? It is, and I'm not even a soup person!We've eaten there numerous times (as you can tell by my long list of food I've tried) and called in phone orders to-go. The staff is VERY friendly! At one lunch w/ Terri R, they were willing to place an order to arrive promptly as she sat down, so we didn't have to waste her short lunch hour ordering and waiting.I have noticed is at times, the food does take a bit long to come out. Usually, I'd deduct a star for this, as I'm one to get very grouchy waiting for food when I'm hungry. However, the quality of food I taste and the good service otherwise makes me forgive the wait. Let's just say it's a 4.5 rounded up to 5 stars. I still always look forward to my next visit.P.S. Their spice level is 1-4, interestingly. I don't know why, and I always forget to ask. They're also very vegetarian-friendly!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,10/23/2014,342,580,11,12,10>I hadn't been to Carnegie Deli in a decade.  But after attending the awesome Yelp Night @ Terry Fator and seeing the Terry Fator Show, dining here seemed a great idea.  So Diane and I headed over, and I braced myself for Matzoh Ball Soup and a gigantic corned beef or pastrami sandwich.  To my surprise, by ordering a Woody Allen I could have both.  The name of the sandwich almost deterred me from ordering it, because I am definitely not a fan of Woody Allen.  But in the end I relented and ordered it along with a bowl of Chicken Broth with Matzoh Balls.  After I had devoured all four juicy complimentary pickles, and getting more, the soup arrived.  Two very large Matzoh Balls arrived in a large bowl along with chicken broth contained in a shiny silver metal container.  After I poured out the broth and filled the bowl, there was still broth left over.  So the portion was quite generous.  Diane ordered noodles to go with one Matzoh Ball, which I sampled, and they were thin and went well with the lightly seasoned chicken broth and really good, light and fluffy Matzoh Balls.  We also shared an order of French Fries, which arrived quite hot and filled an entire platter.But the piece de resistance was my sandwich.  It is actually larger than the standard sandwiches on the menu, which already are enormous, and cost just under $20.00.  It was g-normous (whatever is larger than enormous), and after taking one look at it, I knew I would be taking a full half of the sandwich home.  And that is exactly what occurred.  It is definitely one of the best sandwiches I have consumed: half corned beef intermixed with pastrami, all moist and warm, likely hefting at least 1 lb. of meat per half, on supple Jewish Rye (see pics).  And, it was just excellent!  After removing the toothpicks holding everything together, I managed to eat some bites normal sandwich style before resorting to knife and fork.  And, I really had to push myself to finish a complete half.  But at length I did.Service was very good and efficient.  I quickly received Heinz mild yellow mustard and additional pickles on request.  The place was comfortable with a deli feel to it.  And, I polished off the second half of that sandwich split into lunch and dinner the next day.  But even before that I tipped my home scale 4-3/4 pounds heavier than the day before.  Believe me, the appetizers from Stack at Revolution before the Terry Fator Show did not cause that gain.  Half of a Woody Allen did!I will eat at Carnegie more often, but to keep my weight under some reasonable control I think I will only order the Woody Allen again on at best an annual basis.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,10/22/2014,51,324,15,18,17>DTP has done it again! What a beautiful property. I had the preview privilege of staying at Downtowns newest property.  Oasis at Gold Spike is a non-smoking, non-gaming hotel located adjacent to the Gold Spike backyard.  The property is made up of 44 rooms, affectionately known as crash pads, has just completed a multi-million dollar renovation which features individual design elements in each crash pad.  The furniture, artwork, and decor create unique experiences in each and every crash pad!Two styles of rooms (please see my photos):Premier RoomSuite RoomProperty Amenities:::::::Lobby LibrarySelection of books aimed at boosting productivity, alignment, and happinessRecord Player with many, many vinyls to choose fromPoolDaybedsF&B serviceLive entertainment on weekend eveningsRoom Service::::::Featuring a hand selected menu from the Gold Spike GrillGold Spike::::::Access to 24-hour bar and grill; as well as the newly opened Carnival BarConnected to the backyard full of oversized games and live entertainmentCo-working in the living roomResort Fee which includes:::::::In-room wireless high-speed internet accessProperty-wide wireless internet accessAccess to the Fitness Center at Gold SpikeParking in Oasis at Gold Spike parking lotF&B offer at DTP owned and operated venuesBoarding pass printingFaxing and copies (limit 10 pages)Daily newspaper selection in lobbyCall now to book a room or check it out for yourself at the website. Relax and enjoy your stay...I know I did!!!!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,10/21/2014,161,172,11,17,12>Shoutout to Candace C. for her review.  Without her testimony of the Jidori lunch special, i wouldn't have gave this place a second thought.  Before that I tried the skewers thing once, but my conscious became really uncomfortable after i was like 10-20sticks deep.  It was just a bit too much.Now that I know about Jidori Lunch Special (before 3pm) I feel like i'm getting more than a bargain at $9.50. Comes with two healthy serving of Deep Fried Chicken Cutlet.  The batter they used is amazing and nicely coarse as stated before. Also included in that lunch special are Shredded Cabbage w/ a refreshing Sweet Vinaigrette Soy Dressing, a scoop of Creamy Potato Salad, bowl of fresh Rice, and alas a bowl of Tonjiru.Tonjiru is a Pork and Vegetable Miso Soup. This particular one contains mushroom, carrots, sliced pork belly, green onions, gobo roots, and nagaimo (yam/potato).  It's an earthy broth and simply hearty.  After a meal like that it's comforting knowing that i can surrender into this bowl of hope and find peace in itself.*tip* Prior to your meal they drop off a bowl of Sesame Seeds for you to grind before adding to your Tonkatsu sauce to go along with your Chicken Katsu.  Before you start muddling take out half of it or more. You don't need all that sesame and it's easier to focus on grinding at small base of the bowl than trying to handle all of it at the same time.  You'll progress much more quickly to get that consistency rather spending your time chasing it all.If you're not into Kushi-Age or any thing deep fried, they offer wide variety of Japanese Tapas, salad, rice dishes, and noodle soup bowls.  Small plates such as sashimi, egg omelet, and Prime Short Ribs Steak.Maybe not the best ikazaya in town, but they're holding their own just fine. 3.75/5Don't skip desserts!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/20/2014,101,180,14,16,12>No roll of hundred dollar bills required! The restaurant may share a building with Sapphire but that's where the connection ends, from a dining guest stand-point at least. Sunday dinner? No need to worry about your Gammie being offended here; once inside you will never know what was going on next door. What you will find upon walking in is a very pleasant hostess, nice modern decor mixed with the classic cantina accoutrements, best in class Mexican fare and matching service quality from all involved. Reasons for 4 stars: Kai the waiter and the table side guacamole artist Chris. The head chef named Paco; this guy creates some interesting menu items and some twists on old classics. He stopped by the table twice to check in...Gordon Ramsay isn't going to do that, because he doesn't give a fuck if you ever come back; Paco does. Casadores tequila Cadillac margarita, 11 bucks; 5-9 dollars cheaper than most other places and it came in a full sized margarita glass, not some pansy low ball that others try to pass off on you. The table-side prepared guacamole...all fresh, made exactly to your liking, plentiful amount for 2-3 people. The pineapple shrimp platter; you will think you just landed in Hawaii...or wherever else fresh pineapple can be sourced from. This entree is worth coming back for; see my picture for the details. The vanilla flan; Paco's grandmothers recipe evidently. I'm not a flan fan, it's been too tapioca pudding-like in texture the few times I've had it. Not the case here as this one is more the consistency of cheesecake and was fantastic. I'm a believer, in Paco and his grandmother at least. Docked one star: It would really be 1/2 star off but I'm not afforded that luxury. The moment you've all been waiting for. The big reveal! The initial bowl of chips were stale, a bit chewy. The second bowl was fresh. The dessert arrived without any utensils and the original ones had been cleared. That's all folks nothing to see here keep it moving. All seriousness...five stars are reserved for repeat visits if they continue to impress. Worth a repeat visit? You bet your sombrero it is.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,10/19/2014,240,85,6,18,13>Seriously the best!  The only place me and my parents go to for our cars. Just yesterday my mom was quoted $900 for a radiation problem at Midas (she only went there because she's super weird about going even 1 mile over on the mileage for oil changes and forgot to make an appointment here Lol). But she went to Midas for an oil change and they  let her know about the radiation issue. So she scheduled an appointment here and that supposed $900 fix was only $19. They are extremely honest! Even to replace all my brake pads were only around $300 here.There was even a time where my dad went to Walmart for a quick oil change before work and they told him something was leaking and the replacement would be $2000. Soo again he took it here and they showed him that it looked like someone poked a perfect hole where it was leaking and patched it up for under $100.Highly recommend this place!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,10/18/2014,381,465,8,13,11>Jinya is a solid ramen spot, and it is by default the best ramen spot after midnight. Not bad for the new kid on the block.It was actually quite crowded for the late (12:30) hour. Only one space seemed to be open aside from the giant communal table in the middle of the room. The host asked us if we'd been there before and, as we hadn't, thoroughly explained the menu. Then we got into the menu think tank.I saw Philip T's recommendation of the takoyaki and decided to give it a whirl. It's pretty good. Nice crispy outer layer, lots of tako (octopus) inside, lots of bonito flakes, and two sauces, similar to the one "authentic" takoyaki that I'd had before from a tent inside a Mitsuwa Marketplace. The inhabitants of that tent are apparently well-known for takoyaki back in Japan, and I certainly enjoyed their version of it. The one thing I didn't enjoy too much on Jinya's takoyaki was the chewy texture on this one compared to the remarkably tender tako on the other.I had the tonkotsu assari per a friend's recommendation. It was pretty solid. The broth was very different from other pork broths that I've had, almost as if there wasn't actually enough pork. I actually used the ramen seasoning provided at the table on the broth later on and ended up with a flavor more reminiscent of other broths that I've had, but I typically never have to add any additional condiments. Anyway, noodles seemed to be a bit over al dente but wasn't terrible. The egg was one of the softer eggs (although not runny) that I've had in a ramen, and I also enjoyed the generous fungus, green onion, and bean sprouts. I do wish that there had been more than the one piece of chashu.Overall, service was solid (lots of getting checked up on in addition to the menu walkthrough), and I did enjoy the ramen even though it seemed lacking in some ways. Given the surprising abundance of ramen options in Las Vegas, I wouldn't necessarily go back here unless I was looking for ramen in the wee hours of the AM. Last call is at 2:45am, which is pretty nice if you're meeting up with a friend who's just arrived in town. Or something else. I have no clue what else people could be doing in Vegas at such a late hour...
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,10/17/2014,214,227,6,14,14>Would you look at that?  If you drive to the Northwest and take a few lefthand turns, you end up in a stockyard in Kentucky!  Almost.  From the minute you get out of your car and see the line wrapping around the shed, you know you are in for a unique experience.  Get in line on the left for an awesome lunch or turn to the right to go into the deli and order fresh meat.  We chose lunch.  John Mull's is good.  Really good.  I can't go so far as to say it's better than Rollin Smoke, but I will say they are totally different animals, offering totally different experiences.  There's just something about ordering at a food cart and eating outside that adds magic to BBQ.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and stole a rib from my boyfriend.  The ribs!  So tender.  And the potato salad and mac n cheese were both incredibly good sides.  Apparently, they are only open til 6 p.m. so go early and go hungry.  Portions are huge!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,10/16/2014,400,1236,10,18,16>We came in during the first few days after they opened, so the staff was still working out some of the kinks. I won't fault them for that. They were all extremely friendly and helpful and there is always a bit of a learning curve for a new spot.Despite the fact that the entire staff was still in the training stages, the food came out tasting great. Chef Marc was there helping the staff out and giving them pointers as they prepared our food and chatted us up while we waited. You really see how passionate he is for his business, which was important. Everyone in our party ordered the one topping pizza, salad and drink combo. My fella and I decided to share since we wanted to try out the dessert pizza. We opted for the spicy sauce and supprassota on top. It had a nice spicy kick and the crust was perfection. Even better than the one I had at their other location on Eastern. The salad was great as well. We opted for the Caesar and it had a nice subtle flavor and wasn't overly sauced, which I enjoyed. We ordered everything together and they offered to make our dessert pizza a little later so we could enjoy it when we were ready, so it was as fresh and warm as possible. The flavors were great and I really enjoyed this little treat. Not overly sweet and had a nice savory aspect that helped even out the powdered sugar and fruit topping. As much as I liked it, I would probably stick to their savory items next time since they offer Art of Flavors gelato as well and it's very hard to me to resist that when it's available.I'm very excited by the newest addition to this complex and I see myself coming pretty often to indulge my pizza and gelato cravings.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,10/15/2014,303,269,7,22,9>Hoi..1st to Review!Give Manila's Best - A Taste of Home some lovin'!  It's a brand spankin' new place for some delicious Filipino eats!  Just opened about a week and a half ago.  Please check it out!I'm a new fan because:1) The owner is a cool dude!2) The restaurant is clean!  The bathrooms are clean!3) The food is good!I cannot tell you how much a clean restaurant does for its reputation.  Being brand new you would expect cleanliness and Manila's Best has it in spades.  Let's hope they can keep it up this way, I feel much better eating in a place that pays attention to proper hygiene.Like Filipino food from the Homeland? Manila's Best is the newest, tastiest place to go!  Seriously, the food here is down-home country, not pretentious, and tasty.  Yes, Filipino food tends to be heavy, but the folks here at Manila's Best keep the greasiness to a minimum.  Nothing on the line was sitting for too long or drowning in its own grease.Here's some of the tender vittles on their menu:-Rice (lots and lots of white rice)-Bistek-Pork Adobo-Chicken Adobo-Beef Afritada-Grilled Pork Belly (damn delicious)-Pancit-Pork Sinigang (mmmm....sour)-Chicken Tinola-Fried Tilapia-Fried Chicken SkinI ate all of it...and loved it!  For me, I'm an Americanized Filipino and I noticed their food is lighter on the bagoong/patis side of the palette.  Which is a plus for me because DAMN sometimes my Nanay & Tatay are a bit heavy-handed on the fermented fish stuff!  But for you old skool' Filipinos I'm sure Manila's Best has some bagoong or patis on the side they can give you in case you're looking for that fishy feeling.Manila's Best is really the best of both worlds, you can either enjoy a 2 or 3 item combo which includes rice and soup for under $7.  Or you can be a lechon like me and go all out for their special BUFFET....all-you-can-eat gloriousness for only $7.99 total!  Soft drink and tax already included!  Plus they give real plates, bowls, and silverware so you can feel like you're having a meal at home.  Things like that really add up to a great experience here.I really enjoyed Manila's Best, and they are looking for customers!  It was lunch rush today (on a Payday Friday) and the place was near empty.  So sad, poor thing!  These folks need a push from some social media.  And I am here to help with my outstanding review!So you like-a-da Filipino food, please visit Manila's Best!  Your belly and your wallet won't be sorry!  Best price of $7.99 for their lunch and dinner buffet!  You go now!I think I will be going there again tonight.MASARAP!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/14/2014,146,85,11,16,16>I've only been here a couple of times so far but I'm a big fan. It's on my way home from work so it's a cool place to stop for a drink and try and win some money. The vibe of the place is cool and they're still pretty new so they're working out the kinks. It's kind of an old Vegas lounge with a modern feel. The only crappy thing is that they're hidden from view so it isn't easy to find. Just look for Wienerschnitzel, they're behind them tucked away in the corner. They're doing a $50 match play promo right now if you feel like trying your luck.  Don't expect to watch any baseball here. They don't have the MLB package, much to my dismay. Luckily, I work at a Yankees bar and also have the MLB.TV subscription. Both times I've been here so far, I've been helped by the bartender, Jessica, and she's great. Attentive, fun to talk to and she surprises you with some fun shots here and there. Update that Sky is also pretty cool and friendly. I also met Bruce, the gentleman that runs the kitchen. He's great and you can tell he cares about his product. Everything is prepared fresh and made with care. Apparently he was the executive chef at Braddah's before they screwed him over. So he set up this kitchen and he's killing it. I tried a stuffed burger with baked potato fries and it was phenomenal. For $12, you get a gigantic 2/3 pound burger freshly made and stuffed how you want it on a really good roll with these incredible fries on the side. Worth it! I wish they were open a little earlier so I could grab some food on the way home but they're still new and getting set up so I understand. They open around 10/11, if I remember correctly. They also do a happy meal at a certain time which is like a beer, a burger and fries for $5.99 I believe. Something like 1-3pm. I'll double check and edit this.  Anyway, as a local bartender, I find this place to be a great local bar to support. Screw PT's and Dottie's, support the local independent bars or you'll be left with cold, cookie cutter corporate bars that don't know how to treat their customers.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,10/13/2014,380,160,12,22,25>I can never go wrong at this buffet. Only $9.99 with players card of course. Ive been coming to this buffet for decades now and the quality is still worth the price. Asian, Italian, and American food is served, but my favorite would be the newly added section where you choose your Italian Pasta ingredients which is then cooked to order! (I know theres a name for this Lol) For the kids, another station besides the regular deserts was added with approximately 10 flavors of real ice cream and not that fake custard crap! XPService has never failed. Just make sure you call and ask about the pricing for kids since ive been hearing different numbers through the grapevine.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/12/2014,1362,984,11,17,17>How have I not written a review for this yet?!This monthly food and fundraising event has been a nice treat in the Southwest area of town. In the past couple of years, it has really gotten busy though!Once a month, usually the last Saturday, Chaiya Mediation Monastery holds this food gathering where you can grab homemade treats for $5 or less. It starts around 9 am and lasts until 12 pm or so. But these days, they run out of the popular food items way before noon. So come early if you want your pick!You can trade your cash for tokens but it's really unnecessary now since all the vendors take cash directly.Among my absolute favorites are:* Burmese Tea Salad - I love Burmese Tea Salad and I have not found one restaurant in Las Vegas that makes it. (If you know otherwise, please let me know!) The only thing is that it's not a regular item there. It's only been available a few times unfortunately. (Which makes me want it even more!)* Mango Sticky Rice - Okay, who doesn't love this Thai dessert? Sweet rice with ripe mangoes, what's not to love? However, it's a seasonal thing and they run out fast! You need to be there early to score an order.* Pad Thai - Made to order and a bargain for the amount you get!* Pork Satay - Made to order and $1/stick. Put your order in and come back to get it later on. Some months it's super tender, other months it's only okay.Other food items found:* Hainanese Chicken and Rice* Papaya Salad (spicy!)* Curry Puffs (You need to order these a month in advance!)* Soups* Chive Pancakes* Sweet Roti Pancakes* DessertsI was spoiled in the beginning because the Husband would head out and pick up the food while I slept in. It was a nice treat finding all these goodies waiting for me in the kitchen. But now it's a much longer wait to get your food because it's so crowded. Nonetheless, I'm glad the monastery is getting so much business and visitors. They could probably extend the amount of food vendors each month to accommodate the demand.Side note: Cash only. There are tables and chairs in a shaded area, but it's hard to get a spot these days.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,10/11/2014,433,1034,10,16,16>Oh baby! Vegas has another Japanese restaurant that will surely make waves in the scene. It is not near Chinatown. It is not in one of the casinos. Instead it is located in the middle of Silverado Ranch. The staff is friendly and warm. Genuine service is rare. Yes, they do stumble in certain aspects, but the amount of attentiveness is inspiring. I didn't go long without refilled glasses, finished plates were removed, and a quick overview of each dish was offered upon presentation.The food is solid. I need to go back again to see if the consistency is there. If so, it would definitely be elevated to a five star review. Reasonably priced and generous are two ways to describe Yuzu. Between four of us, we ordered a bevy of items and had a feast presented to us. They course out well. Yes, we were the only ones left at the end of the night, so I wonder how that will play off at full capacity.Generally, my favorite items were all soy based. The Zaru Tofu is some of the best I've had. The use of yuzu kosho, grated ginger, chives, and their special sauce made for a well balanced dish. The Yuba Sashimi comes from the skimmed off top from the tofu making process. I might have finished off most of the plate while my party wasn't looking. I am not a huge fan of salmon, but their collar had me picking at both orders on the table. It is very generous. Picking is not a good description, because there was very little work in finding meat. The halibut carpaccio in a sauce similar to chimichurri was spectacular. Tender slices of white fish in a garlicy green sauce was almost perfect. It just needed a little more acid. The green tea buckwheat noodles are cooked perfectly. The sauce is light. Nothing overbearing. The black pig cutlet was good, just not the best. Same goes with the karaage. I would order them again, but with so many other choices, I could stick to the non meat items and fish. I am not sure if I should be happy that they are so close. I can see myself stopping by after work and eating my feelings on a regular basis.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,10/10/2014,173,140,11,17,14>My review is long overdue ...I've been to Cafe Darak several times with friends. Sometimes I ordered something, sometimes I didn't. Cafe Darak has a very unique atmosphere that's different from any other place that I've gone to. It's also bright, which I like. They have vintage decorations that match the meaning to their name. "Darak" means attic so it's quite fitting that everything in there is vintage and old -- just like the stuff you would put in an attic. As far as the menu goes, they have a coffee menu, a juice/blended menu, a tea menu, and some pastry/cake items. I haven't had a chance to try any of their coffee stuff mostly because I'm not a coffee person and also whenever we go, it's late at night. I've got to try some of their other items which includes:Pink Lychee AdeBerryberry AdeYuzu AdeStrawberry FrapJasmine TeaGreen TeaHoney bread toastTo be quite frank, I wasn't too crazy over their ades. The pink lychee ade was refreshing but it had a slight bitter after taste, which was probably due to the pink grapefruit. I'm not sure if it mixes well with lychee. I think I would prefer a strawberry lychee ade. Their yuzu ade was a lot of syrup and I think I know where they get the syrup from. I actually have a jar of that yuzu syrup at home myself. So, I guess, to me, it isn't anything special. I could have it at home whenever I want. The berryberry ade was .. just not tasty to me. The syrup they used kind of reminded me of cough syrup at some points. Their strawberry frap was good except it wasn't blended. It was liquid with ice. So after some time, it was just diluted in flavor. I was expecting it to be like the green tea frap, which was a blended ice beverage. So it's just a little weird for them to have that difference ... The jasmine tea and green tea are pretty self explanatory. And the best part is that there is free refills on the hot water so you could refill your glass kettle about 3 times before it loses flavor. As for the honey bread toast, I really enjoyed it. The bread was a bit crispy on the ends with a soft and warm center. And the ice cream really helps out the overall sweetness. It was really yummy! They also have a cute stamp card program. You get to pick a cute card, put your name on it, and they will stamp it each time you buy something. When you get 7 stamps, you get 1 free drink. So with that, I picked a card that represents me!! :D Overall, it's a very cute place. It's great to hang out with friends, and the prices aren't bad as well. The owner is very nice. Also depending on how many customers vs how many people working, it can get slow but not too bad. Will definitely go back and try more things. From what I know, they come out with new items every so often as I follow their instagram. (:
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/9/2014,642,1715,14,20,17>Lychee lemonade and fried chicken- island style!I've been stalking this place since their signage went up in the Trader Joe's plaza months ago- they finally opened to the public today! Mochiko chicken is a Japanese-Hawaiian fried chicken that is marinated for 24 hours and breaded in sweet rice flour prior to frying. (According to Wikipedia)Menu offers a few plates, bowls, and salads-  basic menu with different dipping sauces and a la carte chicken options. Ordered The Cali plate: two pieces of chicken, fries and coleslaw, with a Hawaiian roll and a drink. Interior is minimalist and modern with neutral colors, save for a beach painting on one wall.The fried chicken here tastes more baked than fried, and has a slight sweetness with good crunch and a very fine breading. Dipping sauce was light yet flavorful. Fries are lightly seasoned, similar to a Cajun style. Coleslaw is not mayo-based which automatically made me like it over other varieties, and roll was soft and sweet.But what really makes them stand out are the service and the lychee lemonade- Sandra was super friendly and upbeat, running the counter and telling me about the company. They are also getting word out about their opening with jelly bracelets supporting breast cancer research, as she is a survivor. The lychee lemonade is alongside the other fountain drink options in a tea dispenser, and it will. blow. your. mind! The sweetness of lychee with the slight tartness of lemon, I would probably bathe myself in this delicious drink. Be sure to get it when you go!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,10/8/2014,682,135,17,21,20>As the name suggests, this is not a place that screams nice sit down meal to impress a date located in a run down strip mall on Desert Inn Road, but your aforementioned date would be indubitably impressed if you brought their food over to her place and curled up to watch a nice romantic movie such as Thai-tanic or any within the Thai-light Saga if she happens to be a fan of Thai-lor Larb-ner (my apologies for the pad thai puns, alas it couldn't be helped).While Archie's and Pin Kao are familiar Thai lunch staples to the Vegas locals, this hidden gem on the east side of town excels in value and authenticity.   To start off, you automatically knock off a few bucks simply by checking in on Yelp and receiving a complementary Thai iced tea, an always refreshingly cool, creamy, and sweet beverage to neutralize even the spiciest of meals.  One then has the options for the $5.95 lunch specials which include choice of main entree, soup of the day, steamed or fried rice, and veggie egg roll or chicken pot sticker.   The standout option is the green curry.  They are not shy on spice, so my advice would be to order at about 5-6 if you like spicy, and titrate upward with the dry chili flakes at your table since that is essentially what they add to increase the spice level.  My experience with 7 or higher is that the spice overpowers the other flavors and it is not a pleasant experience, especially if you are ordering noodles or fried rice since you can at least extinguish some heat from the curries with steamed rice.  Whereas Pin Kao is heavy handed with the coconut milk and Archie's can be a tad on the oily side, the curries here are remarkably balanced and packed with vibrant and distinct flavors from the herbs and spices.  All the meats and vegetables components are fresh and well-cooked with toothsome textures.   A few items I've tried off the beaten path include the spicy crab noodle (think vinegary pad thai with bits of spicy crab), thai bbq chicken served with a side of papaya salad and sticky rice (aptly named "the three buddies", there's probably a food porn joke somewhere in here involving the words threesome and sticky, but I will keep this review PG), and the crispy fried pork (good flavors but way too salty).  The noodle soups are unmemorable and the one dish to avoid at all costs is the mee krob.  I've been wanting to try a solid rendition of mee krob (roughly translates to "crispy noodles") which is akin to hong kong style pan-fried noodles topped with a meat/vegetable starchy gravy but having a sweet acidic component and using rice noodles instead of egg noodles, yet the rendition here uses cheap chow mein noodles and drowned with a msg-laden sauce that reminds me of a premium bowl of cup-o-ramen.  I'm going to pretend this dish never happened.  Based on other yelper's photos, the whole fried tilapia topped with a spicy mango relish and the mango sticky rice look pretty legit so they are on the agenda for future visits.  All in all, a solid local mom/pop Thai joint that is easy on the wallet, loaded with authentic flavors,  and hits the spot if you are looking for a quick bite or as a solid take out option on the east side of town.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,10/7/2014,410,224,8,15,11>Most sports bars offer chicken wings and sliders, bar top gaming, and the ubiquitous Golden Tee machine.  But how many of them offer braised pork belly served on top of house made polenta, or a braised beef short rib Philly sandwich?  Sporting Life Bar has taken a sort of casual gastropub approach, where both the food and beer selection is of much higher quality than your typical neighborhood bar, but the pricing sits far below your typical menu at self proclaimed gastropubs.I was admittedly hesitant to eat here based on some previous reviews, but either I have wildly different taste in food, or maybe the kitchen has gone through some recent changes for the better.  Deviled Eggs were basic, but at only $0.50 per egg, it makes for a cheap snack that comes out fast.  The Braised Pork Belly with Polenta was a winner, nice and tender with a sweet glaze that had me wondering if I should get another order.  I also tried a daily special, Korean style short ribs served with house made kimchi.  The ribs had a good kalbi flavor, and they were quite tender.  Trying to take one bite meant having all of the meat fall of the bone effortlessly.Beer selection here is good, with Brooklyn Lager, Ballast Point, Ommegang and Green flash being offered on draft.  Drafts I've had ranged from $4-$6; not too bad.  Bottle selection is decent too, including Deschutes, Kona, Dogfish Head, Duvel and Stone.  You can also get a flight of three beers for $10.  How many sports bars do that?Outside of food and drink, they also have a Tuesday night pub quiz that starts at 7:00pm.  On Wednesday nights they have two rounds of darts tournaments, at 7:30pm and 12:30am.  I haven't been to either event, but the main reason I first came here was to play darts, and they are serious about it.  An entire wall lined with cork holds four steel tip dart boards, and the throwing line is built into the floor; it's not just a strip of tape on the ground.  House darts are of better quality than at other bars, but it seems that most people who come here to play bring their own dart sets; again, people are serious about it here, and it's a cool spot that caters to it.While not located in my neighborhood, the combination of good food, good beer, and good darts has easily made this a locals bar that is worth driving to.  Not only is this a sports bar that the southwest deserves, it's one that it needs.  Proof that a bar does not need to be a generic, cookie cutter chain that starts with a P and end with a T.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/6/2014,299,177,11,19,14>Pre-fixe single menu + 12 seats. I'm not uber head over heals in love but Omae serves some pretty good stuff. Plus, it's so affordable it's worth at least 1 visit, maybe 2, or 3--really it depends on the menu. Speaking of menus... Omae, please. I generally don't carry a magnifying glass with me. USE NON-SCRIPT FONT LARGER THAN 4pt. My personal suggestion, Helvetica. A classic.I've been here twice on two different menus. Each had a chilled soup, a vegetable course + an entree. The chilled soups here are phenomenal. If you've never had a soup cold, this would be an excellent place to start and acclimate yourself. They're vegetable based, creamy, and amazing. One had an egg custard on the bottom which was phenomenal.The 2nd course always leaves something to be desired. Not bad just not special. Visit #1 consisted of a deconstructed shrimp salad. It was a miniature vegetable plate with a prawn for substance. Visit #2 was a half of a carmelized onion w/ miso paste. Tasty but just eh. Here's where your meal is either worth it, or not. If you're ordering Omurice as your entree, you just got ripped off--badly. If you order something more substantial, i.e. Ramen. It's 100% worth it to eat here. Omurice = Fried rice wrapped in egg. I've had many a fried rice(s) and Omae does not make the best. If you need fried rice in your life, holla and I'll steer you in the right direction. There was also a Wagyu burger on the menu which, while tasty, was not all that special. Personally, I''ve found that the ramen is a guaranteed delicious time as well as the only way to get your money's worth. I've had chicken and pork based ramen here and they were both excellent. Don't let a chicken-based broth frighten you. It's much richer than it sounds. They also have thicker, chewier noodles. woo.Call and make a rez.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,10/5/2014,615,292,16,16,16>I've been a fan of Sasapops since Yelp's Shop Local Whole Foods events back in '12. Had mini pops of Pumpkin Pie, Strawberries and Cream and my favorite, Salted Peanut Caramel. Sooo good. Fast forward to this week, picture it, Sicily, 1929-kidding. Outlet shopping on two consecutive scorcher days with my pal. She lives here, but works in another state :( So, I'm her food Sherpa. $4 for a popsicle she exclaims? All natural I say. F that was the reply. So, I bought a strawberry for her and a coconut for me...and she was hooked enough to get another today. Not too sweet, organic ingredients with vegan options available and friendly people helping you. No brainer.If you take your receipt to their Container Park location, you get 10% off your purchase at Chill Spot where they have snow, Halo Halo and ice cream made with nitrogen and more. Deion gave us all the 411 and I'm stoked to check it out. So, when my friend is away, I have several places to score a non GMO/HFCS containing cool treat. Fans for sure!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,10/4/2014,471,470,11,20,12>I'm the Duke so I'm not not a fan. Pros: -It's just $10 a month and serves its purposes. $20 if you desire massage and tanning machine privileges and other things that $10 more gets you.-No commitment. You pay monthly and cancel anytime.-Lots of cardio machines which include treadmills, ellipticals, bikes, stairs, etc. I'm guessing at least 40 machines for cardio so you're not really waiting to go running or walking.-Clean and well maintained equipment. PF is still pretty new but I'm always seeing gym users and employees wiping down equipment and cleaning. If something ain't working its usually fixed asap.-Almost everything is in pairs. If someone is using the 10 lbs dumbbells there's another set of 10 lbs dumbbells. If someone is using the leg extension machine there's another one. -Equipment are organized and spaced out. Arm equipment are grouped with other arm equipment, back equipment, chest, legs, abs, etc.-Lots of TVs at least 20.-Showers always a plus.-The staffs friendly.-Temperature and environment is set right.-Gym is open 24/7 and the staff is there 24/7.-The Lunk alarm keeping lunks in check.-Ive never seen it too busy.-Free pizza and donuts once a month!!!Cons (not really cons its more like limits or what they're not offering):-If you want to bench your options are smiths machine or max out with 75 lbs dumbbells.-Free weight barbells limited to 65 lbs.-You bring your own towels, soap, shampoo, etc. Its not a motel.-You can't drop weights, they'll scold you or you'll set off the lunk alarm. -No sauna, swimming pools, basketball courts, scales to weigh yourselves.-Cardio machines don't have USB connections so can't charge ur phones while running a long time. Sorry Android users with bad batteries.-No free weight Olympic bars.-3 showers.-No classes like LVAC, 24hr fitness, or Gold's Gym.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,10/3/2014,536,126,11,16,15>My fellow Yelpers didn't steer me wrong again, as Ramen Sora was very good.  I am relatively new to ramen and finally decided to just give it a try.  I was pleasantly surprised to see such a large menu as (again) I haven't had much experience with ramen other than a few times over the years. I will admit I was one of those point at the picture and ask questions guys, but the server was great explaining each one with the experience of having answer the questions a million times, but with the attitude it was the 1st time which put me at ease.  I honestly couldn't tell you what everyone ordered, but from the sampling of everything, it was all GOOD!  The building is a little small and the wait was normal, but well worth it.  I don't have it marked on my calendar yet, but I do plan on going back again soon.  This time I will point to a new picture with more confidence that no matter what I pick, it will be delicious.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/2/2014,519,1603,16,26,21>Seven adult Yelpers and two young ones got together yesterday to give the new restaurant a go.  Opened just a week, the place has a winning combination of choices and flavors.The Radar O'Reilly of our group (that's meant in the kindest way) had emailed the restaurant and arranged our tasting session picking from the most common dishes selected by the group.  It was a great idea in theory and execution.  Just as Radar procured things the 4077th needed, our Radar arranged our brunch perfectly.We ordered:  bacon cheddar biscuits with honey salt butter; country house pâté with pickles, fruit mostarda, and grilled bread; Cheesy garlic toast made with four cheeses; pimento cheese with Saltines, pretzel chips,and  breakfast radishes; smokey bleu cheese fondue with salt and pepper chips; black mission figs with goat cheese, pistachios, pomegranate seeds, and arugula; baked artichoke with Freekeh stuffing; dirty mac and cheese with burnt pork ends, four cheeses and Ritz cracker crust; butcher style chicken wings the menu describes as hot smoked, flash fried, salt & vinegar, sriracha. Buffalo or BBQ; bacon and eggs with thick bacon, deviled eggs, red onion jam and multi grain toast; breakfast poutine with two poached eggs on top of fries with turkey gravy and cheese curds; doughnut holes with dusted with cinnamon and served with a berry dip; load S'mores nachos made with graham crackers, torched marshmallows, toasted walnuts, Oreo cookie crumbs, chocolate sauce, and fluff cream; and last, banana pudding with Nilla wafers, salted caramel, and whipped cream.The foods were all good.  My favorites would be the bleu cheese fondue, the pâté, the bacon and eggs, breakfast poutine, and the cheddar bacon biscuits.  I'd go back alone and have just the bleu cheese fondue and the poutine.  If the skillet with the leftover bleu cheese had fit in my pocket without spilling, it would be sitting in my kitchen, empty and clean.  I thought if I walked through Tivoli Village just holding it upright, people might think I was panhandling--literally and figuratively.  The poutine was excellent and now I know why might Canadian friends rave!  The desserts were excellent, too, but of the three, get the S'mores nachos.Service was superb throughout!  Chef Canteenwalla came to our table and spent a good amount of time with us explaining the restaurant and the concepts behind it.  We had a group photo taken with him and he was very outgoing!This is a wonderful new restaurant on the West side and they have their good game on even though they've been open for just a week.  I can't wait to go back.  Fondue, you're mine!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/1/2014,162,212,16,18,16>For my 200th review it thought that it should only be fitting that is is a 5 star joint. Here's the story:We were headed to the bank and the auto mall to run some errands. Lo and behold, we see this shiny old school diner building to the left. So we jump to you yelp app and see that it's a sushi restaurant. As most of my followers know I am skeptic when it comes to Japanese food outside of the motherland it something told me that we need to check this place out. (Well the previous reviews helped a little). there was only a few people at the bar when we arrived. I am not one for the sushi bar so we opted for a booth. Service was fast and friendly; as you would come to expect in a Japanese establishment. I glanced at the special board and they had:O-ToroChu-TotoI knew that we were in for a real Japanese treat!Here is what we ordered by round:Round 1Agaedashi tofu:Firm toru with a nice fried skin, topped with negi (green onion) just like you would find in the Motherland. Negitoro TemakiFreshly made negitoro, the fish was bright pink and garnished with fresh wasabi.Round 2Sirloin steak: Served on a hot plate garnished with a grip of onions. Nothing to write home about. I didn't come here for the steak; I came for sushi. Negitoro Gyunkan (my fave item):It's not on the menu but they were happy to make it! Same quality as the temaki roll  Chu-toroProbably my favorite grade. Right in the middle of the grades. Quick Japanese lesson: The Chu prefix means mid; so in this case mid grade toro. It's not too delicate like O-Toro but not solid like akami (normal grade). O-toro:I am not a big O-Toro fan but figured if it's on they have it, I'm going to eat it. The fish was just as expected nice a buttery. Round 3:Gyoza:Fresh and handmade! What more can you ask for?Japanese Lasagna Roll:I didn't order it; the GF did. I am not a fan of suped up sushi with cream cheese so this was a miss for me. BUT the GF liked it....  More Negitoro gyunkanUni:You have to be a fan of uni to want to eat it. The uni here was ok.. Sorry I am spoiled from living in Northern Japan where they are known for their sweet fresh uni. It was the sweetest that I've had in the valley so far. Akami: As mentioned previously; its the bright red tuna that everyone is accustomed to. Bright red, soft and fresh! So refreshing after eating so much mediocre frozen Vegas buffet sushi. Be sure that you don't com hungry as the aforementioned food will run you easily around $100. BUT TRUST ME, ITS WORTH EVERY PENNY! Some of the freshest fish and most authentic sushi that I've had next to Miko's Izakaya (which I still love too!)I hope that this review helps legitimize the sushi and experience of Tokyo Boys as well as educate the novice on grades of tuna. I put my seal of approval on this place! Eat with confidence.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,9/29/2014,541,27,9,14,14>This is by far the best day club in Vegas! Always crowded but they never let in too many people to the point where you get agitated and want to leave. Tons of fun, huge pool, amazing private table at cabanas and Lilly pads in the pool. Several bars with great service, only about 10bucks to check in ur items or purse/bags right by the front entrance with actual people who take care of it and give u a wrist band so u cannot lose it! I love it here, feels like ur partying with friends no matter who you are with! Avicii plays here often which is great for me because he is my favorite DJ! Always a good time here, arrive early around 11am though because they sell out often and the line gets long after 11:45am. Love this place!!! Staff is professional and fantastic as well!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,9/28/2014,456,203,12,9,12>Wooooooweee.. Pho Kim Long has quickly become one of my most frequently visited places during a Vegas trip.Why is that?Convenience? CheckAsian food? CheckGood Asian food? Check24-hour good Asian food? DING WE HAVE A WINNER!That's right folks. 24 hours of Vietnamese goodness. What better way to ease that hang over or cure that headache with a hearty bowl of food and a side of crispy spring rolls. I usually order my Pho Tai (rare beef Pho) or the beef or pork vermicelli/rice plates.Reasonable prices paired with good and quick service, you've had me at Pho!Lots of parking in the plaza lot, just make sure you drive into the correct one. Everything starts blending together if you are still feeling the night before.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,9/27/2014,186,246,7,10,10>This tiny sushi bar and sit down is a great place to have a bite when you're in the mood for AYCE. It's $22 for lunch and $25 for dinner starting at 4pm. It's open tip 3AM, which is a huge, huge plus for me as a hungry college-goer! We need our after party snacks ;) Ambiance: 3 - Small, but homey. Almost too small for my taste. Sitting at the bar is more roomy than chillin at the tiny table my party of 2 was seated! Fun, American music playlist though aha! I heard everything from 90's to alternative to punk rock. Service: 4 - One thing about a small place, it means pretty quick service. I've deff been to slower sushi places! It only took about 10-15 minutes for all my orders to come out, and most everything was correct. They were also super attentive and really friendly and kind!! Food: 4 - Food was yum! But nothing to write home about. Yet, I'd still go back! I did especially love the ahi tostadas, and fresh nigiri (all of it)--which I'm a huge fan of! Not the freshest fish I've had, but still pretty dang tasty. For specialty rolls, I'm addicted to soft shell crab, so my favorite rolls always include those. (Bank & Spider are my go-to's) For dessert, you can only have one! Sadly, they were out of green tea mochi :( But I made do with coffee. Definitely interested in coming back to taste more nigiri during lunch--gotta save those bucks! Go try their 'small dishes'; it will definitely make you fall in love with fresh fish!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/26/2014,112,130,10,17,15>It's no joke when I say that I have literally been waiting years for this place to open! After having been to LA location a handful of times and completely falling in love with the food, there was no question that I was going to be here opening weekend! I mean, I was just there this morning, and I already want to go back...To start off, this location is much bigger than the original one on Sunset. There's seating for nearly triple what the original location accommodates and it's much more open too. If you have ever been to the one in LA, you know how small it is and how tight everything is. And while I'm sure there will be plenty of days with long waits here at the SLS, the breakfast Gods have spoken and given us a location that's open 24 hours...yes 24 HOURS! Ahhhhhhhhh!Moving on to the menu, I'm glad to see that things really haven't changed. There have been some slight changes, but I think that's more just to fit in to the theme of being in a casino. There's still a riduclous amount of the things to choose from, including their famous giant pancakes and a bunch of savory items for breakfast, lunch, dinner or even a late night snack. Most importantly though, you won't be paying more to eat the same food just because you're in a Las Vegas casino. Now, as I said...The Griddle Café is pretty famous for their giantly portioned pancakes. Normally stacked 3 high, and so large that the plate they are served on, can't even be seen underneath 'em. In all honesty, the portions are absolutely ridiculous and I don't think I know anyone personally who can finish the whole plate of 3. Thankfully, I just learned that any pancakes can be ordered in a single portion. Really, all that means for me is that I can order more than just one flavor every time I come here! ;) So, here's what we had today...Eyes Wide Open - My favorite of the day. This one takes their pancake batter up a notch by adding in a shot of espresso and semi-sweet chocolate chips. The amount of espresso was perfect and just like the pancake themselves, they weren't stingy with the chocolate chips. Even after being stuffed to the rafters, I just couldn't stop eating this one.Mouthful of Yum - This one is just bursting with flavor, and texture too. There's Godiva Chocolate Liqueur, brown sugar and banana in the batter, then it's topped with their fresh whipped cream and sprinkles of crushed Butterfinger. It's definitely a sweeter option on the menu, but it's good one.Barry Yellow - Fruity, tart, fresh and delicious. This ones got raspberry and lemon mixed into the batter. Both flavors were present without hiding the other, and a great option for berry lovers who don't want something too sweet.Tis' The Season - Even though this was my least favorite of the day, that means nothing bad whatsoever. These are easily some of the best pumpkin pancakes you're going to find in town. The pumpkin flavor isn't overpowering and they aren't mushy like a lot of them tend to be. Solid choice for anyone who likes pumpkin.Between the visits to LA and these at the SLS location, I've probably tried close to 10 of their pancake choices. These are by far my favorite pancakes from any restaurant! They're always the perfect light, fluffy texture and I never even have to think about putting syrup on my plate. The pancakes really are just that good!Adding to the pancakes, this was the first time I've tried like a "regular" breakfast item from The Griddle Café. I got to taste the Sunset People which was ordered by someone at our table, and it just made me love the place even more! Basically an egg scramble with sausage, bacon, jalapeno, potato, onion and cheese throw in. Tons of flavor, not too spicy, everything was cooked perfectly and it's served with a side of amazing chile-cheese toast. It ain't just about pancakes anymore for me!Lastly, the service. I was really bummed to hear that some fellow Yelpers had terrible service the morning before. That's always a bad thing to hear and it' sucks that they had to deal with so many issues. Since our service was completely the opposite, I hope that was just some sort of opening weekend fluke. Our waitress was great, our drinks were never empty and anytime we asked for something (plates, napkins, etc), we had it in seconds. If anything, it was better then the LA location since I didn't get the rushed feeling like I have gotten there before.The Griddle Café really does bring a new, and unique breakfast to Las Vegas that is more than worth checking out. Even if you aren't in the area, braving strip traffic and the drive from any part of town is a small price to pay for an amazing breakfast...if you ask me. I absolutely love the place and will be a very frequent regular!
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,9/25/2014,465,217,11,24,21>I'm giving this place 5 stars. The Boyfriend & I decided to randomly try a new place (his idea) and I know he loves Brazilian steakhouses... So I steered us toward this place. At first we weren't sure what to think.. The place looks empty when you walk in, but actually almost every table had people. It took a little bit to get a table, but obviously they were busy. She sat us at a booth, which was perfect for us. The salad bar is significantly smaller than other Brazilian steakhouses but the Stroganoff is out of this world. Best I've ever had! The Boyfriend really liked the grape leaf wrapped something or other. I didn't try them so I have no idea. They started bringing out the meat & one of the guys really stood out.  So much personality. Later we realized he was the owner. The Boyfriend really liked one of the chicken skewers, but obviously the red meats were the standouts. No one gave us tongs, so it was a little weird getting the meat from the server, but they worked it out. The meat selection is similar to other Brazilian steakhouses, but I do think they could do with some sharper knives. Meat quality is good, not great but definitely good. This place is definitely a family owned restaurant with the good & bad qualities that go into that. For me personally, eating out is about the experience just as much as food quality and this place goes out of their way to give good experience. Towards the end of the night the owner was singing karaoke and encouraging everyone to get up and sing. Normally that's not really my thing, but something about all the positive energy really made it a lot of fun. When we left everyone was having fun drinking and dancing around. It was a lot of fun.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/24/2014,127,112,10,14,12>I frequent this place when I'm in the mood for thai. It's on my way home from work so I call it in as im leaving and it's always ready for pickup when I get there. The last visit I ordered the panang curry level 5, chicken pad thai and cream cheese rangoons. The rangoons are my favorite they were crispy with lots of delicious filling (just cream cheese and scallion) and they come with a sweet dipping sauce. I ate those puppies in the car omw home lol. Anyways total for everything came to about $35. It was a bit pricey for just one person but I figured I would make at least 2/3 meals out of everything so when u break it down its not bad at all.I was disappointed with the pad thai it didn't have very much flavor. The panang curry was good and the spice level was just right. You can get it spiced from 1 to 10 with 10 being the hottest. I don't know how some people get a 10! I have also had the yellow curry chicken from there and I really enjoyed that. It comes with chunks of potatoes and carrots and I think bamboo but maybe u have to request that I can't remember. I have never dined in but the restaurant looks clean. The cashier who does the to-go could probably use a smile but that won't keep me from coming back.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,9/23/2014,425,246,12,20,16>Raw Fitness is not the cheapest place around by any means.  If however, you're looking for intense Cross-Fit / TRX / Boot-Camp kick your ass into shape and then quite a bit beyond just for good measure, then stop by and see what RF has to offer.The spacious facility is one of the larger and cleaner facilities I have come across in Vegas.  The staff is incredibly friendly and motivating.  A whole-self approach is taken at RF that is more about lifestyle living than it is about an exercise program.  RF is a serious place for dedicated individuals (or those desiring to be dedicated to something) to work hard and push themselves.  The facility is about the training and void of a studio feel with pleasant showers and amenities...this is where you come to train, period!  Additionally, some cool incentives are offered to individuals that reach their goals!  Goals are tough, but rewards are high.  Finally, they have a great heart for the community.  I first came into contact with RF by way of a yoga benefit that they were hosting, and applaud them for their genuineness and desire to help those in those around them.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,9/22/2014,426,67,12,20,21>I was glad to finally check this one off my bookmark list. I'm not sure what took me so long to try this place. It's right down the street and the pictures always looked so yummy. If it's your first time here, ordering can be a bit overwhelming. So many choices, options, do I sit down first? No. Stand in line and order at the counter. Pretty cool you get to watch them prepare your pie right as you order it. There's an array off toppings to choose from. Don't go crazy. I think they recommend no more than 3 toppings to ensure even cooking in their wood fired brick oven. They pop it in and 90 seconds later, Voilà it's done. This is the type of pizza my inner fat kid would eat everyday. But I'll try to be good and limit myself. This won't be easy. :)
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,9/21/2014,572,333,13,15,16>A very nice and well organized display of very interesting objects.  We went on Science fair week so it was free and there were professionals at tables educating the kids on what their career path was like.  Even the author off Deputy Dorkface was there.   There is a fish tank made by the TV show TANKED.  Beautiful displays of african animals, king tut's tomb, the sea world, geology and nevaa native animals are coupled with many interactive exhibits.  I'm used to bigger museums but this one packs a lot of punch for such a small space.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/20/2014,309,180,14,12,14>My little one asks me to come to this park daily. She calls it the dinosaur playground....she is actually bugging me about going to the dinosaur playground now which prompt me to write a quick review. The place is cute, clean, nice tall slides and a sand pit so kids can let out their inner archeologist and find the hidden dinosaur bones.  If you don't have a little nugget and want to just enjoy the big grassy fields, pond and waterfalls just be careful and mindful birds poop wherever they please outside of the playground area. Lol, I see many of people yelling how they stepped in something, those geese are big and so is their....you can connect the dots I hope.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,9/19/2014,227,338,9,25,17>The ramen scene continues to grow. Yes Monta Chaya, Monta's sister restaurant is the latest joint to open up. I've never tried their restaurant in Chinatown but I know it's very popular with both locals and tourists. So I was excited that they opened here in Henderson.   From the parking lot you won't be able to spot it but It's located between Japan Creek and Golds Gym in the strip mall on the corner of Eastern/Serene.  The sign for their storefront will be up soon according to one of the servers I spoke to. As with the other noodle houses, this place has sit table service. Your hostess will seat you at a table or counter. I chose their counter on this visit. Their furnishings reminded me of West Elm type stuff. The dark woods used makes the place look more stylish and gives it a more upscale feel. The seating arrangement didn't feel too crowded.  My server said they were so busy right before I came and that the lunch crowd had just left.Server gave me 2 menus one with noodle  dishes and entrees and another that Monta Chaya serves exclusively. So you know I just had to try something off the Chaya Dishes menu.  I chose Chashu Bans (bahns). This one was glazed pork belly slice in a steamed bun. They come as 2 appetizer sized portions.The Tonkatsu Ramen I ordered is just broth and noodles. I chose to customize with add ons they had. So there is an additional charge for them.  So keep in mind your order can add up. There was little wait from the time my order was taken to when I was served. When my order for the Tonkotsu Ramen came up, oh boy, I wasn't expecting such a huge bowl packed with noodles. My extras that I added were soft boiled egg and corn so my bowl was pretty full. The noodle soup was really good. The pork had just enough fat, the broth was savory. I personally thought it was just a tad salty and not as rich in flavor as the Tonkotsu broth over at the noodle house on Tropicana.  Still I enjoyed my bowl of ramen.  I asked if there is a smaller portion since this was way too much noodles for me.  My server said I can just request 1/2 noodles more broth next time. They still charge you the same price.Service here was spot on. Everyone was friendly and polite.  Unlike the other Asian restaurant that recently opened up at the casino, the employees here are prepared and ready for the rush hour crowd. I'm lovin the ramen craze and welcome another one here on this side of town!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,9/18/2014,425,88,13,24,22>The food here is a solid 3 stars, but the consistently amazing service is enough to bump it up to 4.This is NOT an authentic Mexican restaurant, it caters to the middle aged American palate. That being said, they do a great job with that. All of the usual suspects like combo plates with burritos, tacos, tostadas, tamales etc.. But also some dishes with nopales (cactus) and calabaza (pumpkin) to make some feel like maybe they're eating adventurously.What stands out the most here is that they are all about the freebies, and I think that's really what draws the crowd here. Heaping baskets of chips with endless bean dip and salsa. Fideo soup to start every meal (they even asked me if I wanted more) and they gave me a side of vegetables with my dinner for free. They also have free grilled onions and jalapeños. They ALSO honored some happy hour prices for some patrons at the table next to me even though happy hour was over to which those people exclaimed "now that's service!" No.. It's not.. You're just jerks, and they're just really nice. A server who couldn't honor happy hour prices when it's been over for an hour isn't a bad server.The fajitas are their claim to fame here, and while they are impressive upon delivery, I found them to be quite bland. The tall flame is a gimmick, but I think it's fun anyway. All of the food is solid.. But the check backs, friendly chatter, anticipation of your needs and presence of the servers without being overbearing is really impressive. Just don't come expecting something that your abuela used to make for you.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/17/2014,428,198,34,27,22>Monica LewinskyOk, so now that I have your attention, let's talk about Cafe Teaze. It's a cross between a boba shop and a Vietnamese coffee shop, to some extent. What the knockout for me is their plain milk tea, it is extraordinary. The tea flavor is unmistakably noticeable without being overwhelming. Cafe Teaze unquestionably makes some of the best boba in town. Soft on the outside with a slight chew on the inside, it is carried out to magnificence!Truthfully, The boba babes in their bikini's and lingerie's are another reason to pop in this budding enterprise. Not only do they look terrific, but they are welcoming and attentive. But please everyone, don't be a male copulatory organ and just come here just to look at the girls, order something like a drink or some food, it's still a business!!!So in conclusion:Knock! Knock!Who's There?Teaze.Teaze who?Teaze me!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,9/16/2014,383,150,9,9,12>Conveniently located right by the self parking of miracle mile. Enticing menu of unique spiked milkshakes.  I grabbed a quick Angry Orchard. I noticed the different flavored ketchup... Siracha, balsamic.... Hence the name!  Very cool. JENNIFER was bar-tending and she is AWESOME!  She put up with the drunk goofballs pretty well.  Very nice and she made us some delicious fruit loop shots!  Loopy Three Olives Vodka and ice cream. Wow! I've got to come back for the fireball milkshake.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,9/15/2014,420,186,15,18,19>WHO: To all of you Korean food wrapped in tortilla goodness lovers!WHEN: I'm not too sure when they open, but I do know they close at 9pm.WHERE: North Decatur, sooooo far but soooo good! =/WHAT: It all began one night at about 8pm. My friend and I were thinking of a new food place to try. This one suddenly popped in my head (not knowing where it was even located), I called to see if they were still open, turned on GPS, and then realized how far we were supposed to travel (we were coming from the Southwest side of town)... We ended up getting there around 840pm.. I pretty much felt bad bec I saw they were closing and 9pm... Yes, I was that customer... lolWhen we entered, there was a Korean lady who greeted us (I think she was one of the owners). I appologized about coming in and ordering super late. She said it was just fine, with a smile! =) We then looked through the menu, and I wanted everything!! She helped us choose and we ended up getting...-The Fusion burrito: which consisted of spicy pork & kimchi wrapped in a burrito. Sooooo good-Pork belly musubi: which was the special going on at the moment. Sooooo good!!We were then greeted happily & we went on our merry ways... I love that place! I need to go back ASAP. Like NOW!!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,9/14/2014,361,158,12,11,11>Believe it or not, Joshua B. introduced me to BOX. Haha on his behalf, let me just clarify he has not been here himself, just found it on Yelp and thought he would recommend :X It was definitely a good recommendation! I had a little trouble finding it at first. It's actually located upstairs of the market place in Tivoli Village. It was so fun exploring this area since I've never been here before. There's a bunch or art spaces, a small wine and cheese restaurant, a candy shop, and nestled in the corner you'll find BOX. If you're looking at the pictures provided on Yelp and looking out for this old antique vintage shop, you might have to look harder. Most of the images provided are of the waiting area deep inside of the shop rather than in the store front. Still having trouble finding it? Just locate B Sweet Candy Boutique and it should be just a few steps away.The receptionist warmly welcomes you with chips and some water after you've checked in and wait for your appointment. Something important to keep in mind is if you cancel 24hrs before the appointment they will still charge you for the service because they'll have your cc on file when you initially made the appointment.  If you ever been waxed, their services are very similar to The European Wax Center, and relatively same prices. What sets them apart however, is they offer male services. I KID YOU NOT! I've never seen a place that offered to ze... um how do I put this gently... uh.. whatever, i'm just going to come out and say it - ZE BALLS & SAC waxed. Cray cray!! I wonder if there's any men gutsy enough to reenact a 40 Year Old Virgin waxing scene, but down below?? Any takers? I'll treat you out just for having.. [waxed] balls! Lol!  Anyway I really enjoyed my services, my esthetician was very gentle with me and kept a good conversation from making it less awkward than the situation already presents itself as. And the decor just makes the experience even better. It's hard not to admire all their little unique vintage treasures!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,9/13/2014,337,189,11,15,15>Decided to have dinner here and catch up with a girlfriend of mine. Since it was conveniently located on Eastern between Silverado Ranch and Serene we both decided to eat here.Location is pretty good easy to spot it's in the same shopping center as Bjs restaurant.As we entered we were greeted with a happy smile with the staff in their authentic native thai clothing. The entire restaurant gave that Thai feel and the ambiance was amazing too as well. Not to loud and you can easily hold a conversation at your table without screaming.We ordered the Chinese broccoli with chicken which was delicious. Been loving the greens lately since i'm on a special diet.Next we also ordered the pineapple fried rice mixed with cashews, raisins , and pineapple literally served on a pineapple. Really awesome!.For another entree we ordered the Sea Bass which was to die for, it was incredible delicious, it better be it was pricey and from BangkokFor noddles we decided to have the Silver Noodle Salad, a bit too spicy for me but still really good.We were both kind of disappointed since the mango salad was not available. They only have it during mango season time,For drinks we had a lycee martini which was really good it did not even taste like alcohol and also Thai coffee.. bomb digidy also!For dessert we decided to have the fried banana with coconut ice cream! I really loved it! Specially the coconut ice cream, it tasted the same in Thailand.As far as authenticity of the food it tastes exactly the same in Thailand.I would love to go back to this place and suggest it to everyone. I also heard there is live entertainment on the weekends so I might go back and check it out.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,9/12/2014,454,392,9,15,11>We stopped in to try them for lunch. I am glad we did!  We were greeted immediately by the very friendly lady behind the counter.  She was over to get our drink order as we looked over the menu.   Everything she did, she did with a smile.  Our drinks were brought out quickly as was our lunch order.  They have great lunch specials that come with soup, rice and a crab rangoon.  Yum.  I had ordered the shrimp and broccoli with the brown rice. The shrimp were large and the broccoli was steamed to perfection.  Delicious.  The wonton soup that accompanied my meal was also fabulous.  Great flavor in everything I ate.  There is plenty of parking all around and their quaint little restaurant was very clean.  I was happy to finally try them! Thanks NY Chinese!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/11/2014,250,147,9,14,13>Great place... excellent selection of Tea, Spices, Oils, and other goodies.  Its been tough to find a good basalmic place in town and they allow you to sample their products.  I tried a few others and I haven't found flavors that were close to what I was looking for.  Tea selection is great.  Its like wine though... hard to know what you will like.  They have 3 teas to sample and they are very helpful.  Its nice that you can buy a small package and try a few to see if it fits your taste.  I'm a huge fan of tea and although I liked the almond Oolong, I'm not completely sold on it yet.  I'm still on a mission for a great tea of theirs. (Btw, True Foods and the coconut Oolong form Rishi are my favorites)I only wish that they were Organic... esp for the Oils.  I didn't have much time, but if you love cooking they have small packages of spices.  Its great that you can buy a little and see if you like it first.Great store... definitely worth your time.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/10/2014,188,132,8,13,12>Oh Happy Day! I walked around sprouts this morning like a kid in a candy store. The new location is clean, well stocked and has a great floor plan. It's a beautiful thing. The employees were helpful and even cheerful. The staff at the seafood counter was quick and courteous, packaging my fish selections while telling me about the current specials/deals. I really like that. I want to know what is fresh, what just arrived and what has been previously frozen. The produce section is vast and takes up the better part of the store. There are lots of options including a variety of organic selections. The prices are very reasonable. I haven't set foot in a Whole Foods since I discovered Sprouts (Sunflower Market) years ago. This is my go-to spot for veggies, fruit and bulk items. I love the bins of seeds and nuts. I prefer the raw options but they also offer roasted and salted selections too. Great store! I'm hooked and will definitely be a regular at this location.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,9/9/2014,319,231,11,13,14>Great and unique place for brunch on a late-Sunday morning! Came here as a suggestion from my friend who wanted the brunch atmosphere with the bluegrass music spin. Parking was a bit rough in the area and we ended up parking in a loading zone, but other people were parked there and it was a Sunday. Luckily our car was still there later :DI had the french toast - it was served with the syrup already poured on and not too sweet. I liked how the bread pieces weren't too thick and it was the perfect balance of fluffy and crispy. We also ordered the house fries that come with tasty takes on mayo and ketchup (slightly spicy). The fries were crisp and perfectly seasoned. My husband had the quiche which he claims to be the best quiche he's ever had (topping Bouchon's even - but not sure if I'd personally go that far). The rest of our party really enjoyed their entree choices and a few of us got the bottomless mimosas and bloody marys for $12. They even let one of our friends change between both drinks. They are very generous with their mimosa pours and even when I told them I was good after 2 cups, one of our servers encouraged me to just have a little more! They did run out of champagne and switched to bottomless white wine sangria, which I unfortunately didn't have room for. One of the proprietors came to talk to us and was super sweet and wanted to make sure we were happy with everything. I'll definitely be back for the sangria and all the entrees that got me hooked!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,9/8/2014,51,40,9,47,9>Protip: BUY the groupon!! 1 admission for $12; 2-people admission for $21; and 4-people admission for $42 as of 2/24/2014. Yes, it gets cheaper if you buy more. There is almost always a groupon going on for this place! Always check!! Beats paying $20 per person there. *ALSO* if you buy a groupon for 4 people, but you just want to go by yourself/just with one other person, they will write a coupon card with the remainder! This way you can use your remaining groupon visits each time you come in with the card! So go with a friend or by yourself, they're accommodating for whichever groupon you purchase!This is a korean spa tucked away on Sahara and Maryland. Not visible from the major streets. Ample parking.I absolutely adore this place! You walk in, pay, and you're free to enjoy the saunas or pay extra for their facials/other spa services they offer. If you've never been to an asian sauna, (I know I was confused) here's some helpful step-by-step tips:FIRST: After paying, they hand you a waterproof wristlet key for your locker; towels; baggy T-shirt + pants to change into for sauna. There's also disposable razor blades. Feel free to ask for extra towels and slippers! Some of the room floors are HOT. Trust. Go to your gender segregated room; take off your street shoes please!! Look for your real locker after the tiny shoe lockers. Deposit your stuff and bring any bath stuffs. Undress completely. Yes, it's one of those spas. You're nude. Get used to seeing other nude people as well. Haha.If you're body-shy, wrap yourself with your itty-bitty towel. Head to the shower place room past the lounge area with the sinks/mirrors. There's rows of showerheads/mirrors along with generic shampoo/conditioner/body wash dispenser in case you didn't bring your own tote. Pull up a stool and have fun manipulating the temperature. To get a hotter water temperature, just know there is a red button to push in as you slide it toward you. It's a safety measure. Can you say unlimited hot shower?!After, you can enjoy their 2 hot bath pools or their cool temp pool. Please don't go in without scrubbing/washing yourself proper! You're meant to go in nude for sanitation purposes. There's a dry sauna in this room as well.Head back to your locker and change to your baggy T-shirt and pants. As you're barefoot, marvel at how clean everything is or just wear the slippers you asked for at the front desk. Head upstairs for the co-ed saunas now! There's a café, lounge area with korean TV playing, and the sauna rooms. ROOMS: The clay ball room has giant tubs filled with tiny clay balls that are HOT as you get in. It is a bit noisy as you get in and out. Careful not to slip when you get out! The jade room is a room with large mats. Lie down with a friend, plug in your headphones, relax to the herbal-infused air here.There's a water dispenser where the food bar is. Be sure to drink plenty of cold water!! Plenty of fluids are lost when you're sweating this much.The red clay room is one of faves as well. Be warned, the floors are searingly hot as you step in. Clean house sandals/flip-flops are the way to go! The red domes each have a mat and a light control switch in there. It doesn't get too bright though. My friends and I play card games crammed in one dome haha. Easily the hottest room, sure to sweat your heart out. *Look for the wi-fi password listed outside this room!*FOOD: The café does have pricey food. I believe it comes with banchan (multiple korean side dishes like kimchi) with whatever meal you order. We normally get the hard-boiled eggs ($1 each) and the delicious sweet rice drink. Super refreshing. Hand them your key # and you pay when you return your key at the front desk.One of my favorite rooms is the frozen room. Small. Feels like sitting in a mcdonald's freezer, only without the gross frozen McRibs and the self-loathing. Very nice change of pace from sweating.After all that sweat, it's a good idea to head back downstairs, strip again (throw your sauna clothes in one of the large chutes), and take another shower. They also have standing showers at one end if you want a lighter shower. AMBIANCE: it's never super crowded whenever I go, especially during the weekdays. Very soothing. Quiet normally. Have a hangover? Stressed out? Come here. It's fun to go with friends. It's slightly awkward being naked around each other at first, but it's also a great place to bond, hang out, and have a girls' day. You know it's love when a friend scrubs your back! Also a fun date idea. My skin always feels amazing when I leave. Super affordable, fun, and a great experience! Absolutely my favorite place to detox and relax.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,9/7/2014,229,118,21,15,19>"I'm so fancyYou already knowI'm in the fast laneFrom L.A. to TokyoI'm so fancyCan't you taste this gold?Remember my name'Bout to blowTrash the hotelLet's get drunk on the mini barMake the phone callFeels so good getting what I wantYeah, keep on turning it up"The whole club went nuts over this song!Now for my review:What happens when one of your gay bff wants to go dancing on a Saturday night? You go! No one in our crowd was a fan of Krave and my bff suggested Share since it's his favorite one in town. Our group: A straight couple, my gay bff, two straight guys, and myself... WE ALL ENDED UP HAVING A BLAST!I lucked out and was able to get a parking spot behind the club; everyone else was parked on the streets. The bouncers at the door were friendly and told all of us to have a wonderful time with a genuine smile. The club is very clean since they handle spills immediately and there are staff walking around to pick up any cans/cups on the ground. The crowd is also very friendly with people actually apologizing when they bump into you. We got our drinks from the bar (about $10 each) and ended up in the middle of dance floor. I love this club purely for the fact that everyone is there to legitimately dance and I'm not talking about giving someone your ass, but DANCING! I dance battled a couple of gay boys and let me tell you, they had some moves! I sang along to all of the songs and danced the night away.To the man in the Obey hat and white tank top there on 05/24/14: I'm sorry that I kept blocking you when you tried to dance up on one of my boys, but trust me, he wasn't interested.Downstairs, there are a few poles for the beautiful male and female go-go dancers to do their thing and bottle-service tables are right next to them. There are even a few performances on the stage throughout the night so it gets switched up.Upstairs, this is where the private lap dances are held. However, we went up here to cool down and get drinks from the bar since it was so hot downstairs from all of the dancing.TURN DOWN FOR WHAT?!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,9/6/2014,135,529,8,25,11>Taking up residence where Ivan Kane's Forty Deuce used to be is the newest Speakeasy to hit the strip. There's something fun and exciting about entering through a secret door and needing a password to get in. I wasn't sure of the stats on the place, so I had called Mandalay Bay box office and the woman had no info to give me, I wasn't sure if we needed tickets prior, or if we purchase there, I then searched the actual 1923 website and didn't get any info there as well. I ended up speaking with concierge and she was the most helpful, this is the info I can pass along to others:*No cover charge for locals*$20 cover for non-locals *If you're interested in getting a table, you can email info@1923lv.com and they should get back to you within 24 hours.If you show up around 10p and get yourself a seat at the bar, you'll have a perfect view for the stage, the entire place only holds 150 people, and the place got packed really quick, there were no seats or anywhere to stand by 11. Holly Madison performs 3 times nightly, and the shows run from 11p-2a. Jazz band plays intermittently throughout the night as well as a house DJ. They have a small specialty cocktail menu, Pisco Sour included. Our bartender, Marvin, was able to create a cocktail off menu by us telling him what our likes are. They have a cigar room in the back and they also sell them at the bar. They do allow smoking in the lounge, and it did get pretty smokey between the cigarettes and cigars, so be warned. I loved the burlesque dancers, the 1920's inspired outfits of the cocktails waitresses and bartenders were classy, and the prohibition style cocktails were good. I'd for sure come back.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,9/5/2014,533,627,11,22,21>I enjoy museums. Unlike many of the monotonous college lectures that I sat through where I wished I was anyplace else, well-done museums are successful at making the exact subject entertaining and keeping my attention. A well-done museum tells a story. The Boulder City-Hoover Dam Museum tells a story of a hostile desert that through the hard work of Six Companies employees created an engineering marvel, lake, and commendable city. A couple of Saturdays previous (closed on Sundays) after having breakfast downstairs at the Restaurant in the historic Boulder Dam Hotel, I was up for this story.  This is a tiny museum large on substance. It sits in level two of the Boulder Dam Hotel. When you enter the Boulder Dam Hotel through the main entrance off Arizona Street, head for the staircase that is directly ahead and to the right of registration. But stop for a second. If you are hungry, to the left is the Restaurant. They serve a decent breakfast in a historical setting. After stopping for a second, you want to climb up the staircase to level two. At the end of the hall is the museum. When you walk down the hall, keep in mind that admission is $2 for adults. The Boulder City-Hoover Dam Museum is a square layout divided into separate rooms that correspond to the nine exhibits. These nine exhibits are the chapters of the story. It is a story told through signs with white letters on a gray background, maps, memorabilia, antiques, pictures, displays, the sound of hammering, and interpretive exhibits. The pictures that myself and fellow Yelpers posted showcase the exhibits. Walking into the museum counter clockwise, the story starts off as a desert region that is inhospitable to living in the era of the Great Depression. Walking deeper into the museum counter clockwise,  the story develops into the idea of turning the desert into a hospitable region.The seeds of the Hoover Dam is born. Suffering and perseverance are the themes. Exhibits display the suffering that newcomers experienced. The suffering exacerbated with the conditions of the Seven Companies employees when they labored to build the dam. The exhibits show in detail the suffering. Another theme of the story is a celebration of building the Hoover Dam. I learned amazing facts such as, "Engineers had calculated that if the dam were built in one piece, the heat produced by the setting concrete would take 125 years to cool." When I progressed through the museum, I was progressing through an education in Hoover Dam. The vintage exhibit is Lives on the Line. This is a room size diorama of Six Companies Workers constructing Hoover Dam. From here the museum focuses on the development of Boulder City. An interesting fact is that it was a company town that was supposed to be temporary. The exhibits continue the story with a map of the original Boulder City grid overlapped with today's Boulder City. The exhibits talk about the naming of Boulder City and the first City Manager. Additional exhibits help tell the story. As the museum concludes, the story has a surprising ending:" Today power from Hoover Dam plays just a small role in lighting up Las Vegas. The real benefit comes from Lake Mead, which supplies most of the water that has helped make the Las Vegas Valley one of the busiest, fastest growing areas in the country."  Regardless that this museum trails in size to the Clark County Museum and Nevada State Museum, color me impressed. It held my attention for the half hour that I spent there. I left with an education on the construction and history of the Hoover Dam and development of Boulder City. I recommend visiting this museum with a Boulder City or Lake Mead attraction. Or even part of a tour of the Boulder City Historic District. And if you visit it, I also recommend combining it with a breakfast downstairs in the Restaurant. I guarantee that when you leave the Boulder City-Hoover Dam Museum that you will gain more knowledge on Hoover Dam and Boulder City. And, knowledge is power!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,9/4/2014,821,451,19,29,25>if-their-shanghai-xiao-long-bao-is-the-only-item-on-their-menu-i-would-still-be-dropping-by-this-latest-chinese-restaurant-to-open-up-in-las-vegass-greater-chinatown-area-now-before-you-all-go-crazy-and-question-why-it-is-only-getting-4-and-not-5-stars-on-yelp-let-me-explainit-is-good-not-the-best-ive-ever-had-but-i-enjoyed-it-in-fact-after-my-unplanned-xlb-crawl-of-the-2-newest-restaurants-that-serve-it-to-open-up-on-the-west-side-i-can-say-a-k-chinese-restaurant-aka-heng-long-chinese-restaurant-if-going-by-their-name-on-the-credit-card-receipt-was-the-clear-winner-of-the-head-to-head-xlb-challenge-over-edamame-restaurant-on-wednesday-may-7th-2014-you-dont-have-to-take-my-word-for-it-though-what-i-think-is-good-could-be-that-is-the-worst-flavorless-blah-blah-i-have-ever-had-funny-random-thought-what-if-water-is-being-judged-right-nowanyway-seems-like-we-are-blessed-with-more-and-more-xlb-options-in-las-vegas-which-means-to-make-it-the-chefs-all-have-to-up-their-games-translation-consumers-are-the-winner-yayi-also-had-their-three-treasures-dumpling-12pcs-per-order-and-it-was-pretty-good-too-the-fact-they-hand-make-these-is-just-wonderfulon-my-first-visit-i-also-tried-their-pan-fried-pork-bun-8-pcs-795-if-you-go-by-yourself-this-item-alone-will-be-enough-to-send-you-home-with-a-full-belly-it-was-just-okay-the-doughy-bun-on-the-outside-is-thinker-than-what-i-have-had-in-taiwan-which-was-the-best-at-that-busy-night-market-so-maybe-not-fair-comparisonbeef-pancake-roll-795-decent-there-are-better-ones-i-have-had-within-a-2-mile-radiushot-purple-sweet-potato-juice-small-225-it-was-an-experience-to-try-this-it-is-basically-purple-sweet-potato-drink-not-really-sweet-but-a-creamy-dessert-alternative-beverageservice-overall-was-good-i-happened-to-have-been-there-when-they-were-not-busy-so-that-might-have-helped-too-plus-i-can-speak-enough-mandarin-chinese-to-get-by-in-restaurants-so-that-certainly-helpeddecorambiance-was-pleasant-music-playing-in-the-background-was-not-chinese-but-instrumentals-of-popular-american-songs-which-you-probably-wouldnt-even-pay-attention-to-unless-you-focus-on-itpricevalue-i-think-it-was-good-overall-note-this-is-not-your-typical-chinese-takeout-restaurants-i-must-admit-i-am-not-familiar-with-most-of-their-menu-offerings-because-i-am-not-at-all-an-expert-on-shanghainese-cuisine-but-they-also-described-their-cuisine-as-new-style-of-jiangsu-and-zhejiang-per-google-translate-which-is-still-like-hexcodes-to-me-but-come-for-their-xlb-and-if-you-are-adventurous-enough-you-can-explore-their-other-menu-itemsexpect-an-uye-for-xiao-long-bao-crawl-and-another-one-to-just-explore-this-restaurants-menu-yeah-i-am-definitely-gonna-need-backupbonus-love-that-american-express-is-accepted-along-with-other-forms-of-credit-card-payments-review-23-of-2014
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,9/3/2014,265,381,7,17,13>First a truck and now a cafe?! Good things are happening with Buldogi's. Also, it needs to be said: this is run by some of the nicest people. They always take care of us and will have our business.At the time of writing, it is in soft opening mode. Everything is half off. I think they close down this week around 2 or 3pm and only serve breakfast. I believe next week will be a lunch menu which includes more of their original menu from the Fort Apache location.If you've been to Buldogi's before, you already will know their lunch menu. A mix of gourmet hot dogs with extravagant toppings, some bowls, burgers, and a hangover soup. You should look up the Fort Apache location to get the reviews on that menu. What's new is breakfast!You've got an assortment of pancakes, waffles, french toast, and eggs. Sounds about right. There's even a Monte Cristo sandwich - which is French toast turned into a sandwich containing ham, turkey, eggs, and some jam. But then, the fusion starts.  The loco moco makes a comeback from the lunch menu, as well as the hangover soup. How about a mung bean pancake? Bulgogi and rice with eggs?We took two of the new additions on the menu and one familiar hangover soup.- Mung bean kimchi pancake. This is served with rice, two eggs, a side dipping sauce for the pancake, and a little cup of chopped cucumber and tomato. The pancake tastes great! Definitely something we haven't had before. It's dense, savory, and can be filled with either a few vegetable slices or pork belly. There is a weird lack of kimchi despite it being in the title. In terms of flavors and eating enjoyment, this is excellent. For value, it is not high (at normal price). To me, $11 is steep for the pancake's small size,  but I don't know if this is the final word. Especially for the area, it's going to be a tough sell. In thinking of points for increasing value - adding banchan!- Monte Cristo French Toast. This is your ham and turkey sandwich, topped with eggs your way and made extra rich via French toasting the bread slices. The bread is cooked fluffy and flavorful, while the whole sandwich is generally served warm topped with (as requested) a liquid yolk. It is indulgent. Very, very indulgent and deliciously so. There is just no way you aren't going to love this. There is a side of jam with it but I didn't find it necessary. Again, for $10 it is a little bit steep for just the sandwich. A few chips or fries on the side will really complete this.- Hangover soup: we already love this soup. It's basically a chicken noodle soup from Korea with mung bean noodles (correct me if I'm wrong) and a spicy, flavorful broth. Some spinach leaves float around and enjoy the ambiance of the pulled chicken. If you haven't had it, you're missing out.Service is in some ways the reverse of say, IHOP, where you eat and then bring your receipt to the register. You order/pay at the register and bring your number to the table. Your food will come out shortly! The new place is done up very nicely, especially for the area. Most things around here are just done on a tight budget.They're still working on smoothing everything out so an update to this will surely come - but for the time being go get your preview of the new cafe!
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,9/2/2014,1742,366,8,12,15>Ok so I have fallen in love with Jackson's bar & grill on Flamingo and Jones for many great reasons!Why you say...? Well it is easy to love because first of all the Service is Amazing, and that means a lot to Yelpers like myself. There are way too many spots to visit in LV so why would we go where the service is bad? Exactly and that is why I am now a loyal and now semi regular patron of Jackson's.The food is another reason I visit because they have a menu that is one of the best in town for a bar and grill. This last visit I had ordered the mild chicken strips appetizer because I had remembered how good it was the last time I went!I also decided on the Jalapeno poppers to split with a friend and what a great choice that was! These were filled with cream cheese and had the best batter on them, possibly like panko fried to a golden brown! This dish also comes with a delicious sweet chili sauce which was a nice addition to the already growing mouth orgasm I was in the middle of.I will have to try their prime rib special sometime because every time I go I am informed by other customer's that they have a very very very good prime rib din din!I will have to try it because if I recall a customer who was sitting next to made me promise her I would try it next time lol.  I can't go back on a promise, so...lolOk so now that I have confirmed that the service and food is truly fabulous. Let's get to the Bar which is why we come in the first place for a nice drinky drink...right? BARTENDER BILLY IS THE BEST!I go on Thursday nights to meet my friends at midnight because we get to see Billy who is the most Awesome bartender around. His drinks are yummy, he has a fantastic personality and his bar skills and great attitude can't be beat!I have stopped by the last three Thursdays in a row, I am slowly becoming a regular and who do I have to thank for that...Billy lol.Jackson's is Awesome and if I could kiss the Owners I would because they knocked this one out of the ball park!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/1/2014,218,145,7,34,14>If your reading this your already missing out!!Bookmarking Vila a few weeks back I finally got here to an empty restaurant! I thought it was a little strange, that was until we met the Lubka!!! That's where our experience took off!!! After being sat and shown the menus we decided to go with all recommendations from the waitress and owner.Starting off with some great house made sangria we ordered the Portuguese Chorizo and Snails! Wow..... These 2 starters we're simply brilliant, full of flavor and cooked to perfection. Highly recommended!!!For our mains we ordered Portuguese Steak and Paella Portuguese style. Both were great, my favorite  had to be the Paella. It seemed a little like a southern style dish I've had before just with out the spice.Now this is where Vila Algarve shines from the menu Desert: Mascarpone and Home Make Cake.... I don't know how to explain these 2, other than Epic!!!! I'm dead serious Epic!!! Texture, flavor and simply outstanding!! I would also like to say Vila is a very kid friendly restaurant with High chairs and a small menu for kids. The staff were fantastic with my one year old. Also they said they encourage people to bring along there little ones.Also after 8pm they have some nice love music. I did say at the start of this review it was empty, once 7p came around the place started filling up quick.This restaurant is going to take off!!! Having a very international staff and grounding in what it takes to make genuine European food, Vila Algarve is high end food with group and family like atmosphere...5 stars
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/31/2014,2581,216,8,19,13>One sentence... IT'S WORTH THE MONEY. Lifetime fitness is truly a way of life, not just a gym. With three stories of endless equipment, classes, and a rock climbing wall you will find everything you need here. My boyfriend and I recently joined and have spent a vast majority of our free time using all lifetime has to offer. With two pools (one inside and one outside) a health cafe, various fitness classes (i live to practice yoga) and numerous machines it's very easy to spend the day here. I recently have been using the steam room as well. It's infused with eucalyptus... Need I say more?My personal trainer Emily has been amazing as well. I'm really enjoying our sessions and the results.I highly recommend this place to anyone. The price of $144 a month is a little steep for some but making that commitment make me want to work out even harder. If you're looking for a gym in the summerlin area this place is worth a trial.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,8/30/2014,201,75,11,22,16>Japanese Curry on the east side?!  If you live or ever been in the area, you know that there are only fast food joints and taquerias around.  It's nice to have something different.  I was super excited when it first opened!  I ordered katsu curry to go and the owner is really nice!  He explained how to reheat the curry so I have the same consistency at home (fyi, you add a little bit of water and heat it up in the microwave.)  You can get your curry in either, mild, medium, or hot.  My second time trying it, I bought one of each and found hot to be the most flavorful, without being nose dripping spicy.  I saw some chili powder near the counter, so you could add some more heat while dining in.  They now have pickled radish!  It adds a nice texture and taste to the curry.  The curry is comparable to the ones in Chinatown, considering where it's located.  Out of the four curry spots I've had in Vegas, this place ranks second in my book.  Which is pretty good!  Support the nice man's business instead of going to McDonalds.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,8/29/2014,266,85,11,14,14>There's watching a movie and then there's WATCHING A MOVIE. This, my good friends is one of the latter. This theater was the first in galaxy theatres attempt to change movie watching in Vegas and dare I say, it's been successful. This in one of the few stand alone, but it's ideally located next to several  restaurants so dinner and a movie works perfectly. There's also several bars if you prefer happy hour and a movie( it's ok, I don't judge) if that's not enough, they have a full bar, including wine if you want to feel fancy and a full hot dog bar that rivals pinks. This is all a prelude to the actual experience: watching the movie that you paid your sweet 11 dollars for. Watching movies is amazing, every seat is a nice comfy recliner with a full food tray. They way the seats are set up there's no bad angle. I've gotten so comfortable I've even slept off. I've never had a bad experience here with the staff, they're always smiling and seem to realize that people are coming to the movies to have a good time. Mad props and in the words of Ah-nuld "I'll be back"
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,8/28/2014,693,1125,12,18,16>I almost don't want to write this review and be stingy with this special place, yet I want to also burst and tell someone "Hey, LISTEN!" We found our cigar home. This place is leaps and bounds above the rest and I can prove it. First, let me tell you the bad. Okay, it's in a industrial area between the strip and downtown. I don't care, but maybe some of you snoots do. This means cigarzens from areas not as lucky as us with stock can easily come here though. Second, is their hours are office hours. Mon- Fri, 10am - 6pm. This place really is their head offices that they decided, why not make a humidor and a place for people to hang out? Often I find places that don't "need" the business, but do it out of love do it best. They outfit several stores along the strip, have a co-ownership in Casa Fuente, own Rhumbar (also cigar friendly!), Tacos&Tequila, and soon will be opening more. So the humidor is pristine and one of the most meticulously cared for. I love the spacious layout, a few people can be in there and not have to maneuver around each other uncomfortably. Everything in it is lined up just so, not a stick out of place or damaged, no unattractive stacking of boxes and clutter everywhere as there is a secondary humidor for stock. Jason switches up the humidity based on the seasons and keeps it in the low to mid 60's which is the sweet spot really for longevity. The A/C system keeping the humidors going is its very own so nothing but clean air is getting in there. They have a advanced purification system for the water used which accounts for lack of a humid smell in there  but also so there isn't this "film" on items from using janky Vegas water to humidify. The blowers and system were picked for the way it could be maintained and control it from fluctuating. It kinda blew my mind to be explained the differences between systems and why they do it this way. I love when people go the extra mile for the better result. Here, it shows and it's a beautiful thing. Now the actual product.  I almost don't want to tell you what kind of rarities and gems pass through these doors so I won't name names, just that there can be some surprises.  If I find they keep running out of stock all of a sudden, I will find you and yell at you for being greedy. Please don't be hoarding 50 boxes of something super rare  just because you can bankroll it. Community respect, specially since I'm telling you a community secret. There is variety, but not ridiculous amounts - it's well curated. The kicker is the pricing. These are the best prices anywhere. I got a certain something something for cheap here that normally is jacked up due to it's rarity for under $20. I love the mentality here that just because it's rare doesn't mean it justifies being flipped for way above retail. The pricing is fair across the board, no matter what it is. The same cigar I saw at another store in town for $50.I think it's clear we are fans of the dude that runs it, Jason. He's humble and easy going, but talk to him long enough and it'll be clear there isn't a cigar you can really stump him on. There is comfy seating so do stay and smoke. Bring your own drink, snack, etc. since you might be here a while.. Jason will probably chat you up, but there are always people in here passionate about cigars hanging out. If you want to meet people who are deep in the hobby, this would be the place. A lot of important people in the hospitality industry come to sit at these chairs as well on their lunch break. Even though theres always cigars going, it never gets to be thick with smoke nor reek of tobacco smell as its very well ventilated. You can even catch sports games since they always have the TV on, with the volume kept low. We sat there and I was comfy as I enjoyed my stogie. Sure, it's a office building essentially so not the well oiled digs of a swank looking cigar lounge, but the company and comfy vibe cannot be beat. It feels like hanging out at home, if you made your office into a cigar den.I know we will be regulars, we absolutely love it here and will make this part of our day off ritual. Whether you want to smoke a cigar, but never have or a seasoned aficionado- this is a place that will please. Come find me, I'm sure we'll be here.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/27/2014,1421,143,19,24,23>Afternoon with my daughter who was feeling under the weather and decided some good hot tea would be a good remedy...of course a honey toast wouldn't hurt either :) The cool Asian hipster coffee bar is a nice change from our usual Starbucks stop.Plenty of seating with power strip along window tables and walls to encourage plug ins.A small dessert display with a few tempting treats left. Menu is hand written in chalk and prices are mom & pop shop prices... $7 for a pot of tea...hmmm this better be good.Be sure to download the Epoxy app, it works as a mobile stamp card. You get 1 free after 9.My daughter ordered a pot of hot Fiji tea. It is brought out to our table in a pretty glass pot with a tea light holder. Fragrant green tea with delicate notes of papaya and pineapple. Soothing warm comfort, but a bit extravagant at $7.I wanted something cold so I got the green SerenADE. It comes in a cute bottle with a cork cap and the most refreshing drink of green grapes. Why is this drink not on more menus?? It is like drinking summer in...so light and an "ahhh" in every sip! I would definitely get this over and over again. I can't wait to try the red SerenADE made with red grapes.The honey toast was a legendary Yelp favorite that had me drooling as soon as I saw the pictures. Heck yes we were trying it!! Fluffy bread, vanilla ice cream, honey, butter...these are 4 of my favorite things. It was good...really good. Toasted cube of bread with a buttery soft center and a big scoop of vanilla ice cream with the added gooey goodness of honey drizzled all over. Yes, this was a sugar overload but my sweet tooth took over and then all that was left was a small puddle of vanilla ice cream among scraps of bread. I think my daughter managed to get some lol. We came home and both sugar crashed.My wife got jealous we went without her, especially after seeing our pictures. So like the good wife I am, I will make the sacrifice and take her this weekend :)
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,8/26/2014,903,497,14,19,18>Was in the Hendertucky area so I gotta take advantage of one of my bookmarks and it definitely did not disappoint!I was greeted by a nice lady as soon as I came in. I told her that I was a first timer and that  I was gonna need a few minutes. She smiled and said there was no rush. Right away I felt comfortable being there.While looking over all the wonderful creations they made, she explained to me that the items on the left side were refrigerated and needed to be consumed right away or put in a fridge if you are going home at once. The ones on the right can be stored at room temperature.So I went with the Cannoli and the Blueberry Crumb Cake. I havnt had a good Cannoli in a while and it was a supposed refrigerated item so down the pipe it went. The Blueberry Crumb Cake was gone as soon as I brought it home. Both were delicious and the family was wondering why I didn't get more than I should.Overall, I liked what I saw and ate. Some negative things to mention would be that the parking is limited to the street and just the fact that its kind of drive to Hendertucky coming from North Las Vegas. If you are in the area, it's a nice stop for you sugar addicts.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #93
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,8/25/2014,282,125,6,14,9>Hmmm, reading through some of the recent reviews, I wonder why some people would give this place 3 stars or under. I feel, if you're going to rate somewhere and it be a deterrent to others to visit, you should have better reasoning other than the petty reasons people are listing. Just because you're having a bad day isn't a good enough reason to give a shitty review. Base it off of the food, service, cleanliness, etc. If you're in a bad mood, I'm pretty sure you're going to try to find the shittiness in everything - even though you shouldn't. I liked this place a lot. The service was fast and friendly and the food was very good. I would say that the prices are a little above my liking and that's the only reason I won't go here as often. But, I will pay extra when I want good pizza. I hate most American chains and I don't ever order from them. I don't care that it's cheaper.We had - Milano Pizza - it's their version of a white pizza. It was probably the best I've had in town. Very garlicy but they always are, and I dig me some garlic. Highly recommended if you like garlic too. Half pepperoni/half sausage and olives. It was very good. Sauce was perfect, crust perfect and toppings were very good. The only thing is there was a hell of a lot more olives than sausage, but I'm not picky. I love both. Hot wings - very delicious. Their buffalo sauce is very good here and it had the perfect amount of spice. They fried them perfectly. It wasn't too thick of breading, it was light and crispy.I would highly recommend if you're in the area or if you tire of the normal pizza joints. Overall, it's an awesome pizza place and sometimes, it's just worth paying extra money for better pizza.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,8/24/2014,238,101,11,14,13>Let me start by saying that I've never taken a dance class in my life! I've tried Zumba in the past and was unsuccessful. :) I love coming here! The classes, are never the same! Like most gym classes that every time you go it's the same routine for a certain amount of time and then they change. It's one reason I don't enjoy the gym. I like different and this is what I get here! I've taken several Hip Hop Hustle classes, a PiYo class which is a mix of Pilates & Yoga, JamX, Sha'Bam, Turbo Kick and tonight was Broadway! The instructors build each layer of the routine and move on when your ready! They get so excited when the routine comes together! This has been a great experience so far and I cannot wait to check some of the other classes that they have to offer!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,8/23/2014,194,164,8,9,8>Ah, Ichiza. I gotta give it up, yo. It's most certainly always a good time when I roll through and I have no problem bringing friends to enjoy in your delectable delights. As some of my good friends know, I have this love-love relationship with  Japanese food and anytime the option presents itself to get my grub on, I am sure to follow through. Ichiza is one of those spots that I usually don't frequent too often like I do other Japanese establishments but if I have a pretty good sized group gathered willing to drink some beer or sake and have some small plates to accompany, this is usually my go to.  As far as food goes, I usually hit up the specials menu to start off the night.  Last time I stopped in, they had shigoku oysters, chu-toro, and kohada (as you can tell, I love me some SEAFOOD!.. or if you don't, google it heehee) on the special menu for the day and I delightfully ordered it up. The special menu rotates daily (?) so be sure to check it out whenever you stop in as it changes and presents some new stuff upon each visit.  From the regular menu, I am always happy to suggest the oyako don chicken bowl, ikayaki whole grilled squid, and the uni in ponzu sauce (if they still have any in stock).  I always round it out with some sunomono cucumber or wakame seaweed salad to make my meal somewhat complete and to my definite satisfaction.  Not a big dessert guy but gotta give a shoutout to the honey toast here; definitely a fan favorite.Tip: look at the menu posted on the wall as some of it is not mentioned in the menu; if you have a big group, go early to get a table in before your patrons fully arrive to grub; and be sure to check out some of the bottled stuff aside from the house sake and beer as they have some tasty items chillin' in the backEnjoy!!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,8/22/2014,230,576,5,8,11>I like Norm's Eggs café because they have breakfast and lunch. They have different lunches you don't normally find at a breakfast café . I've had their Curry and Kalbi for lunch when I came here on two occasions. The curry and Kalbi are okay . It isn't the best I have had but it will do in a pinch. The curry wasn't spicy enough and the Kalbi was a little tough but I 'm happy the choices were on the menu. This is also the first place I 've been to in Vegas that has fresh coconut  water...right out of the shell! If you go Monday thru Friday there are typically coupons you can find in mailers which makes the breakfast or lunch a steal!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/21/2014,224,227,7,11,7>I'm in love with this place.Decided to hit up this place with Alma C. before the Yelp Elite Event. Ha. We were hungry. Defo hungry. Ordered the following items:Peking duck with scallion pancake - MUST ORDER! Ok the duck already has taste to it so DO NOT dip it in to the sauce, it gets a weird taste. Eat the duck and the scallion pancakes by itself.Curry crab dumplings - interesting, but not memorable. I can't even remember the taste of it.Pepper glazed chicken wings - just the right amount of glazness! Three pieces of chicken. Good amount.Ramen - ok, this was a bad idea. It was too salty.I'm definitely in love with this place. Especially our cook came out to check up if we're enjoying the food. Good service. I would love to marry the cook (Alexa).
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,8/20/2014,83,156,4,13,8>Such a great place to come for PT. I currently come here for an ongoing injury (broken kneecap). I found the staff in the front friendly, and laid back. They have a great sense of humor as well: when you are working through pain to build strength, a little humor in the physical therapist's office, could be just what you need!My physical therapist, Derek, is great. He did my initial assessment and oversees the exercises and workouts. I always leave feeling much better than I did and it's great to finally feel like I'm actually getting a workout and progress.The facility is super clean, and they have state of the art equipment. Everything is new and well maintained. I really love being able to use the Pilates machine. It gives me a great workout with my existing injury. Already after 7 sessions, I have incredible strength back, and my level of pain is greatly reduced. Thank you Derek, Reggie, Serena, Sierra, and all the staff here! You are all so patient, funny, and kind.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,8/19/2014,88,180,3,10,9>Woke up to a text from a friend yesterday telling me to go try this place and let him know how it is. And yesterday was so crazy windy the foodie fest shut down for the day so why not?They've got a number of different hotpots to try. Between #1 and #2 I went with the seafood and tofu hotpot while my friend went with the other one. The last time I had hotpot was at boiling point in Cali and I was disappointed with mine. This had the right amount of napa cabbage for me not to get annoyed with. I felt like they weren't trying to take my money with mostly cabbage. It was a great combination of different seafood items and meat :D. Also had a piece of crab and two pieces of shrimp. Looking forward to other crazy random chilly days to try it out. Not that you have to since the AC feels like it's cranked up so it's pretty cold in there (for me since I get cold really easily). Definitely coming back soon to try the other pots. My server, Sae, was such a sweetheart. She's great, sociable, and such a sweetheart. She found things of interest to talk about that didn't make me feel like you're just trying to make small talk for the heck of it. She was genuine. It's not always credit card friendly so be prepared with cash just in case. Cash only the second time around, too. :(
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,8/18/2014,162,72,5,13,11>I come here for celebrations because they can accommodate large parties. Why isn't this place more popular? It's so pretty inside and their sushi is not bad. The only complaint I have is that they pack their rice balls so tight for the nigiri. I think they do it to make it look like there is less rice but I'd rather them not because it makes it so much harder to chew each piece. The appetizers and non sushi items are great here. My favorite is the crispy rice with spicy tuna! So good. Another favorite is the rib eye steak. Medium rare is the way to go. It's served as a thin slice on a wooden platter with some dipping sauce on the side. Service is great here. We had a party of 17 so they were prepared and took our orders by table. It was pretty organized. They were able to split the bill a couple times for our convenience. The staff is very friendly and welcoming. No complaints on customer service!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/17/2014,154,668,11,12,11>It's been a few years since I first rolled in and tasted a Grits Bowl with pork.  Fast forward a few years as the Breakfast Club was prepping to assemble..The question is pitched...."Where we gonna eat?"  And so it was Gritz.Located across the street from the FBI building, you blink and you just might miss it.  If located, Gritz is small, clean and takes on home cooking in a simple yet sophisticated manner.It's at the counter ordering and this includes the drinks.  When the cup (containing coffee) run empty, head to the counter.  The staff is friendly and accommodating.I ordered up the biscuits and gravy, each topped with a country sausage gravy and comes with two eggs (any style).  The biscuits were soft and the gravy divine. There is just enough to satisfy without saturating your plate.  Upon further reflection there is just enough gravy to keep you from going and ordering another batch, even though deep down inside you want to put yourself into a gravy coma.NOW..for the name sake minus a slight change in spelling.  The grits are the best I have ever had.  They are of perfect consistency all the way through.  They do not convert to a slushy cream of wheat mixture the further down the bowl you go.  PLUS-you can add grits toppings for an additional 75 cents each.  Those toppings are cheese, bacon, mushrooms, onions or jalapeños.  I had cheese and bacon.....it was awesome.The plasticware kind of sucks as I flicked a piece of biscuit in my hair BUT I get how it can keep cost down.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,8/16/2014,350,281,9,13,12>I'm not sure why it took me years to try Vintner Grill but I'm glad I finally did. I've been back a couple times since for dinners, and drinks and appetizers, and each time was a unique and a great experience. During warmer days and evenings, I highly suggest sitting outside because they have a beautiful patio. Some of the sitting areas are close to the fire pit, while others are more secluded and would provide some privacy if that's what you are looking for. The inside of the restaurant is also really elegant and nice. It reminds me of an upscale restaurant in Miami because of the predominately white furnishings. Food here is fresh and made with care. The standouts I can recall are: -The bread and butter for the table is amazing. -Cheese and cured meat platter - You choose from a list of meats and cheeses, including their in-house homemade cheeses (if available), and they serve it with dried fruits and jams. -Lamb ribs appetizer is delicious quite a large portion for an appetizer.-Octopus - Perfectly grilled and seasoned as a salad. -Pork Belly - who doesn't like thick cut bacon?-Beets with Lavender Goat Cheese - Love floral in food! I would certainly come back anytime for a glass of wine and appetizers with good friends.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/15/2014,641,253,13,17,20>4.5!!!!I had been wanting to try Soho forever since the reviews look great but never really got around to it.. So when my gfffffff told me I definitely should try it out because she loved it, I dragged my mom there to grab an early dinner.. We actually came during Happy Hour so that was an added bonus! There was a about a 10 minute wait because a large party had just left so the tables had to be broken down..no biggie! But when we were sat it was almost like we were forgotten.. Our server ended up being Sheila who was just fantastic! She was so sweet and informative. Definitely suggest sitting in her section!-HH Cold lychee sake - served in a nice sake glass.. Not too sweet and went down smooth.. I really liked how Sheila would refill my sake cup since that is not something that is practiced at all neighborhood sushi joints..-HH Tostadas- the yellowtail, salmon and tuna ones were so good and fresh! The kimchi Tako one was a little on the salty side.-HH Firecracker- I usually don't like deep fried rolls but this one was good and not oily!-HH spicy tuna roll & salmon avocado roll.. Fish was fresh but the rice was a bit too sweet-HH hydro bib black cod- 2 in one order.. My mom loved these.. Don't know if you're supposed to eat it like a lettuce wrap but that's what she did lol-Ume scallop- so fresh and delicious with a little bit of yuzu, tobiko and salt... mmmmmM the cilantro goes perfect with it as well-Yuzu Soy Yellowtail- at the end of the meal Sheila brought out this dish on the house since it was our first time and this is their signature dish (they did this for my gfffff too). The fish was good but it was way too cold almost like it was just defrosted.. I really appreciate them bringing out this dish for us and it says lots about their customer service! I will definitely be back! HH is awesome and their lunch specials look good too!HOT TIP: if they don't give you a cool sushi pen at the end of your meal.. Ask for one!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,8/14/2014,390,337,10,15,13>I have been wanting to go here after 4 years.It's been a number of factors as to why I hadn't gotten around to it, but with a belated Valentine's dinner (due to my work schedule), I finally got to experience the restaurant.I can honestly say that it is one of the finest dining experiences that I've had in Vegas.The place is extremely "Old Vegas".  It just looks it.  It just feels it.  From every facet of the building.  Ambient with low lighting, it looks like a little French cottage on the inside.  The waiters wear tuxedos, and refer to their boss as "Chef".  The pacing of everything is leisurely (not that you should rush it - clear your schedule for the next two hours to get the best experience, as European dining is not rushed as it is).Keifer was our server.  You want Keifer.  Keifer will take great care of you.The missus and I got the tasting menu, a five course experience that is... well, let me explain it better through the food.Course 1: Crudites.  Not a salad, but a big bucket of various fresh vegetables with a Dijon vinaigrette.  Everything tasted garden fresh and was plentiful.Course 2: I tried a pastry filled with various seafood, and covered in some amazing sauce.  The missus has escargot.  Both were devoured instantly.Course 3: Granite. French sorbet doused in champagne.  I nearly cried at this point.  Between three excellent courses, and the prospect of two more, I think I discovered that Heaven was actually a kitchen.Course 4: I got the prime beef.  The missus got the duck breast and leg.  The beef  sliced like butter upon contact with my knife, and came with fries and this rich gravy.  The duck was incredibly sweet and moist.Course 5: I got dark chocolate mousse.  The missus got the creme brulee.  The mousse was rich and delicious.  You could just taste the cream in the brulee.All of this went with wine, of course.The tasting menu does offer other selections (check the website), just so you know.  The service was impeccable.  The music selections for the atmosphere were appropriate.  I got exactly the experience that I wanted from this restaurant.  This really is one of the "Top 3" dining places that I've experienced in Vegas.There are meals that are simply made, and then there are meals that are crafted.  Pamplemousse understands and respects food as an art form.If you have not been as of yet, set aside the money and time to go.  I often make glib, witty comments about places I venture to, but I can only say this for here: Go.  Just go.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/13/2014,155,528,5,10,5>I was fortunate to receive an invite to BLT Steak, the newest restaurant at Bally's Las Vegas. Our table for four wasn't quite ready for us, so we grabbed a drink at the bar. Our bartender happily suggested one of their signature cocktails with basil and watermelon. It was mighty refreshing, slightly sweet and herbaceaous. I enjoyed it, but the overall crowd pleaser was their take on the Long Island Iced Tea. It was refreshing, with some bite. Just what I like in a cocktail. In addition to cocktails, they offer top shelf liquors, bottled beers and varied selection of wine. Prices range $8-$15 for most libations.Once seated we were given an amuse bouche of pate and jelly, with toasts. It was a lovely presentation, but a bit rich. Later came the popovers that just might have made BLT famous. These monsters are light and airy, simply perfect with a pat of butter and pinch of salt. The egginess couldn't help but remind our group of Yorkshire pudding.The menu offers seafood and poultry, but you must try the steaks ($20-$60). They are aged (mostly dry), broiled and finished with herb butter. We had the filet and bone in NY strip. Both had beautiful crust and were cooked to a perfect medium rare. More juicy and tender than you might expect. They offer sauces to accompany the steaks for a few bucks, but we agreed we liked the steaks on their own best. Though, the horseradish that came with the three mustards was the favorite. We also had the 2 pound lobster which had a lovely presentation, great flavor, it was delicate and tender; the trouble was there wasn't enough meat to it.The sides ($10-$13) were heavy on taters, you could have them six different ways. We opted to try a variety, we shared onion rings, potato skins, hen of the woods mushroom, and caramelized brussels sprouts. We found the sides, with the exception of the brussels sprouts - now, those were delicious - to be the weakest link of the meal. We thought they were too basic, we expected a twist that would elevate your traditional onion ring or potato skin, but nope they fell flat.Dessert ($10) was really decadent! Portions are large and good for sharing. We had the crepe souffle, warm chocolate tart, peanut butter chocolate mousse and mini doughnuts. The passion fruit sauce on the crepe would've been better served as a drizzle. It was cloying and overpowering. The tart was more of a lava cake, but the pistachio ice cream was wonderful. The PB and chocolate mousse was rich and heavenly, though, I didn't care for the banana ice cream pairing. The doughnuts were light and similar to churros and I really enjoyed the coffee ice cream.Overall, it was a great meal. The staff, while warm and welcoming, still have kinks to work out, but in time they should be operating a well run ship. Rumor has it, the Sterling Brunch will return.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,8/12/2014,183,95,9,15,8>Located across the Charleston campus, Moko is a contemporary tapas restaurant with a few unique Korean-inspired selections. I thought the concept was intriguing but to be frank, I didn't know what to expect. Kimchee tacos maybe? The cross-culture tapas menu is definitely trending these days so needless to say, I was excited to try it out. As soon as you walk in, there's a bar at the corner, which is nice because I don't recall any bars in the area. If you attend CSN or happen to be around the area and need a quick fixer, this seems like a good location. I mean they have Fat Tire on tap, which is awesome and my favorite :) Because it was a soft opening, I had a chance to chat with the chef, who used to work at a restaurant at the Wynn. Like most tapas menu, it is inspired to feature 'socialize food' that is best suited with wine or a beer. With that being said, let's get to the food!For the most part, you can find what you would expect from a regular tapas restaurant, with chicken wings or veggie choices, so it's really not that unusual. However, there are a few unique ones such as the Beef Tataki that comes with a homemade Moko sauce, which is seriously addictive. Highly recommend! My favorite, and probably the best example for the Korean-inspired dish, is the Black Bean Noodles, which is called Jjajangmyun. It's pretty simple, just egg, noodles and black bean sauce but it was one of the best I've had. I liked the menu because it had selections that's unique such as the Beef Tataki and others that's more filling like the Black Bean Noodles.As for price, I thought it was fair considering the quality of the dish. However, if you're really hungry, the bill can stack up, but that's pretty much a given in any tapas restaurant! They are aiming to create a more experiential and enjoyable atmosphere, which I can totally get, just give me a glass of wine! :) It's a great place to swing by after work or to have a drink with someone that is slightly more intimate than usual, especially in its proximity. All in all, I was very impressed by the overall presentation and selections. I'm excited to see how the restaurant evolves as they continue to work on their menu!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,8/11/2014,101,96,6,10,9>Burger joint that just opened in the palms so you know I had to try it. Walked up and grabbed a seat at the bar and ordered to go. The bartenders were really nice and helpful. My coworker told me to try the buffalo chicken burger. So I order that, no tomatoes. The gentleman that took my order was super nice. Asked me about me day and what department I worked in, all the good stuff. What I like most is it's a new place and it smells clean. There was staff everywhere I turned and they were helping each guest, asking how the food was and also if they needed anything else. I think they asked me if I wanted water like 3 times. Anywho, they also have patio seats and it will probably be packed when they open the pool.Back to the food... I got my burger and left to eat at my desk. It was good but I feel like it could have been a little better could use some more buffalo sauce, otherwise the celery and blue cheese was awesome! It was in the burger, something different and I liked it. May be a little pricy, $11 per burger. We shall see how long they last.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,8/10/2014,92,607,10,10,12>What a great brunch!I am so not a morning person, otherwise I would brunch more often.  Since this was a special occasion, I rolled out of bed and met our group at The Venetian for breakfast.There were 15 of us!  You'd think that the service might be lacking because of this, but that wasn't the case.  Our server was awesome, our drinks were always full and everything was great.  No easy feat with a large group.The restaurant is very cute.  It's pretty big, and they also have a patio.  Next time I want to sit out there.I found the food prices to be very reasonable, especially for the quality of the ingredients and the portion sizes.  However, I do think their beverages are overpriced.  $12.50 for a small bloody mary? I know this is the Strip, but that's crazy.  My waffles were only $12!That aside, the food was fantastic! We started out by sharing some of the pastries and the beignets du jour (choice between raspberry or cinnamon sugar).  The beignets were larger than I expected and very good.  They came served with a thick chocolate dipping sauce and jam on the side.  Definitely worth the $7!The special of the day was crab hash with summer vegetables and topped with 2 eggs.  Quite a few people in our party ordered this, and it seemed like everyone enjoyed it. I had the "Gaufres au Levain," which was sourdough waffles topped with fresh strawberries and served with maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla bean butter (OMG!).  These were quite possibly the best waffles I've ever had - and only $12! There were 4 small(ish) waffles and it was plenty of food.  I would definitely order these again.I would definitely go back for another brunch at Bouchon - it was dangerously close to 5 stars!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/9/2014,620,206,7,12,16>I was at Drai's for the grand opening of their pool, it was wonderful! Since it was opening day I didn't want to be down below and part of the crazyness. We had a daybed on the second floor landing. It was circular and had it's own pool. It looked down on the main pool and cabanas and was a perfect vantage point. The bottle service menu pricing was fairly standard but interestingly it had "spray bottle" packages. It's so VEGAS lol. The view of the Bellagio fountains going off while everyone is partying is pretty cool too.Bottom line: I had an awesome day here with friends and can't wait to go back soon. I love Miami, but where Vegas has Miami beat is in the pool party department. Drai's adds to that advantage.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,8/8/2014,178,143,8,11,10>I found this place thanks to Yelp! My husband and I wanted to go to a place with my Dad and it needed to be on his side of town. When I read the reviews, I knew we would love this place and I was right!I ordered the Southern Fish with fries and Joel ordered the Chicken and Waffles. We both shared some chili cheese fries as well. The prices are great. For both of us, with drinks, it came out to under $20. My Dad ordered the same as me and spent under $6. You get several pieces of fish and the cornmeal breading is so full of flavor. I thought mine was great, but Joel's chicken... Wow! I wanted to rip it away from him. I wanted to order more chicken just for myself, but I was so full from the fish! His waffle was cooked crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Now let's talk about those chili cheese fries. They came in a large to go container smothered in chili and cheese! What more could you ask for! YUMMY!The only down side is that there is no bathroom, but they do have a sink so you can wash all the tasty goodness off in. Also, be prepared to wait 'cause they cook everything to order. Which is totally fine in my book! Yes, Sunny's, I will for sure be back for lots and lots of chicken!! What a great gem to have found! Thanks Yelp! You rock!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,8/7/2014,154,7,23,25,25>I've been to STK Las Vegas several times, and it never disappoints.  Although I've heard about people having reservations and them not being honored in a timely fashion, I've personally never experienced it.  In fact, we actually had reservations for 7:30pm, we called to move it back to 8:30pm and they gladly accommodated that request.  Well, we called again to have the reservation moved back once again and that was accommodated as well, with no hesitation.  To make this short, we called again and ended up with reservations for 10:30pm.Upon our arrival we were promptly taken to our table and the server immediately asked whose birthday it was.  I know it isn't much, but that little attention to detail from the notes in my reservation was pretty awesome.  Most places actually never catch that.Now on to the food.  I had the 7oz Filet Mignon with Truffle butter and it was delicious.  The steak literally melted in my mouth, and the fact that I like my meat very, very well done says a lot.  Their creamy Yukon Potatoes we also on point and very tasty, however, their truffle fries were pretty bad.  That being said, the service and the rest of the food was so spectacular that I couldn't knock them any starts for their really, and I mean really bad truffle fries.  They literally tasted like they were left in oil for a couple of days.  Obviously I know that isn't the case, but nonetheless, that's what they tasted like.The place itself is very trendy and loud.  It's my kind of place, but if being able to hold and intimate conversation is your thing, then  this probably isn't the place for you.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,8/6/2014,342,580,5,8,6>This time out everything was great on all fronts.  When I told my attentive waiter Miguel that I was ordering Veal Osso Bucco as my entrée, he closed his eyes, tipped his head back, and placed his hands over his heart almost in reverence at my choice.  And it really was great, rich tomatoey-flavored, fall off the bone Osso Bucco.  One of the very best I have experienced!But even before then there were other fine moments.  Pasta Fagioli with Ditalini pasta was good but not real hot.  Calamari Fritti was golden and delicious.  Italian Sausages with very soft Banana Peppers and Potatoes bathed in a red Tomato Sauce made for a great appetizer.  Tableside tossed Ceasar Salad with fine croutons, anchovy, egg, garlic, lemon, olive oil, and Reggiano Cheese was simply excellent.  And, later, sautéed Button Mushrooms and Onions and Tuscan Roasted Potatoes also with Onions rounded out a memorable meal.  A cartful of desserts looked quite delectable.  But, alas, there was no more room.  So, my party of four passed on these tempting selections.There will be no argument from me to contest the claim that Andiamo is the best fine dining restaurant to be found in downtown Las Vegas today!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/5/2014,240,85,11,14,12>My ultimate favorite coffee shop! REAL coffee, none of that watered down starbucks stuff and i'm not a starbucks snob at all, this place is just better..in almost every aspect haha. I'm not even really an avid  coffee drinker but their coffee actually has a delicious, rich flavor and even gives me the caffeine I need (gives me a better boost than 5 hour energy). You can also pick up a bag of their mothership coffee for home :)My favorite to get is their iced truffle berry. It's raspberry chocolate flavored coffee and wow it's just soo addicting! I also enjoy their smore, butter beer (sounds weird but trust me, it's amazing), white mocha, mint mocha, caramel, creme brulee and well, I guess all of their flavors haha! Everything I've tried has been great including their nomnom and alien burrito! I'm not vegan or vegetarian but those burritos were soo good that I don't feel like I'm missing out on any meat. They also have a great selection of teas and pastries. The prices are great as well! My large iced truffle berry is under $5 and they also offer a "happy hour", I have to double check what time it starts though, sorry! All of the workers are really friendly, and 95% of the time has been pretty fast. The inside is very cozy, and they also have a little outdoor seating area. Sometimes it's hard to find a spot because a lot of people like to bring their laptops and work but it's always nice just to to-go and have a picnic across the street at sunset park. I just love this place :)
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/4/2014,482,363,9,19,17>I've been here seven times since the end of March. I'm obsessed. I'm obsessed with the flavors, innovation, quality, prices, and hospitality. Every experience has been spectacular! When I try to explain exactly what "Modern Japanese" means, it's never the same description because I can't quite put it into words. My best explanation is a photo paired with a detailed caption. I usually don't need to say anything else. The presentation and methodical usage of ingredients elevates itself from other Japanese and fusion establishments and has become a category of its own. So, what is Yonaka? A place that will intrigue your tastebuds and incite conversation of excitement and surprise.I've had the pleasure to try many dishes during my multiple visits. I wish I could write about all of them! I really enjoy the items that involve sashimi or other raw seafood and feature a wonderful balance of sweet and savory elements and textures. The dishes truly heighten the different flavors of the sea creatures and such an experience than your typical sashimi. The menu is impressive and ever-changing. Simply the list of ingredients will intrigue you and the best part is they keep some of it a surprise (although they are happy to share the details).Sake Orenji ($11): Scottish Salmon sashimi, orange supreme, yuzu tobiko, lemon and orange oil, maldon, and micro arugula. The sauce is their take on Ponzu and it is delicious. This is a great example of the sweet and savory balance. I've had this dish during every visit and the salmon is always so succulent.Nana Iro ($13): Hamachi sashimi, grapefruit supreme, avocado, golden cherry tomato, pickled fennel, dehydrated fennel, and chili sauce. I'm already a big fan of raw yellowtail, but I really dig this combination of flavors. Highlights: the non-tart grapefruit and dehydrated fennel.Tea Brined Ribs ($10; HH $7): Pork ribs, citrus-honey-tea glaze, sesame seeds, topped with negi. These ribs are on-point. Flavorful and the meat falls right off the bone! I love the fresh negi with every bite.Tate Ichigo ($13): Hokkaido sea scallops, fresh strawberry, negi, apricot and strawberry relish, hibiscus salt, Thai chili, negi oil, and strawberry sauce. I love the soft texture of the raw scallops with the sweet and juicy strawberry slices. You get just a little bit of heat at the end as well.Mango Cotta ($8): Mango panna cotta filled with mango purée, pistachio butter, crumbled pistachio, mango ice cream, and mango tuile. One of my favorite desserts, ever! The panna cotta has the perfect consistency and even with the purée, it isn't too sweet. The pistachio marries well with the mango and all the textures make it fun.Although these are my favorites, I've enjoyed mostly everything. I really like the Foie Gras Nigiri, Yoshoku, Avocado Nigiri, and Crudo as well (to name a few), however, I'm not a big fan of the Tsutsumi, Buko Jam, or Tuna Tataki. The Specials Menu ensures that you don't tire of dishes and also highlight seasonal ingredients. The Happy Hour Menu (Daily 5PM-6:30PM, M-Th 10:30PM-12:00AM, F-Su 11PM-2AM) also features items not available on the Regular Menu like the delicious Hana Wings.Helpful notes: Bring a couple friends and share several dishes since most are perfect for 3-4 people. Most importantly, this is not a place to dine and dash. As I'm sure you've seen the photos, the dishes are intricate and obviously take time to prepare. Heed the warnings and don't visit while in a hurry! I usually allot two hours and it's given me enough time to really enjoy the meal and my company. Reservations can be made via OpenTable or phone. Happy Hour is offered at the bar and booth area only and not available for reservation. The bar is a great place to sit to watch the chefs at work! It's mesmerizing. This isn't your typical sushi bar, so orders are placed with your server. Also, I haven't tried the Omakase since I was fortunate to visit with seasoned patrons, however, it's a great way to try their popular dishes and not worry about what to order. Lastly, this is a place to leave your preconceptions at the door. Don't let the ingredients or combinations intimidate you and just go for it.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,8/3/2014,51,324,9,17,9>Super busy today for their first day. Packed so much I could not enter. I noticed big groups, guess they work down here, standing there only to realize only one person out of five were getting an item.....super annoying..... It is SUPER small inside.I got the Beetaccino and I will def be back all the time since I'm in love with the Carson  building.Super small location, zero seats but you can sit in the courtyard outside or there are chairs inside the door to the common area. Everything is organic and everything came from a local place yesterday and I drank it today.Would give it a solid three but the drink was soooo good I will throw another star on. I don't see paying $12 something (with tip) everyday for this but I really think it's a good value. I have juicers and Vitamix at home so when I'm lazy I'll walk here.Come try it for yourself. I posted the menu in the pics.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/2/2014,87,98,11,10,11>I think this has been said in pretty much all of the other reviews, but there is just something special, dare I say magical, about this wondrous store. One step inside and a wave of nostalgia washed over me as I was taken back to my childhood. This store truly hits me right in the feels.The walls are lined with candy and bottles of soda, many of which I have seen before and quite a few that I hadn't. Their selection is truly astounding and many items on display are imported from different countries.Rocket Fizz is the perfect pit stop before checking out a movie at Regal Cinemas across the way if you are looking to smuggle in some sugary goodies past the ticket clerks Han Solo style. Not that I would EVER condone doing something like this. Ever. Not once. : )
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/1/2014,69,110,10,12,11>Lavi's Food Review #....I Never Intended to Eat here, but My Nephew Forced Me to Go in with Him, LOL! The Eatery is a Little Small, and has Limited Seating, but there is/are Outdoor Seating for those Absolutely Gorgeous Days in Vegas! The Counter Person is Very Pleasant, and Friendly to Talk to, The Specials Board is on the Right Side of the Eatery, Close to the Order Counter! There are 2 TV's for your Viewing Pleasure! The Food is Very Hot & Very Good...Garlic Knots- Enough for 2 People, Comes to You Hot and Buttery with the Marinara Dipping Sauce.Pizza- the Small Size, Again Enough for 2-3, Cheese is Gooey & Stringy, Very Tasty (Just How I Like it) not Greasy, or Soggy like some Places! 5.99Chicken Wings- Comes with French Fries & a Drink for 6.99. Crispy & Tasty! I Ordered the Garlic Parmesan....Yum!! Free Refills on the Soda Machine! They do have Lunch Specials, They Do have Take Out! This Eatery is on the South East Part of Vegas on Maryland Parkway, in the Albertsons/ 24 Hour Fitness Shopping Complex! It's a Little hard to find,..Just look for 24 Hr. Fitness and it's Across the Parking lot, next to Teriyaki Madness!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/31/2014,366,699,7,12,9>Taco Taco. From my last review almost 5 months ago to now the only thing that's changed is the price. I spend 40 cents more for lunch than I used to. But I'll gladly pay it for an Al Pastor burrito that is unlike anything else I've ever had. The chips are made fresh every day. And over the past few months and many visits I've only seen the salsa bar run low on salsa once....and they took care of it fast. The Mexican Coke is ice cold and service is fast and friendly. The 5 Stars I gave out months ago is still just as valid today as it was then. When I have family come in from out of state, this is where I bring them. Everyone in my family loves this place, so much so that social media checkins prompt a round of I wish I was there comments every time. 5 Stars, and a bump to my Best of Las Vegas and Failsafe Food lists. Again all of it earned. They just celebrated their 1st Anniversary and with food this good, it certainly won't be their last celebration.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/30/2014,105,141,11,14,12>Yes, I finally rolled in to Rollin Smoke after the many raving reviews from my Yelp Peeps.  I am super WAY over due for this joint.  I do think I have told at least 15 people about this place since our visit last Saturday.  If that doesnt say how I feel about this place, how about the leftovers that I ate for breakfast the next day.  Yes, I must say this is simply (but not simply stated) the best BBQ I have ever EVER had.Dont let the location fool you...its part of its finger lickin good charm and you cant beat the smell of pure goodness when you pull into the parking lot.  When we first arrived a couple was leaving voicing that they will be back next year - as they come here every year when they visit Vegas.  I think that says alot too....a must have for tourists too?!We both ordered the sliders-both coming with 3 and you can pick what meat you want.  I had the chicken and the brisket while my man had the chicken, brisket and the hot link sliders.  He said the hot links were his favorite-IF there could even be a favorite.  All of it was totally fab.  For sides we had the waffle fries and the mac and cheese.  The waffle fries were sprinkled with a sweet and salty flavoring that I loved and I'm still craving and wont be satisfied until I have more.  The mac and cheese was super creamy.  I thought it was very good.  Alot of the times mac comes out all dry and coagulated.  Not the case here.  I could literally eat a big bowl of it and call it a day.  ***ehem But I wouldnt recommend it only because there is SO much more important things to savor.  Lets talk about the meat - yes their slogan is that they "rub their meat" and however you take it consider that some good lovin (hehe).  The meat is smokey and savory....meat with FLAVOR!  The sauce was perfect (not too sweet, not too thick)-and Im very picky about sauce.   The portions were so huge.  I'm sure the guy thought I was not sure what I was getting into when I ordered the 3 sliders.  I brought home 1 1/2 that was leftover and like I said I think I must have been dreaming about it all night because I did have to dig into that first thing the next morning.  As I opened the box all I could smell was the smokey heavenly goodness and I knew right then it was going to be a good day.So yeah on Wednesday I was sat down and asked to not be mad.....hmmm yes my man went there for lunch without me.  And YES damn right I was mad.  LOL  Yes, peeps....it is JUST THAT GOOD.  I cannot wait to go back.  Well heck Ive already checked into the catering menu so I can order for my next party.  If you are looking for a winner.....this is IT.   *side note...they are closed on Sundays.  :(
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,7/29/2014,106,129,9,12,11>My experience at Kabuto was nothing short of fantastic. While it is not your traditional Sushi restaurant and nothing like an AYCE place in terms of value/food, it more than makes up for this with a quality experience and top notch food.I'm not an expert at sushi, but this is the best I've had so far. And while the Edomae style of having the fish marinated in soy sauce may have compromised some uniqueness in flavor, the fish carries a texture that is nothing short of luxurious. Some pieces melt in your mouth, while some have some light resistance, but the fact that they can serve the items at room temperature makes it so they are more buttery than your average sushi joint.For a first timer, I would certainly recommend sitting at the bar. Being able to watch these experts in motion and seeing how much time and effort is put into each portion of the meal is a treat. Receiving each piece of fish one by one paces out your meal in an enjoyable way.A panda and I decided to opt for the nigiri option - $48 dollars for a small sake aperitif, amuse, 10 nigiri, a hand roll and a dessert. While still quite pricey, it is a good value especially for a first timer being able to sample a lot of different fish that I would normally have never tried. One thing that's great about Edo style is that you do not get a "fishy" smell or after taste - but some people certainly might miss that.Our favorite of the night was the chu-toro, though the normal akami and many of the others were very good. If there was one thing to nitpick, the green tea tiramisu that evening was rather bland. The texture was amazing but there was a lack of sweetness as well as a lack of green tea flavor. Additionally, the vanilla ice cream with sea salt was nothing to phone home about.Still, I would probably admit that the subtler flavor is common in Asian-style desserts, so I wasn't surprised either.I would highly recommend anyone who appreciates sushi to try Kabuto - I know there are similar restaurants in other cities but it was definitely a first for me, and an experience I won't soon forget.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,7/28/2014,187,61,13,11,11>This has to be my favorite teppan yaki spot in Vegas! Every time I come here, service is always on point and food is always delicious! The last time I came here, the group I came with did the happy hour special. Definitely a must-try late night food place!I did the seafood combo that comes with miso soup, fried rice, shrimp, scallops and fish! It also comes with many different sauces made to order from the chef all for only $20! (Happy hour special) Because I went with a big group of early to mid 20's age, the teppan yaki chef made funny after-hour remarks! The chef was so funny and very accommodating. I went here for my mom's birthday as well a few months ago and I went with my family. The chef was so nice and funny.. he was not going to do some "adult" jokes. Instead, he cooked the fried rice in a heart-shaped form and was trying to make my grandma laugh! My family enjoyed it and they loved the food!I love this off-the-strip spot! A local hot spot, a tourist favorite, and you might spot a celebrity here or there! If you're in Vegas, you should try place!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,7/27/2014,247,589,7,10,9>I have to admit I am quite impressed with the Mac Shack. I've seen this place numerous times on shopping trips to the area around Boca Park, but I never stopped in until this past weekend with my husband.Knowing we were both hungry I knew I had to make a decision that would please both of us. Considering my husband isn't as outlandish with his food choices as myself I decided on Mac Shack. After all, pasta is something we both love.We arrived during lunch so we took advantage of their lunch special. $7.99 for a make your own bowl of pasta, a choice of a side salad or bowl of soup, a breadstick and a drink. I think that's a really good value, especially considering the amount of food you get.I got: whole grain wheat penne pasta, with spicy red sauce, chicken, and an extra add in of roasted garlic (I think that cost me an extra 50 cents), and the side garden salad. My husband got angel hair pasta, with Alfredo sauce, chicken, and the corn chowder soup.The place is very roomy with black/metallic decorations and they play some interesting music over the speakers. As for the food it quickly arrived at our table. My pasta was cooked perfectly, the spicy red sauce had a nice kick with peppers and onions, the chicken was perfectly fine, and a decent amount. Roasted garlic was good, but sooo much I ended up leaving quite a bit of it in my bowl. The salad was decent, and a large portion. You will not leave here unfulfilled. Neither my husband or myself could finish our entire meal.I would absolutely return... although not too often. I am a pasta fanatic, but I gotta watch those carbs! Good thing this place is not anywhere near where I live or I think I'd be gaining a few extra pounds....
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,7/26/2014,145,143,8,9,8>I typically try to wait until I have a few experiences with a restaurant before jumping into a review.   So much can change from visit to visit that I always find it a bit presumptuous to assume that a place is 5 stars worth of awesome or 1 star worth of non-awesome based on one measly visit.   And yet one measly visit to the Bronze Cafe, oh, 2 hours ago, and here I am anointing it with 5 stars.   Enter the Tree of Life.   The Tree of life stars Brad Pitt in a Malick film about the life and the universe.   Yelp/RottenTomatoes Crossover alert!   Okay so this Pita stuffed with veggies and other vegan goodies like a cashew crema and a brazil nut crumble has nothing to do with the movie, but much like I had left the theater after seeing Tree of Life, I had a lot of questions about this Tree of Life after I left Bronze Cafe.   Namely:  was that one of the tastiest pita breads I've ever had? (yes).    Did I really just enjoy a Pita stuffed without any meat products?  (yes).   Did I really just order something called "Banana Boy Bait"?  (YES)   Well how I really ordered it was I said something along the lines of "and one of those banana bread things".    Then the guy who seemed to be running the joint goes "Banana Boy Bait?!"  to which I looked around sheepishly before saying yes.   It's totally worth any stares you might receive though.   It lasted all of 3 minutes on the table.   I'm not joking when I say I plan to try every sandwich and every Vegan dessert on the menu before my own personal Tree of Life wilts away and has me feasting on dirt and worms.   Service was friendly, quick and efficient.   The dining area was clean and there wasn't any air of pretentiousness that I think Vegan friendly places can oftentimes be stereotyped with.   In fact it was the complete opposite.I didn't need to use the restroom so I didn't get to participate in the gender neutrality that it provides.   The thought excites me though because I've heard from some of my female friends that sometimes you all have couches in there sometimes and I'm curious how this translates here.  I've got my fingers crossed for a La-Z-Boy recliner personally.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,7/25/2014,376,187,10,15,15>A new Sammy's Restaurant in Henderson, relocated, remodeled and revamped!The biggest difference is the location, though. The old Sammy's was hidden away on Sunset Rd, very hard to find. This new spot on Green Valley Pkwy is much more convenient and visible! Opening the menu, it looked familiar with the original items, plus a few new additions (or have I just overlooked them?) Vietnamese Crab Stack was refreshing, light, and very tasty. Presented so elegantly, my whole table enjoyed it. Off the happy hour menu, the Kobe Sliders had rave reviews from my boyfriend & his parents.I've also enjoyed:Mediterranean Dip SamplerHummusOak Roasted AsparagusLobster Mac & CheeseWok'd Sesame Shishito PeppersGrilled Shrimp SaladSalted Caramel PuddingThe food overall is pretty darn good. From their huge salad portions, unique tapas, Brie/truffle oil pizza w/ mushrooms (my favorite Sammy's pizza), or the ginormous Messy Sundae's overflowing goblet, there's many great dishes for every palate and appetite. Plus I ALWAYS appreciate any establishment that offers and labels vegan, vegetarian, and gluten-free options!For me the best thing about this Sammy's is the interior set-up. I LOVE their patio area, where you can sit in plushy comfortable couches(with pillows!) which are part of their booths and look out the surrounding windows. It makes it airy, spacious, and welcoming. I can see me eating lunch there frequently if I worked nearby.The prices are still pretty high, I always thought that. If ordering tapas, it's a shame if you don't go during happy hour, when selected items are half off. Service has been a hit or miss here. It seems the first visits, the staff were still getting used to their new operation, so their timeliness was off. It's gotten better though, our last dinner with our parents was awesome! We'll be come back to try their brunch...
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/24/2014,479,129,18,28,22>5-stars-because-i-was-really-impressed-with-with-the-manager-i-guess-an-employee-failed-to-come-in-during-the-busy-grand-opening-she-came-to-every-single-table-to-notify-them-and-also-checked-up-on-how-everyone-and-their-meals-were-doing-without-being-overly-bothersome-lolof-course-our-server-was-attentive-and-friendly-as-well5-stars-to-the-food-items-ordered-white-sangria-if-you-like-strong-sangria-this-is-the-drink-for-you-they-got-me-at-papaya-but-wasnt-a-fan-imagined-it-to-be-more-on-the-sweet-side-mandarin-orange-tangerine-mimosa-absolute-fave-glad-my-friend-got-it-sounded-too-orangey-but-its-the-perfect-blend-high-class-orange-juice-with-alcohol-with-a-little-bit-of-pulp-almond-brioche-french-toast-with-almond-butter-coconut-syrup-made-in-house-delicious-three-thick-pieces-moist-and-very-flavorful-dusted-with-powdered-sugar-topped-with-coconut-almond-custard-and-comes-with-raspberry-mixed-tropical-fruits-the-almond-butter-and-coconut-syrup-were-just-extra-icing-on-the-french-toast-belgian-waffles-nothing-to-special-with-these-waffles-topped-with-fruit-and-chose-almond-butter-with-maple-syrup-with-it-nonetheless-still-a-good-waffle-36hr-braised-short-rib-loco-moco-topped-with-lentil-gravy-comes-with-eggs-to-your-liking-fried-rice-crispy-onion-rings-no-knife-needed-extremely-tender-seasoned-well-great-textures-with-the-crispy-fried-onion-fried-egg-and-fried-rice-i-think-i-said-fried-too-much-lol-and-overall-a-great-loco-moco-4-stars-to-the-long-drive-out-there-and-the-water-cup-with-no-ice-__-still-a-great-experience-must-try-other-great-menu-items
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,7/23/2014,179,152,9,14,10>This is a great little place with two different courses based on if you want obstacles or not.  The man at the desk greets you and is quite friendly and helpful.  This is indoors so you can play year round, and it has the set up for a great birthday party (I have a birdie already in my ear about that).  Both courses are smooth and we had a blast playing each on different days.  It is clean and definitely family friendly.  How can you go wrong with a pet turtle there and a name like Ohana! The only reason not four stars is the location is convenient for us as its across from the M resort, but not much in that shopping center has survived.  We hope they do as its a nice family fun experience.Review #1 for 2014
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,7/22/2014,433,1034,9,12,12>Cafe Darak is a comfortably eclectic mix of hodge podge furniture done in a Pinterest style. Reminiscent of my favorite coffee shops in Korea, this is the place to hang out and just catch up with friends. The staff are friendly and make quality drinks. The fact that your order is not pushed out in a hurry is okay by me. I would rather have them take their time and not treat me like another number. The coffee is good. I'm told that they use Colorado Roast. The espresso is strong and not bitter. The specialty drinks are not overly sweet. It is all about the little touches that makes this place so inviting. The individual stamp cards that you leave on the back wall. The little figurines placed on every tray when presented. The different cups that range from mason jars, pint glasses, even a measuring cup. It all adds to the experience.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/21/2014,328,389,12,17,13>I know this review will mainly appeal to vegetarians but don't ignore it all you non-vegetarians!  Consider a veg restaurant part of your adventurous Yelp eating!  Is fake chicken really that different from cow guts?  Well yes, but..... what I'm saying is: don't be afraid to try it!Chinatown isn't exactly the easiest place for vegetarians to visit - a menu can be daunting enough as it is, but then to throw in the question "is there any (chicken stock/fish sauce/bonito flakes/meat bits) in this dish?" and be prepared to blow some minds, including your own.  I don't enjoy blowing minds so sadly I don't visit many places in Chinatown.But hey!  Don't fret, vegetable lovers!  Veggie House is awesome and will fill your Asian-food cravings.  They have a huge menu which always throws me for a loop (I'm not used to so many choices!) and everything they offer is vegan.The first time I visited Veggie House, I made the mistake of trying to be healthy and ordered an all-veggie stir fry dish.  It wasn't bad, but I've come to find out that they specialize in fake meats.  Now, I've been a vegetarian for over six years so I'm not the best person to ask on how much the fake meats taste like the real deal but I'm going to go ahead and guess "not very."  I also want to say that I don't care because I find the food here delicious.Things I've had that are really great: General Tso's chicken, crispy beef, orange beef, sizzling chicken (think an Asian version of fajitas), and curry roti.Things I've had that are skippable: vegetable soup, spring rolls, the happy sushi roll (way too much of a fishy taste for me, but my husband liked it).Service is friendly and the restaurant is clean and large.  My only complaint is that I wish the items were a dollar or two cheaper so that I could feel better about ordering a third item to share with my husband instead of the usual two (yes, I'm a pig).  But fake meats can be pricey so I understand.A restaurant that has an entire menu I can order from!  Take that, Chinatown!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,7/20/2014,462,631,9,13,12>So they are like hand pie's...for giants! Or for you food from the freezer type of folk...a hot pocket but so much better.So the place is small, kind of divey but  in a good way. Love the booths, the benches are church pews. The bar is small but sufficient, beer and wine only. Our waitress/bartender (Mandi I think) was awesome, it wasn't too busy on a Sunday around 4pm. She was attentive and helpful, she was a hard worker.We actually bumped into fellow Yelpers while we were there, Roger T. and family and Norm K. getting some pasties to go.I was really in the mood for spice so I got the Chicken Tikka Masala and Doug got the Rosemary Steak. We shared some Garlic Fries. Mine was good, good flavor. The outside pastry of both were golden and flakey. Be careful the inside is hot, don't expect to pick it up and sink your teeth in. It was a good ratio of pastry to filler. The fries were garlicy as promised, baked nicely. Doug's was interesting, but it felt a bit salty to me. He ate it all happily of course with a nice English brew. We decided on some dessert, of course Doug got his pick of them because I knew all I could fit would be a few bites. Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding...it tasted like a warm chocolate chip muffin with butter, it had some crème on top and ice cream on the side. I liked the crispy bits on the outside and Doug liked the soft warm center. We're such a match.  The prices were good for the amount of food you get.I would love to go back and try more pasties and desserts!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/19/2014,399,142,14,15,12>Happy Hour all day Sunday?! Well, don't mind if I do!!HH is only valid at the bar and also at the patio. It is pretty spacious. The place was pretty busy and we were still able to find a seat outside. It was a nice, cool day so being outside wasn't torturous. Started off with White Sake Sangria ($6.50) which was the best sake infused sangria I have ever had. I've had a few sake sangrias before where the sake overpowered the drink but this one was the perfect blend. Also got a Margarita on the rocks ($4.75).For foods:Cheeseburger Sliders ($6)- I thought were pretty tasteful. Got it as medium which was cooked perfect. One thing that was different was they put cucumbers instead of pickles which I loved because I loath pickles! Good amount for the price.Avocado Egg Rolls-(half off about $5)- I am a avocado lover so this was heaven in my mouth. It came with a honey cilantro dipping sauce. yum!Shrimp & Chicken Wraps- ($6)- Lots of flavors in your mouth. i really liked it. The portion was just right. The right amount of lettuce and comes with a cucumber salad which was pretty delish.Philly Roll (half off about $3)- Sushi wasn't too good. The ratio of rice was pretty off. Not enough fish in it. If you want to eat sushi, I suggest to go somewhere else for it.Service was good. Natalie came by and checked on us at the right times. Food came out in a reasonable time. Our table was a little sticky but other than that I will probably be back again.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,7/18/2014,642,1715,11,14,11>I have driven past the Coffee pub more times than I care to remember- because until yesterday, they were usually always closed. But finally, I made it by when they were open!Walked in toward the end of lunch for a takeout order. I went with their daily special, the Baja Chicken sandwich- chicken with olives and onions and a chipotle sauce and two kinds of cheese, with tomatoes, and lettuce. Each sandwich comes with a side, (potato or pasta salad, chips or fruit)- I chose the pasta salad. I also added the Chai This blended drink- chai, banana, protein powder, and soy milk.Service was friendly though they nearly mixed my order up with a group order.  Dining room with the barista is surrounded by windows and has almost an old school diner feel to it- but there is far more space in the other adjacent dining room than I expected. Larger than it appears on the outside.Got home with my meal- sipped the chai drink as I drove and it was delicious! A bit steep at over $6 for a 24 ounce cup, but it was tasty. Sandwich was $8.50 including the pasta, and the sandwich itself was enormous! I only ate half and gave the other piece to my BF, along with the pickle. Pasta salad was also a decent portion, served in a lidded Styrofoam cup to keep it cold and prevent spills. Also fresh and flavorful, with bits of tomato and a creamy white sauce similar to salad dressing.Delicious sandwich, good portions, lots of variety on menu- will come back to try another sandwich, or perhaps a soup. Today they were out of cream of mushroom, but let me know it usually sells out fast.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,7/17/2014,1362,984,9,22,17>The Sparklings is one of the newer restaurants to have opened in the southwest area, courtesy of the owners of Soyo and Oyshi, which are just down the road.  Walking in, it's hard to not be impressed with the dramatic transformation this space has taken.  I almost felt a bit under dressed with the ornate chandelier dominating the open eating area and a bit concerned pushing my stroller in with a crying baby inside. We had our choice of seating and opted for a corner spot to minimize any distractions.  (I noticed the generous amount of high chairs available, which to me encourages a family-friendly restaurant.)With a quick glance at the menu, we ended up just ordering appetizers.* Crispy Gnocchi "creamy pesto, Italian sausage, peas, crushed candied walnuts" ($7.50) - This was good, worthy of making this a meal by ordering two. (Update! I actually did this the following week and it was too much for one person. It's pretty rich, and two orders to yourself is quite a bit. And my gnocchi wasn't as 'crispy' this time. In retrospect, 'crispy' may be a bit misleading. It's more 'browned' than 'crispy'. Nonetheless, it wasn't as 'browned' in the to go order.)* Grilled Octopus "soy marinated" ($7) - Three little octupi sat on the plate along with some greens.  I like grilled octopus in general, so we liked this dish.  It can be a bit daunting for those not wanting to see the head of a baby octopus.* Seared Diver Scallops "lemon beurre blanc" ($7.50) - I didn't realize this dish had other items on it besides scallops, so was confused by the texture in my mouth when I thought I eating scallop. I guess along with the scallops were tater tot like disks.  The sauce was a bit fruity.* Truffle Parmesan Fries "sea salt, parsley, lemon garlic sauce" ($6) - It came with two dipping sauces and the chunks of garlic were falling off.* Portobello Fries "lightly breaded" ($6) - This also came with two dipping sauces.* Roasted Beet and Apple Salad "arugula, candied walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette" ($8) - We like beet salads, but it seemed like this salad missed a little something.  They did shave some Parmesan cheese on there, but maybe it needed more nuts?* Clam Linguini "surf clams, roasted garlic, garden herbs, Italian parsley & white wine extra virgin olive oil broth" ($13) - We took this dish to go for my mom.  She's a big fan of clam linguine and the first thing she noticed was the amount of clams.  She gobbled up the dish and even saved the sauce for the next day.  (She said it was good, but there wasn't enough for the price.) (Update! The Husband obviously liked what he saw when we ordered this for my mom. So the following week he got an order to go!)Service - The staff were attentive, perhaps even too attentive.  I appreciate more than less, so I can't complain too much.  The restaurant wasn't busy, so they were coming around a lot to ask how things were and if we wanted to order more.  The owner (one of the partners) came around to see how we were doing too. I appreciate when the owners take an active part in their new business ventures because it can show a genuine interest in their clientele, especially if they become regulars.  He mentioned that this was a family-friendly restaurant, which we do appreciate (and noticed a kids' menu available too).Overall, we like The Sparklings but are a bit confused.  It's very upscale in appearance, but a mix of casual in the menu.  I think they can actually expand on the menu a bit more, and perhaps they will with time.  But for the time being, we just couldn't find anything in the entrees that interested us.  (Items ranged from sandwiches like Philly Cheese Steak ($8.50) and Shrimp Po Boy ($8.50) to pastas, salmon and meats, ie. Rib-Eye Steak ($25) and Filet Mignon ($25).They do offer a happy hour in the lounge/bar area from 5 pm to 10 pm daily, which means discounted drinks.  Only those over 21 years of age allowed into the restaurant after 11 pm.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/16/2014,381,465,7,22,17>Last week, I had the choice of any reasonable place in Las Vegas for my graduation lunch. Having only had the lunch buffet before at Lotus of Siam, I decided to atone for my past errors in judgment.I had an opportunity to read the articles all over the waiting area in the twenty minutes or so of wait time, so I learned that Lotus of Siam has been open since around 2000. Amazing. I'll bet the plaza in which they're located was also pretty rundown back then, but the quality of their food has probably not lessened and their reputation has only soared. I did my research this time and, along with some appetizer suggestions from my mom, we picked a lot of specialties and Northern Thai menu options.The food arrived all at once after perhaps fifteen minutes. Patience is a virtue, as we were rewarded with delicious food. For starters, the tod mun plar (#7, $8.95) was a great take on a deceptively simple fish cakes with nice pickled cucumber. The nam kao tod (#14, $7.95), everybody's favorite crispy rice dish, was definitely yummy but a little too sour for my taste. Also very delicious but not suited for my palate was the yum nuah (#36A, $12.95), which is a great beef salad that's just too spicy for me and paralyzed me in fire and sweat for a few minutes. The spicy catfish with basil leaves (#85, $14.95) was a solid if small portion of sauteed fish in a basil sauceAfter recovering from the yum nuah, I delved into the Northern specialties. The khao soi (#A, $9.95) was one of my favorite tastes of the meal. To call it an egg noodle curry is not nearly doing it justice, so I'll just say that you'd better order it when you get the chance. The kha nom jean nam ngyow (#G, $9.95) is a non-spicy pork and rice vermicelli dish that reminds me slightly of a certain Vietnamese dish called bun rieu, but I wouldn't have this one again as it seemed a bit boring compared to some other dishes. The last item from this part of the menu was the nam prik ong (#I, $10.95), a non-spicy dish consisting of a red chili paste and various items to dip into it. Pretty nice, possibly worthy of a repeat, but not a palate dazzler either.I think the best item we had may have been the garlic prawns (on the chef's choice menu, $22.95). They are certainly pricey, and they are actually kinda worth it. Very crunchy, perfectly cooked, and just delicious. And even considering the modest portions of other dishes, definitely a splurge.Having finally had items from the proper menu, I can now confidently express my opinion that Lotus of Siam deserves all of its praise. I don't know if I'd tell somebody to fly here just for one restaurant, but when you are in Las Vegas, you must make this a destination. Oh, and you'll definitely want to reserve well in advance if you choose dinner hours. Just saying.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,7/15/2014,270,285,6,11,10>Japanese Italian fusion done well. I think this type of fusion can go all wrong easily but Trattoria Nakamura-Ya figured it out without putting a hefty price tag on it. Yes, the uni tomato cream pasta is $27 but it's something you can definitely share with 1-2 other people. I think the best way to approach this restaurant is Italian style aka Family style. Order 1-2 appetizers, one pasta, one meat entree, and maybe finish with a dessert (or go next door to Sweets Raku or Snowflake shavery). Items I recommend: Nakamura Bruschetta, Uni Tomato Cream Pasta, Miso carbonara, and Kurobota Pork. Enjoy!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,7/14/2014,88,26,5,14,7>New ramen place in town located at the same plaza as Kihn Do and HK Seafood Garden. Thanks God that it's not quite the same as the other ramen places in town. They specialized only in Miso Ramen. No Tonkotsu or Shio Ramen. The restaurant has signs everywhere that telling you about how healthy their miso ramen is. Their wall and menu have information about the benefit of miso.Each table has calories comparison of burger, tonkotsu ramen and miso ramen. Based on their note, a basic miso ramen only has 600 calories.Misoya Tomi is located around the world. Other than U.S.A and Japan, they also have a location in Taiwan, Brazil, Thailand, and Canada. Although, the owner told me that they are not a franchise and not all of the Misoya own by the same owner. Their basic miso flavors are mild Kome Miso (Hokkaido Style), sweet Shiro Miso (Kyoto Style), and bitter Mame Miso (Nagoya Style).Cha-Shu Kome Miso has fried potato, Cha-Shu Shiro Miso has fried tofu, and Cha-Shu Mame Miso has Ebi Fry (Fried Shrimp).Their Chasu has a very mild flavor. Chasu has been slow roasted in the oven and grilled before serving. I like the thickness, texture and the tenderness of the Chasu. Flavor wise, maybe not as rich as the other tonkotsu ramen place, but it also has less fat and feels a tad more healthier. One thing that I noticed about their ramen, this is the first Japanese ramen place that I didn't end up feeling thirsty after eating ramen. Most of other ramen places in town always make me feel very thirsty. I'm not sure if that's because of the salt or the MSG. I actually feel good and satisfied with their miso ramen.  Their price is a little bit more expensive compares with Sora or Monta. They also have a Japanese menu hanging down from the bar area kind of like Ichiza style . But it's all in Kanji, so I have no idea what they say.There is a complimentary lychee sorbet after I finish my ramen. It actually pretty tasty, it has an actual lychee in it. Even though its rather small, but still a nice way to cleanse my palate. I also got a point card, a free gyoza for every 5 ramen. I'll be back to try their other miso ramen.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/13/2014,72,183,6,27,17>We were fortunate enough to have lunch here today - on their soft opening day.This is a rare opportunity in Vegas to enjoy plates prepared by a Michelin starred chef himself, not just by a name on its signage.Eventually this place will be a kaiseki restaurant - a traditional multi-course Japanese dinner - of only 12 seats, but due to limitated availability of uncommon ingredients required for kaiseki, liquor license, etc. they will only offer Japanese comfort food lunch in the coming months.It was a three-course lunch for $20:- First course: Triple layered vegetable soup served chilled - Seven vegetables in the first layer, soy sauce based brown gelée in the second layer, avocado and egg white with Japanese sake in the third layer- Second course: Petite Assorted Appetizer - Flavored edamame, marinated cucumber with sweetened miso, yuzu flavored shrimp, soy flavored Japanese taro potato, deep fried lotus roots- Main course (choose one from three): a) Chicken Rice Omelette - egg omelette over white steamed rice sautéed with ketchup, onion, green peppers, chicken, bacon and mushroom. b) Tonkotsu Ramen Noodle Soup Wok Charred - pork based ramen. c) Black Curry over Steamed Rice - traditional Japanese style curry over white steamed rice.The first cource - the three layered soup was amazing. Very complex tastes mingled on my tongue, the potato-ish veggie flavor on the top followed by the sweet gelée, deepened with the avocado. All completely grated, but I was still able to tell the texture, scoop and taste individually or all at once.There came the second, more traditional kaiseki-like appetizer. This time, we could see the basic attributes of natural ingredients were preserved, yet amusing presentation of craftsmanship was well displayed. The finish of shrimp was like what we eat for Osechi that would bring back old timey memories. Satoimo (Japanese taro) came with tangy rock salt. Cucumber came hocho-crafted with mildly sweet moromi-miso. Deep fried lotus roots had perfect crunchiness that played nice in the mix. However, the edamame was lacking the finishing touch. Not only that the flavor was nothing special, it felt awkward to pull out beans from the pod by hand.We chose Omurice (Rice Omelette) and Tonkotsu Ramen for the main.As much as I would like to say the Omurice was perfect, it was also pretty basic to be honest. Considering that Omurice has been less accepted in the US market, I can understand that the straightforward path is a safe bet, but for matured taste buds like ours, some you-cannot-do-it-at-home factors seemed to be missing. My personal preference is rice less steamed and eggs more runny. Also I personally like demi-glace sauce better, or at least the ketchup could use some twist.Now the best part- the tonkotsu ramen! I was blown away. I know it's like cheating to compare ramen elaborated by a kaiseki chef with shops serving bowls in every 60 seconds, it was the best ramen I've had in this competitive Las Vegas market. The broth had very intricate flavors, but was not too greasy or heavy. Quite contrary, the aftertaste was pleasantly light. Chashu was a little sweetened, which added a unique perspective. Typically noodles are straight and thin for tonkotsu, but wavy noodles used by Omae worked to fully enjoy this rich-yet-not-too-rich broth.In the end, all those three (plus drink) for $20 was a well considered price point. It's on a high-end for lunch, particularly for local clientele, but is a steal for the quality of food and service.Some obvious opening day flaws aside, this place is very promising. I spotted some misses in the food as described above, but I will hold off my full review until they start offering kaiseki, a big missing piece in the Las Vegas culinary scene.4 stars + 1 for a forward looking factor.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,7/12/2014,299,177,10,20,14>For being a literal "hole in the wall," they serve up some solid Korean food here. They have all the classics like Yuk Gae Jjang, Sundubu, Mandu Gook, Dolsut Bibimbap Don't forget the BBQ (not table-top) Kalbi, Bulgogi, Doeji Bulgogi. And they even serve boba drinks + Spam Musubis. Who doesn't love Musubis with their kimchi? And don't worry, you'll still get all the side dishes here. It's like any other Korean service; they just have a walk-up window. :)The owners are so nice! The wife is back in the kitchen and the husband services the guests. They're very friendly and actually used to have a restaurant in the original Koreatown i.e. The Commercial Center. By the time Man Na opened at the "Internet Cafe" space, my time at CSN Charleston was up and I'm rarely ever in this area. But Man Na is definitely worth a trip. If you're a CSN student or work around here, this makes an excellent lunch stop. They know you may be short on time, so call ahead and they'll make sure your food is ready for you when you get there.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,7/11/2014,236,327,9,12,10>Talk about the perfect RECOVERY MEAL after long run or cycling day out at Red Rock. Krayvings could not have picked more perfect spot in town. One that assure you after any brick day or just enjoying perfect cycling day be back soon. Talk about great healthy options on the menu. I know lot  of yelpers have passion for Skinnyfats. Really from the minute walked in, looking at the decor, the chalkboard menu style on the walls (some nice little hand artwork on it too), really health conscious menu, the nice portion size, and screamed Skinnyfats. I ordered the  sesame chicken wrap and blueberry muffin. As soon as you walk in see all the pastries in the display and they looked really really good. I started with the blueberry muffin that enjoyed. I was nice moist, hot, and right amount of blueberry in every bite. The sesame chicken wrap was awesome. Usually not high on wraps but the sesame chicken wrap not only was it hearty, but each component really complimented one another (from the chicken, nice orange segments, cucumbers, sesame seeds, carrots, friend won ton strips, and lettuce all tossed in some kind of asian dressing) so much flavor in every bite. It was so REFRESHING after brick workout out at the Lake. I wanted too order another wrap! Oh almost forgot about the salad on the side was nice too and again nice size portion. The ordering system found interesting or not too often literally ordered off a touch screen. Not too fool you thinking not humans. LOL!! It was really helpful  when it comes too getting a visual of every dish on the menu. But at the same time can be confusing. The wait staff is great always helping you out if confused about anything. Everyone friendly and great service the whole time.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/10/2014,536,126,10,13,12>Talk about a designated driver for a pub crawl...this is BRILLIANT!  My friends found the Groupon and signed us up for a night of peddling and libations.  The Cycle Pub Vegas arrived promptly at the Pizza Rock restaurant and was ready for us to board a few minutes prior to our scheduled departure time.  Everyone was seated and peddling within minutes and we were off to our first establishment.  We enjoyed Bar Bistro, Lady Silvia and Atomic Liqueur before finishing up at the Gold Spike.  It was more work than a normal pub crawl, but we had a blast and would do it again in a heartbeat! Fun Times!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,7/9/2014,615,292,17,20,17>This is the "NY Style" pizza parlor my parentals neighbors suggested to me during my first visit in '01. The place has changed hands several times since then, but I always return for excellent white pie; Ronzoni products I've not found elsewhere; Cavatelli (I make my own white clam sauce)  and to have 'zas, sandwich trays, cannoli and Italian cookies made for meetings or "thank you's" For imported and fresh moz, I prefer another spot, but for ok and giant orancini - most don't know better anyway - they work fine. (rice balls for L'Americans with cheese and either meat or red sauce and peas) Also prefer plain slices elsewhere, but that white pie, well done,  kicks ass. I've never had their other meals/cooked pasta so I can't speak to them. But I do drive 20+ minutes out of my way for that white pie. My folks enjoy the plain cheese, so if sharing we will do half and half. Really do miss the Daily News on the counter, and Nelson is correct: whether getting your "free" check in mini cannoli or others, ask for the filling on the side. Nobody likes a soggy cannoli. Their printed menu is pretty straightforward and the workers are all sweet. Eddie the chef told me this is the only Rocco's in town which bakes their own bread: I believe him -- and my favorite! After 13 years of patronage I can say without a doubt: Rocco's makes me a little homesick and always sated. Grazie!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,7/8/2014,157,244,11,12,8>**** Alert! Alert! ---- Mexican Ninjas Invade Choice Gas Station !!!! *****************A Mexican ninja who goes by the name of Carlos is a one man show a la Magic, a la Lebron.  He takes the orders, preps/cleans when no one is there, chops, cooks, rolls, serves - the one man ninja does it all with SPEED, EFFICIENCY, and CONSISTENCY!I never seen a cook work so fast and deliver stellar, authentic, home cooken Mexican fast food.   We walked up to the counter and didn't see the bell by the register so stood for a few minutes while Carlos was in the back being his ninja master self.  He arrived back and showed us the bell - now we know...hahWe asked him what's good......the asada, burritos, fajitas to which he replied, "everything....everything fresh"   I asked a follow up question and was cut off with the same reply.   Carlos wasn't going to budge and after ordering a chile verde and asada combination plate, and a fresh order of tortilla chips and salsa i know why.......Everything here is the sh1t!   What I like most about this set up is that you can watch how it all unfolds.  Nothing is hidden.  You'll see all his tricks if you can keep up.   Order with confidence and you'll be granted a quick, fast, homemade meal that's better than any fast food mexican in vegas and rivals most sit down restaurants.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,7/7/2014,886,290,10,16,13>My family and I ventured back to Biscuits Cafe for a late breakfast. The restaurant wasn't very busy, which let's be honest, it's only a matter of time before the secret is out."We don't serve fast food, we serve fresh food as fast as we can." is sprawled across the wall. Biscuits Cafe delivers and they deliver it well.Since we arrived around the noon-ish mark, I decided to give the lunch fare a go this round. I ordered the Fiesta Chicken Salad and a cup of the Tomato Basil soup. My family and I were seated right by the kitchen, which is wide open, and you can see right into (and it's immaculately clean), I saw our waitress crushing up avocado and adding ranch to it. That is how FRESH the dressing was! My sister ordered the Breakfast Burrito and subbed sausage for chorizo (with no problem) with hash browns. My mother loved the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs so much last time, she ordered it again today.Our food came out quickly and it was all delicious. So much better than I had remember on our first visit! My soup was perfect. It wasn't overly salty and was the perfect blend of tomato and basil. My salad was not just made of iceberg and romaine, it had spinach and field greens. The salad was huge, too. I have half of it left over to enjoy later. My sister's breakfast burrito was also on point. Loaded with eggs, sausage, onions, peppers, cheese, and served with a side of sour cream and fresh salsa (which was so good, I got a side of it too for my salad - for no additional cost). It was big, filling, and delightful. My mama finally let me try their country gravy. I'm from the South. I know about Biscuits and Gravy and Biscuits Cafe is right up there with the best of them. Creamy, savory, slightly peppered. It's the country gravy that dreams are made of and is probably an old family recipe. It's REALLY that good.Biscuits Cafe is a large space, ample seating with booths and tables alike. It's clean, open, and warm. There's really no special ambiance or decor, but it has that diner feel and is just as friendly. Customer service here was phenomenal. Our drinks were never less than half full and our orders were precise. PROTIP: They have a rewards program. Get a free drink for just signing up! Earn points, earn rewards towards food. Receive $5 off for your birthday! For every $1 you spend, you collect one point. After 200 points, you receive $5 off. They have double point Tuesdays. Refer a friend, earn points!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,7/6/2014,553,504,8,15,13>To end my wonderful weekend, a close friend and I decided to visit this place as it was pretty new to the area. Both of us have Filipino running through our veins so this was definitely a no brainer.This restaurant is in one of my favorite strip malls ever! I often frequent this area as they hold a lot of my favorite restaurants: Sushimon, Shabu Grill, Starbucks and more. When I entered the joint, the first thing I thought was HOLY RED! The floors, the walls, everything is red. I'm glad they took the opportunity to paint some brown on the wall and include green plants. It certainly broke up the monotony of red but turned into a Christmas tree. Not a big deal though, and I'm glad they had a lot of seating in the restaurant. Great for big parties. Our server was a young girl, super sweet and accommodating. She was quick and really made us feel welcome. For dinner, here's what I got:My friend and I started with the Full House Trio Appetizer for $7.99. This 12 piece app was filled with Lumpia Shanghai, jumbo fish balls and pork pot stickers, served with a trio of dipping sauces. For sauces, my favorite was the citrus soy sauce. The lumpia was super delicious! The wrapping was crispy and light. I thought the fish balls were a little soggy, maybe because it was the end of the evening. Also, the pot stickers were nicely cooked on the outside, but the inside wrapper was a little slimy and not the best in my opinion.For dinner, I got the sizzling Lechon Pinakbet for $8.99. Two things I love: Lechon and Pinakbet! I didn't believe it when they said sizzling but the plate came out super hot! Flavor wise, I LOVED the elements and textures of this dish! The pumpkin, green beans, okra bitter melon and eggplant was perfectly cooked. I LOVED how they didn't mix the pork together. It allowed the crispy skin to really shine through! Loved it all except one thing. The bagoong, or shrimp paste, used in this dish was really strong because the sizzling platter continued to reduce the sauce as it sat on our table. That meant a very salty dish. Please be advised.At the end of the evening, I had a great dinner. I'm definitely going to keep this place on my list of Filipino joints to frequent in the future. If you're in the area, make your way to the south end of the mall and check this place out!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,7/5/2014,471,470,12,20,19>If you come in not really hungry and you end up eating a lot more than you wanted to then the place has to be good, that's exactly what happened to me.  Let's just skip straight to the food. Going from what I took a picture first: Salmon Skin Handroll and Something Wrong #69 Roll - yelp.com/biz_photos/jjan Ever since Blue Fin Sushi turned me into a Salmon Skin Handrolls junkie I gotta have it every time I do AYCE sushi, if it's offered. It wasn't that bad; it was missing the crunchiness, but did the spot. The Something Wrong #69 was probably one of my favorite rolls. It's a shrimp tempura roll, which I usually a fan of, topped with spicy soft shell crab, tuna, salmon, white fish, and a spicy garlic ponzu. I devoured everything in that picture on my own. Sorry for not that great of a pic but the real stuff looked and tasted delicious.Oysters - yelp.com/biz_photos/jjan It was one of the items you could only order one of.  Honestly I love oysters but because I was only limited to 2 I don't think I had enough to like it too much. I inhaled them and don't remember the flavors.Who's Your Ex-wife and Shrimp Tempura -  yelp.com/biz_photos/jjan Now the Who's Your Ex-wife is my kind of eats. I don't remember what exactly it was but I think it was a stuffed fried jalapeno with fish. I kind of wished I went back for seconds so I could've remember more but I liked it a lot cause it was spicy and delicious. The Shrimp Tempura was not bad just know that 1 order is just 2 pieces not your usual handful else where.Spicy Garlic Edamame - yelp.com/biz_photos/jjanNo one usually make um like this but I enjoyed them, though I didn't fill myself up on them because I was eating sushi. I'd order um.Now for the other items:Screaming O Sashimi - Why not!? I'm always a fan of the sauce as long as it's not too sweet. It was made right to my liking.Nigiri - Not a great selection but I liked the garlic tuna, hamachi, cajun albacore, and sweet shrimp. Didn't care for the tamago or uni. A lot of the pieces were smaller than I'm use to but it's AYCE so ordering more is fine.Apps - I liked the Golden Scallops and whatever I already mentioned. I ordered and really wanted the baked green mussels, agedashi tofu, and calamari rings but never got them.Rolls - Well there's too many I liked so I'll say that there's an awesome selection of spicy, baked, deep fried, and shrimp tempura rolls. Should there ever be anything else!? Some honorable mentions Burning Your Ass roll, Fat Ass roll, Taste Like My X Girlfriend roll, Stacy Mom roll, Sexy Time roll, never mind I just started being immature.   For those try to cut back on rice there are a few no rice rolls.The customer service was very friendly and brought food out in quickly but struggled keeping track of everyone's order. Jjanga is funny and loud great for kids. Anyways I'm still a fan for mostly everything so I'll be back.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/4/2014,134,97,4,13,11>My favorite in Las Vegas has been Mint for last 4 years. I have tried many of the other popular Indian restaurants and none of them have come closer to Mint, until last month. One of my friend recommended this location to me and said that food is cooked in front of you and the prices are reasonable. I bookmarked this location on Yelp and I finally went for it one day.Its located on a plaza by 215 and Eastern. This area is always busy with many restaurants in the location, so parking might be a small issue. The restaurant is not lavish like many other Indian restaurants, they have TV where some Indian music is played but over all its atmosphere is more like  Roberto's. The owners are Nepalese, and the food is mainly north Indian with some that have obvious Nepalese fusion to it. I always get two curries, naan and basmati rice at this location. So far I have tried Chicken Tikka Masala, Palak Panner (Spinach w/ cottage cheese, my fav.), Chilli Chicken, Chicken Karai, and their Garlic Naan. I think this restaurant has the most authentic Indian flavor of any restaurant and the food is cooked fresh in front of you. This prices are also very low compared to Taj and Mint. and its an excellent place for take out meals. When i first went to this restaurant, they were running a promotion of 20% off the entire bill for only month of March. This made the deals even more special. I also saw that they do deliveries now. I highly recommend that you stop by to try out their sampler plates (Thali) which come with 1-2 entrees and 1-3 side dishes. They also have groupon and amazon/living social deals.Overall (5/5)
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,7/3/2014,4974,721,77,57,46>I'd like to personally shake Mr Tofu's hand.  While I cannot medically prove it, I am 100% certain that their soondubu contains undefined healing properties.  Some how some way, I always feel better after a meal here.  Got a cold?  Screw the Nyquil and get the spicy kimchi soondubu.Bad day at work?  Beef soondubu=good f'n dayBroken leg?  Just splash a little pork soondubu broth on your leg and it'll probably heal instantly.  Venereal disease?  Wait a couple of minutes before pouring it all over your crotch since it comes out piping hot.  Don't want to scare the other customers with your screaming.  Perhaps the seafood soondubu would be best for this.    At $8 a bowl, even my wallet feels better!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,7/2/2014,161,172,13,16,12>Herr yea!  A local juice bar i'm down to support.  They bottle their juice at the store with locally farmed raw produce without HPP (High Pressure Processing).  HPP is just a method to extend shelf life, and from what i read it has very little effects in characteristic of molecular food compounds; taste, vitamins, and nutrients.  Hence why Juice Standards are super duper fresh, Bee!  Without the HPP they're also able to package their cold-press juice in glass bottles which you can return each for a $1 discount off your next purchased.  Bottles are $10 each for 16.9oz and there are many to choose from.  I eat pretty bad since i have retarded hours [but mainly because you, f-nuts (i mean that in the nicest way possible) always yelp tasty looking spots] , so i've always try to include green juice in my daily intake when im on the go esp when i wake up on an empty stomach.  Thankfully i don't need all that fiber i'm missing out on, and other than that I don't really mess with any other root or fruit juice.  Personal choice.So this store is really cool because when you walk in you can see huge cambros full of raw veggies through the glass refrigerator doors.  They do everything in house, not in the front i would think but in the back.  They just store some in the front along with ready to be purchased juice bottles or samples with the help of Jamie or Marcella who are both knowledgable about their products.  Today, I was able to pick out my fav green juice, Bee Love (Carrots, Celery, Parsley, Spinach) from them with Jamie's guidance. I've also picked up Bee Effective (Apple, Zucchini, Spinach, Swiss Chard, Radish, Celery, Romaine, Kale, Parsley, Coconut Water), and it says it contain tree nuts, but it's actually the coconut. And just because of allergy season I never got to try, but I got two bottles of the Bee True To You(Cucumber, Lemon, Ginger, Turmeric, Honey, Cayenne) which has some local Honey in it.  I doubt two bottles will have any effect of the outcome, but i still want to try anyways.  Tasted good but got a nice throat kick to it with it.Juice Standard has an amazing thing going on.  I've only see a juice bar like this in cali, but these ladies have more confident in their own products which having me believing in them too.  And about once a week i'll need reassurance.  Tip:  Savor your juice.  Swirling in your mouth is important part of digestive system.  Your saliva has Ptyalin, an enzyme that helps break down food and speed up chemical reaction so your body can retain more nutrient.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,7/1/2014,441,148,17,26,25>MIND. BLOWN.This unassuming little place might not look like its fancy peers, but who needs fancy when your food is this good!!I have to say, Yelp stars were on point for this one. If I had just based it on looks, then I may have passed this gem over. But guys, I am dead serious. This is some of the best Thai food I have ever tasted!! I know I have only been here once, but I just had to shout it from the rooftops about how awesome the food is.My boyfriend decided to treat me to dinner, and I chose Thai. But he was actually the one that found Thai Food To Go (thanks Yelp App!). Upon pulling up in the parking lot, we didn't even really see it at first, because the strip mall it's in looks empty. We drove over to the other side, and that's when we actually saw the front of the restaurant.Inside, there are only a few small tables. Barely enough room to order your to-go food, even! I recommend staying there and eating. I actually really enjoined the no-frills, mellow vibe the place had going for it.To start, we ordered the Spring Rolls. They have both chicken and shrimp in them. I remember once I ordered the same thing at Lotus of Siam before, and it was a bunch of money wasted for these puny little rolls. Not here. You get a good sized portion and some of that sweet vinegar dipping sauce with the nuts in it, all for the same price, maybe even cheaper! For our main dishes, I chose the Pumpkin Curry, which was on special for around $7.95. My bf ordered the Duck Curry, spicy. Both of our currys looked beautiful upon arrival! Mine had large chunks of chicken and perfectly cooked pumpkin pieces. Not too soft, not too hard. The duck curry also had large meat pieces in it, along with tomato and pineapple.  Bf said that his was not as spicy as he had wanted it, but that was his only real negative thing to say (plus, they have more spices and sauces on the table if you need it).To finish off, I got the Mango and Sweet Rice dessert. Soooo guuuuud. We both had a Thai Iced tea, and they were very, very sweet. I loved it.This is my official favorite Thai food place in town! Be careful. If you do decide to go, it might ruin all other local Thai food experiences for you... But I'm sure Thai Food To Go wouldn't mind that at all!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,6/30/2014,335,920,19,27,24>Finally!! I've had the Charcoal Room on my list of eats since I moved out here a few years ago.  My neighbor, some co-workers, and even friends/family from California even recommended the Charcoal Room to me. But when it came to other Yelpers, most haven't been here or reviewed them.  The Charcoal Room has a lot of pros and very little cons.  You don't get what you pay for here, you get more.  And if you're having steak, you get a lot more.  I got their petite filet and it was delicious.  Their petite is about 6 oz, juicy, and most importantly, very tasty. Don't let the price fool you.  For less than $30, I had a steak that rivals some of the 5 star steak houses out here.  My filet was so tender that I think I used a butter knife to cut through it.  I had my steak with a side of their Caesar salad, lobster corn chowder, sautéed mushrooms, and asparagus.  All portions were huge and I ended up with leftovers. My GF opted for their roasted chicken and baked sweet potato.  Her meal was hooked up too.  I swear she was served half a chicken and a football sized sweet potato.  She said her meal was good as well.  I have no complaints about the service.  We were seated right away, our orders were taken, and our food was served in a timely manner.  I left the Charcoal Room very satisfied and my only regret is not coming here sooner.  We got a lot of food and paid less than $100 for it.  Yes...I'm sure I will be back.PS: No pictures of their steak and no pictures of their fabulous forks.  I was focused the night I ate here....focused on my beautiful date.  1OAK!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,6/29/2014,465,217,11,21,17>This is one of my favorite restaurants. Vincenzo goes out of his way to make us feel like a VIP every time we come in. Everyone is always so friendly and professional.The other night I tried the braised beef short ribs. They were absolutely amazing. I've been dreaming about them every since. Boneless and completely melt in your mouth deliciousness.  Served with blue cheese mashed potatoes. $31My roommate had the lemon chicken and of course I had to try a bite Very moist and tender, really good. $29 he also often orders the risotto $28-$30.The huge standout was the Caprese Martini, yes I said that right. CAPRESE MARTINI. Holy goodness it was good. It's only a seasonal drink, but I'm hoping that it sticks around for a little while. It's a little steep at $11 but oh so worth it.In the past I've had the Blackend Chicken  Rigatoni $28 and a super yummy Shrimp and Scallop Ravioli $27. Everything is always amazing. They also have an excellent Happy Hour from 4pm to 7pmDrinks are half price in the bar!!! There's also a special HH Food menu. This is a great place for date night or taking a group of friends for a nice dinner. A huge wall of windows, shows off  a nice view of the LV skyline There's also pretty large private dining room and a nice chef's table. I can't say enough about how much I love this place!!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,6/28/2014,286,188,12,16,13>I was hiking in Red Rock with that special someone when I mentioned  "animals," "zoo," and "wish I can pet some right now"; half an hour later I found myself riding the train towards the entrance of Bonnie Springs. This slightly hidden place is only a few minutes drive from Red Rock state park. You pay $10 to enter the town and zoo. As soon as you move past the rotating metal gate, you'll find yourself in front of a western-inspired town with little shops on both sides. In the middle of the town, there is usually a show going on and you can just participate casually anytime. We arrived as "The Hanging" was about to take place so we headed to the back of the town and sat on one of the wooden benches to view the show. It smelled of manure and dirt everywhere. Kids of varying ages were giggling and yelling all around me. I love it because I just fit right in!The zoo gate is off to the side of the town. It's not really a big place but enough to keep you occupied for at least 40 minutes. I was super excited while petting various animals including a sheep, deer, llama, horse, goat, among other animals. I even managed to chase after two little chickens to try to pet them. There is a section to the left of the town with a huge pond full of ducks and turtles. This area is free so you can go to it if you wanted to eat at the restaurant and walk around the pond; or if you're in the mood for horse-back riding or just to hang around a dozen or so peacocks, this is also the place. And as unconventional as this may sound, perhaps your idea of romance is to kiss that special someone next to a giant puddle of mud, two enormous buffalos and a scent of manure lingering in the air, this is also the place.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,6/27/2014,112,130,8,14,11>Browsing through Groupon, I found Legends Café offering up a couple different deals. After searching online, I was unable to find any solid info on the place and decided just to go ahead with purchasing the Groupon and trying it out for myself. The restaurant is located near the intersection of Rancho & Rainbow, just across the street from the Sante Fe Casino. They are two doors down from Dimas Tacos, inside the lot where the old movie theater used to be . The interior is kind of basic but has a nice homey, welcoming feel and they keep it very clean. There's a good amount of seating, but they offer to-go orders as well.We were seated by one of the owners, Yvonne, who was kind enough to answer questions about the restaurant and the food. She explained that there used to be another restaurant in this location called Dirty South, which I had never heard of either. When they took over about 7 months ago, they revamped everything and changed the name. They still offer classic soul food dishes, but after investing in a new $7k smoker, smoke complaints from neighbors down the street forced them to put their BBQ efforts on hold. Apart from that setback, they still have a decent amount of items on the menu including oxtail, chitins and even an AYCE option. I ended up ordering the fried catfish dinner. For $12.99, you get 4 decent sized pieces of fish, 2 sides and a dinner roll. The catfish appeared to be very fresh and was cooked well with a nice tender, flaky interior. My only complaint is they were a bit heavy handed on the coating/breading, so it was slightly overpowering. The flavor was decent and not overly salty, but I think they went to light with the pepper and spices, so it lacked that slightly spicy kick I prefer in fried fish. I was also able to sample the fried chicken and even though it wasn't as crispy as I think fried chicken should be, the batter was really good and had a nice, subtle heat in it. If they do the same for the fish, it's winner, winner catfish dinner! Screw the chicken!Ultimately, the sides are what really stood out for me here though. They have quite a few to choose from and it tastes like they put just as much love into the sides, as they do into the main dish. We ended up trying the collard greens, fried cabbage, mac 'n cheese and the potato salad. Both the greens and mac 'n cheese were some of the best versions I've had as a side at any restaurant. They do a sweet potato salad so I wasn't a huge fan of that but the fried cabbage was absolutely incredible. It's perfectly cooked with sweet, salty and spicy flavors but they throw in fresh peppers, giving it an amazing texture too.If you're in the mood for desserts, they have a handful of homemade offerings. Unfortunately, the lady who makes peach cobbler was out of town so we didn't get to try that, but we did order some banana pudding. I could tell it was made earlier as the bananas were starting to brown and the wafers were slightly soggy, but the flavor was still very good and I wouldn't hesitate to order it again.I'm not sure how this place has gone 7 months without making it's way on to Yelp but I sure hope they stick around. Not only do we need good spots to eat in the NW, but Yvonne and company are great. I don't drink sweet tea and even though we were the only ones in the restaurant at the time, she offered to brew unsweetened for me. Above and beyond service like that is hard to find and its much appreciated. Legends Café will certainly be seeing me again!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/26/2014,1407,1189,22,27,22>(L)ove  the fact that this is once a month-every last Sunday(O)ver 20 delicious items to choose from here...there's something for everyone(T)rust me when I tell you that this is some of the tastiest Thai food in town(U) need to get your butt out here for some tasty Thai for a great cause!(S)uggest you get here early (8:45-9am early!) for best selections(?)Le Thai?....Nah(K)omol and Lotus are way more pricey...you definitely get your money's worth here!(O)utstanding service from the people here...some of the best!(M)y favorite items are the Curry Puffs, Pad Thai, and Chicken Plate(O)rder your Curry Puffs one month in advance...totally worth it!(L)adies at the front are always ready with my monthly order of Curry Puffs...:9(?)Archi's?...Pass(N)oodle Soup is another item you should try here, especially now that its COLD!(O)rder your Pad Thai(s) as soon as you get here, the wait times are INSANE!(P)ad Thai sold out last month....it is THAT GOOD, and only 5 bucks!!!!(E)xcellent time with yelpers every month...if you haven't come out yet, hurry up!!!...(C)haiya Monastery members make all this food....That's authentic Thai food for you...(H)eat level in the Green Papaya Salad can be adjusted to your liking(A)lways be on the lookout for Sticky Rice and Mango...they sell out FAST!!!(I) love that you get delicious food while supporting a great cause(Y)elp gatherings here have gotten bigger every month. Come join us!(A)re you coming to this month's Food Festival? See You February 23rd!!!(!)!!!ALOHA!!!Shaka Meter:  \uuu/   \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5YELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(42/365) " Food For A Great Cause"
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,6/24/2014,425,88,15,28,22>Hands down, my favorite burger in Vegas! I don't even go for the fusion burgers (which are incredible) but rather a purists' version. Wagyu beef with cheddar, lettuce, onion, tomato, and ketchup. Simple but sweet and a classic all the way! Why mess with perfection?The burgers are always cooked on point here. I fluctuate between med rare and rare, and the fact that each time I switch it up and can tell the difference is a testament to the deft hands working the grill back there. The beef itself is pure, juicy, fatty indulgence. Add quality cheddar? A masterpiece. The buns here really set it over the top- a Taiwanese style sweetbread that's crunchy against the patty and veggies but supple on top, so that it melds itself around the rest of the burger.If that's not enough to bring you in, the Bachi pickles should be. With a great variety of about 6, each made in house, it's such a great way to start- and end!- the meal, especially with its digestive properties. Crunchy sweet garlic, bracing daikon, vibrant radishes.. The rotation changes on any given day.Out of all the fries, the salt and pepper are my favorite garnished with fresh leaves of cilantro, thinly sliced jalapeños and fried ginger. I love it with the Yuzu aioli.Endless matcha iced green teas, a great beer selection, creative desserts- there isn't a reason for you not to drop by.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,6/23/2014,682,135,12,23,21>A welcome addition to the ramen scene on the east side of town.  Located in an inconspicuous strip mall at the corner of Tropicana and Eastern, this is a true neighborhood ramen joint where one is always greeted enthusiastically at the door and local Japanese residents can always be spotted as regulars.  The decor is minimalist but modern and service is prompt and non-overbearing.  Appetizers that stand out are the karaage (Japanese fried chicken) and the gyoza (pork/chicken pot stickers).  The chicken is served fresh out of the fryer with a nice crispy exterior and juicy interior with a hint of ginger accentuated with a squeeze of fresh lemon whereas the gyoza have a nice char and the dough skin and filling are light enough to leave room for the main course.  After consuming 15+ bowls of ramen on multiple lunch break visits from work, the key words describing the soups here are consistency and balance.  Whereas I've had a few instances at Ramen Sora and Monta where the soups were either too salty or too bitter (black garlic oil was literally blackened garlic),  the broths here all have a creamy rich depth of flavor and are not overly cloying in the mouth so the resistance to reaching for additional spoonfuls of broth once the noodles are finished is quite low.  Noodles come in thick and thin varieties with decent texture although lacking any true inherent flavor only found at the top joints.  The standout broth for me is one of the relative newcomers on the menu: the kogashi (or burnt miso) ramen.  I've waxed poetic before on the Mallard reaction in chemistry  applied to food in a previous review(nerd alert!) but here again is yet another example of the magical powers of applying heat to rearrange amino acids and simple sugars to create a new unique flavor.  By charring miso paste, not only is there an intense aroma given off by the broth upon arriving at your table, but the flavor profile retains the savory note of the fermented soybeans we all know and love in miso but also has additional complex notes with an almost caramelized sweetness and a hint of bitterness that is pleasing on the tongue.  The crispy fried onions topping the noodles further enhance the umami tsunami.   I wish I could comment on the tan-tan men (spicy Szechuan style broth), but alas my first experience was on a full stomach from a previous meal so I must defer one to read other fellow yelper's raves on this other unique offering.For the most part, the choices here are safe and reliably consistent, much like dating the girl next door, but if you're in the mood for something a little more adventuresome and unpredictable, the krazy kogashi ramen or the spicy and fiery tan tan men are worthy "fuku-mi-mi" one night stands (had to do it,  the name of the joint is just begging for a little humorous acknowledgment!)  P.S.  Don't forget to partake in their generous punch-card system where one is entitled to a free order of gyoza or karaage with every fourth bowl of ramen purchased!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,6/22/2014,154,505,6,15,10>After teasing Andrew C about his experience with sausages here yesterday, Roger T and I had to check this place out to see the quality of the meat they were packing. I've been to and go to Chicago frequently, and wanted to compare Vegas Al's sandwiches to the likes of Portillo's, Johnnie's, and other spots I've had up in the Chi. After all, I went to school up in Illinois. Just like in Chicago everything is a la carte and there are no combo meals to be had here. I went with an Italian sausage, dipped w/ giardinera (50 cents extra), large cheese fries and a soda. The food came out pretty quickly and the sandwich and box of fries were a lot bigger than I had imagined (based on reading the reviews). My sandwich was nice and juicy with lots of giardinera, just how I like it. Maybe people in Vegas just have never had a dipped sandwich before because mine was perfectly soaked but not yet falling apart even when I was eating it. The giardinera had good flavor and a good kick. Just sucks that you have to pay extra...pretty sure they don't do that in Chicago! The cheese fries came in a box and it was way more than I could finish. I recommend going with small fries unless you're sharing them.Other than the extra charges for toppings, the pricing here was fairly reasonable, maybe a buck or so more than what they charge up in Chicago for beef and combo sandwiches...everything else seemed to be priced pretty similarly. I'll have to come back to try their beef and combo sandwiches and see if they are as stingy on the meat as the reviews are alleging. From what I saw on Roger's sandwich it seemed pretty reasonable but I could see them jipping you on the combo.While writing this review I realized Al's Beef is actually from Chicago although I've never been to one up there. I'll be up in the Chi again in July so maybe I'll look for one and compare it to Vegas.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,6/21/2014,426,67,10,19,12>I'm so grateful we have a new children's museum in Las Vegas. This one is definitely my favorite family friendly activity and a step up from the previous museum (Lied Children's Museum) in every way. First off, it's located in a much nicer part of town. They have their own free parking structure. No more parking your car in the triple digit heat near a questionable area. Much more square footage and many more exhibits that engage the minds of our next generation. It's on the pricey side so I'd highly recommend the annual pass. It's worth it. There's two lines when you enter, a members line and general admission. Not really sure why they separate the two since they both seem to move at a glacial pace. I think having more staff at the front would be very helpful. It's easy to lose a few hours here. There's so much to do and see. Smith's, Jamba Juice, a mechanic shop, bank, airport, veterinarian, puppet show, pirate ship, the traveling exhibits...my kids just love it here. Water world, young at art & toddler town are especially popular with my kiddos. I like that they kept some stuff from the previous museum. The tornado simulator & the demonstration "Cold Science" were always crowd pleasers. I just wish they would've made a larger picnic area or included a cafe. A few tables and a soda machine are not what I had expected.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,6/20/2014,428,198,13,20,14>Delhi Indian Cuisine has been on my radar for quite some time. I've seen the high reviews and wanted to check this place out. I'm so glad that I did because the food here rocks! (my socks).The lunch buffet starts at 11:00am and goes until 3:00pm. It is one of the better priced Indian buffets in town at 9.99. I came in and ordered the lunch buffet. The dining room is very clean and spacious. There is a large buffet area which is loaded with tons of food.The yelp check in offer was for either a soda or one of their house made lassi's, basically, a yogurt smoothie. They have a sweet one, a salty one, and a mango one. I ordered the mango. It was SOOO good. The flavor was very mango-ey and it was silky smooth and had a nice mouthfeel from the yogurt.As for the food, I would recommend anything! I especially liked their chicken, all of their versions of them were super tender. The goat stew was especially tasty as well. It wasn't too gamey and the sauce on it was fabulous! There wasn't anything on the menu that I didn't like.One thing that I thought was kinda weak was their garlic naan. I found the taste to be a little bit bland. And for their noodle, milk dessert was a little bit too sweet.Service was also kinda questionable. They seemed to start out pretty slow with taking our orders and getting our drinks, and after our first round of dishes they didn't clear our plates fast enough so that we were stacking our plates on top of each other. But, they were quicker at bussing our table during the middle of our dining experience.Would I come back? Oh, you know it, because I loves me some Indian food. And the food here is delicious, fresh, and tasty. And try the mango lassi, it's really good.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,6/19/2014,203,118,6,15,9>I was sad to learn that Cravin' Cajun had shut down and vowed to boycott District One right off the bat, like a pouty child actin a fool in my high chair.  Yet, after checking out the reviews and pictures on Yelp, I couldn't resist but to see what all the hubbub was about.  The dining set up is generally the same with minor accented tweaks here and there.  I was lured to this place initially because it didn't look like they took their "V" grade, turned it upside down and drew a line threw it for a fictitious "A" grade, unlike other Louisiana style seafood dumps.  Problem is, "the mob is fickled," and sad to say people sometimes are quick to jump on the bandwagon.  But enough about the old joint, it is obvious the new owners wanted to create their own niche.Nevertheless, the hip doctor undoubtedly paid a visit to this place and modernized it with an industrial/urbanish twist with the decor, ambiance and music genre playlist.  Even much of the old staff is still here, although, I bird told me that the new owners include those from Pho Kim Long amongst other unknown benefactors.I was hungry and was recommended to try the Mi Sate, as it looked quite filling considering that it is primarily peanut butter based.  It was sort of like Mi Quang, Kare Kare and sate stew had menage, producing a love child of savory goodness.  I added the grape leaf wrapped beef appetizers to switch things up as well.I gotta say, the dishes are unique, bold and a nice eccentric version on Vietnamese cuisine that is practically absent through the entire city and I only hope for their success.  Best of all, Vy, who looks to be one of the head honcho-ess (?), gave word that they will be offering Nikka, Hibiki and Yamazaki Japanese whiskey along with other unique refreshments.  It is now a must that I come back with like minds.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/18/2014,443,380,9,11,11>What a beautiful gem. Would have never known about this place had it not been for my couple of friends in real life and Christopher G's review not too long ago.Walked in on a Monday evening with no wait time. And was seated within seconds by a really nice waitress. Sadly I can't remember her name but it's a shame because she have fantastic service! She was blonde if that helps anyone :)We asked what was recommended and she told us about their famous burgers and meats. She also told us about their promotion of buy one get one free for the burgers hell of a deal since the burgers are only $8 bucks and up. We started with an appetizer. Spinach artichoke dip which was so creamy and cheesy. The kids loved it which is unbelievable. My kid eating veggies? Or something green? It is officially the end of the world. Our friends got a burger and chicken buffalo strips. Around $10 each. Mine was personally $11 but came with BBQ sauce, onion rings and crispy bacon cooked medium. Delicious! Cooked to perfection and the best part was the side. It comes with onion rings or fries for next extra charge. Here's the kicker.. You can have half and half! Whoopy! Most places don't so that anymore and if they do they charge extra. I was so excited! The couple we dined with said I acted as if I won the lottery. Ha ha, meanie heads. Hey, I love my food what can I say. The onion rings tasted beer battered like the ones at yardhouse. The children's menu is extremely affordable. I got my daughter the cheese quesadilla, which I thought came just with a drink for $3. But instead it came with a order of fries too, which I wasn't expecting. Awesome. My husband loved his club sandwich. Which he said was huge and he could only eat half which if you know my husband is unheard of. Crazy talk I tell you. So, big portions are here as well.Customer service was great. They were quick about giving us refills which we never had to ask for. And extra napkins because they knew we had kids This is officially my new burger place. I can't wait to come back. Too bad it's not closer to my house!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/17/2014,127,112,9,13,11>This place was gooooood. Service was great the guy with the long blonde hair was super helpful and patient with my bf and I this afternoon when we went to check it out. He even told us some of his recommendations and gave us a couple samples of the side dishes to try before we got them. I ended up choosing a rib and chicken combo. It came with 3 ribs, a breast, a leg, 1 side and a drink. I chose mashed potatoes as my side. Bf got the 12 chicken wings and a side of mac and cheese. We loaded up on different dipping sauces at the salsa bar and sat down. We waited about 10 minutes but the food was fresh and hot so I didn't mind. The chicken was good had good flavor and was not dry as others said. The ribs were good as well but the star of the meal was the chicken wings my bf ordered. Grilled with their homemade bbq sauce they were crispy with a little char on them soooo damn good. The mashed potatoes were pretty good but the Mac was not good at all. It was pretty bland and watery I should have went with the chicken pasta salad. Next time for sure and there will most certainly be a next time.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,6/16/2014,162,212,18,21,20>Real Japanese food made by real Japanese people! =happy Pat dance! I read that this place is a sister restaurant of Ichiza (which we all love)A little Japanese lesson before we proceed...Kushi means skewer or stickAge means to fryAgemono means fried items. Put them together it means fried sticks. That my friends is the premise of this restaurant. All (well almost) are on a stick and fried! It's not as bad as you think it's a far cry from your frat buddies "fired party". All of the items are light and not dripping of grease. Most of the items are fried katsu style; breaded in egg and panko however, the are tempura items on the menu as well. If you are unsure what to try I would recommend ordering the Omakase (chef choice special). The night we went it had a happy mix of veggies and proteins. I knew what I wanted so I ordered ala carte instead. I enjoyed all the items we ordered especially the Gyu Tongue and fired garlic. A nice touch with this place is the dipping salts that they provided with your meal which enhanced the flavor of everything. This place is authentic Japanese and is a tru rendition of what age-mono really is. Eat with confidence.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,6/15/2014,893,876,11,19,12>Located next to Heart Attack Grill and in front of Toy Shack - a bar in front of a toy store? Why not?My friend and I came here on a week night so the place was quiet. We were greeted by a sweet gentleman at the door who told us how this place works. You go to the bar and order what you want then, you can sit at the bar or get a table. Our bartender/server was Alexis and she told us about our drink options. You can get beer by the pint, do a flight of 5 beers and popcorn for $10 or the tasting tray with all of their 8 beers for $12. The tasting tray made the most sense to me so my friend and I got 2 trays. Instead of rating each one, I've ranked them 1 being my favorite and 8 as my least favorite.Sandia:Watermelon wit. Pilsner, wheat malt and white malt. This was fruity and I would get a pint of this next time. Rank: 1Session:Blonde. Pilsner, caramel. This was the tamest out of the group. This blonde did not have the most fun. Rank: 8El Heffe:Jalapeno hefeweizen. Pilsner, white wheat, pale malt, cara pils. This was awesome. I love hefeweizen and the kick from jalapeno is ridiculously good. Something you must savor. Rank: 2Perfect Ten:American pale ale. 2-row victory honey malt, C60, rye cara pils. Rank: 5Hoppy Ending:IPA. Rank 6Hops Anonymous:IPA. 2-row cara pils honey malt, caramel malt. Rank: 7Downtown Brown (DTB):Brown ale. Chocolate pale 2-row, C60, C120. I normally wouldn't finish chocolate stout/ pale but after this tasting, I have a better appreciation of delicious chocolate beer. Rank: 3Simply Stout:Stout. Black barley, caramel malt, honey, pale. Tastes like coffee. Rank: 4They have 2 flatscreen TV's that are both on ESPN, yay! I'm not a hug beer drinker but I love this place even if they don't serve food. They only have Popped popcorn in cheddar, dill pickle, chocolate and buffalo ranch.I don't always fancy a beer but when I do, I end up having a conversation about the gym, March Madness, chicken fingers and monster nipples. Which means we stayed there 'til closing.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,6/14/2014,186,246,11,14,16>If you're anyone who's anyone, then you know whats up at the Cannery! A new Luxury+ Theater in Vegas?!?! Well, it's true. Now I don't have to drive some 45 minutes, completely annoyed, to Hendo-land when I want to see a movie in style. Because that's what seeing a movie at a luxury theater is, seeing a movie in --STYLE--!! When you are seated at a regular seat at a Lux+ at the Galaxy, you are treated to a squishy, comfortable recliner seat that you can use all on your own. I suggest that you get your seats online, even though not a crazy ton of people visit this location yet, since the luxury part is still relatively "new". It will make it easier to choose seats and sit with whoever you came with--because no matter what anyone says, it IS sad if you watch a movie alone!!! Also, this is really the only seat in which you should be drinking alcohol! YES, other than popcorn and snacks, if you're 21+, you can purchase some beer or wine to take with you into the theater! Talk about a great experience! Just hopefully you remember your movie the next day ;) or so you can argue about the details at the end!Other options that the Galaxy offers is DFX and D-Box. -DFX: Bigger, better screen and better sound! -D-Box: Your seat moves along with the sounds of the movie, proving for a better experience!!!!! Usually only action movies. Can I just say...uhh D-Box is crazy FUN. It was a few 7-8 dollars more than a regular ticket, but I thought it was worth it for certain action movies that you are particularly excited for! I saw The Amazing Spiderman 2 in D-box, and it was just..cool. If there is an action movie I want to see next month, hopefully they offer it in D-box. It was just an experience. ALMOST like a ride. Almost. I do have a suggestion for Galaxy Dbox seats, they need something to support your feet off the ground. Because honestly, when your feet touch the ground, you lose a lot of the movement and feeling of the "ride". It WILL be strange, but if you do this, lift your feet up, you'll thank me :D!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/13/2014,572,333,15,25,19>Zen and the art of the tanning bed.  I have tanned before and my ex managed one and I can honestly say this one is not like the rest.  I was greated by the owner's fiance as Nyki was not there today.  Jake is a motivational speaker and certainly takes pride in the salon and its underlying concept.Jake showed me all the beds and the air brush room.  There are three tanning beds and 1 red light therapy bed plus the air brush room.  Many places call it spray tanning but here there are no spray machines, just the art of Nyki and her studio space.   They have super high intensity beds and basic beds.  Some very notable things that stood out are 1) Jake has extensive knowledge of the tanning process as well as the human mind. 2) The beds all look meticulously clean, new and in full service.  I can't tell you how many tanning places I have been where the beds have faded buttons, lights that are not working, or just look used.  Here, everything looks brand new.  3) The rooms are huge.  Most places minimize space to maximize the number of beds but here, you have room to move around without bumping into the bed, the table, the chair....  The rooms are decorated with themes instead of making you feel like you were in a janitor's closet.  You can write uplifting messages on the walls and are encouraged to do so as well as jot down positive thoughts which are then shared with Jake's school program where he speaks to kids with depression.    Finally, they take pride in the studio. You must remove your shoes and your negativity at the door.  I am glad I decided to check it out.They currently offer the following deals for Yelpers and possibly non-yelpers too.1) Free Hug. 2) $35.00 for $55.00 worth of tanning. This will get you 7 tans in the basic bed or 2 in their higher beds.3) Free first tan (a short one.)In addition you can either pay for a certain number of hearts to spend on the tanning machines or you can get monthly tanning.  One of the best things about it is they do month to month billing so you don't need to sign a long term deal to get the better prices.  The prices are reasonable and competitive with chain establishments.All in all, it was like stepping out of the real world for a few minutes.  If you are in Henderson and want to tan, this is the place you should go!.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,6/12/2014,425,246,13,24,18>Craft cocktails at the Linq!Blvd. Cocktail Company is the latest pre-prohibition style offering from the folks behind Commonwealth, Park on Fremont, etc..  Blvd is at home in its touristy Linq setting and is probably the best option in this Linq area for quality, craft cocktails.  The bar is tended by a combination of stellar mixologists and adequate bartenders...be sure to order from the stellar mixologists (choose wisely, one of the best in town is here) if you are going off-menu in the craft direction though.A hipster design firm vomited all over this space and as a result, the setting is hip and trendy with POF wallpaper and paintings, while a giant light bulb chandelier dominates the center of the room.  Live music is cranked out of far too many speakers at an exceedingly high volume entirely mitigating your ability to enjoy conversation...but the music does seems to be on point as far as quality goes.  There was a fantastic artist playing the Saturday night we came down and I heard great things about the previous weekend as well.It is a challenge for me to rate Blvd.  I would give out 3 stars for the tourist trap setting of the Linq.  It would be 2 if based on the volume of music....Maybe as high as 4 stars if judging simply on  the interior and theme of the bar.  But an easy 5 stars for the drinks from Juyoung.  You can do the math, that's a 3.5 Star average...it could go either way, but I'm going with a weak 4 Stars.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,6/11/2014,218,145,9,15,12>I concur, this is a 5 star Cookie Bar... It's alcoholic cookies! How isn't this a 5 star idea. Located on East Flamingo, inside the Cannery West Shopping strip mall, The Cookie Bar is located next to The Village Pub. You will see a massive banner to show where it is, but just look for the cannery west sign and walk in.After seeing a few quite decent yelp reviews, I decided to give Cookie Bar a try. Packing my bags and taking the trip from Summerlin over to East Flamingo we arrived with an intriguing sense of wonder as to what the Cookie bar was. Once we walked in two pleasant young ladies who happen to own the cookie bar, showed us everything they had to offer.The first cookie that grabbed my attention was the Black Irish, Guinness flavor with a mix of chocolate!! Put simply, Heaven!!!! Next up was Tipsy Velvet, a nice mix of a lite alcohol and red velvet!!! I will say the blend is great. You can taste the alcohol but it isn't overpowering.Checkin and get the free Buzz Kill Cookies...They also provide Non - Alcoholic cookies as well!!! Most are in both versions of the cookies so don't feel you can't drop by because you don't drink alcohol, they are just as good!!!! The young lady also gave my son a Twisted Krispie on a stick which I can't seem to get off him!Service here was amazing!!! For a family run business that has not been opened long, I give massive props!!!  Once the rest of yelp community swings by and grabs some of these amazing cookies, maybe they can open in Summerlin!Cookie bar doesn't just sell from this store, you can order online and they cater weddings and other special events. OverallService: 5-5Cleanliness: 4-5Cookies: 5-5FYI: They also sell these sweet little kids cars that the parents can control by remote and also after a little bit, control can be changed to the driver!!! Pretty sweet
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,6/10/2014,344,499,7,23,18>Venturing out and trying new AYCE spots in town! I am really anxious when trying new places, because very rarely does it surprise...in a good way at least.  But Naka does well!Some highlights :Great quality nigiri here!  They had very fresh Ahi, Sake, Fresh Sea Scallops and Hamachi.  I was surprised they had Anago on the AYCE menu, and it was pretty fresh.  The Uni was a bit watery in consistency but it still had a smooth flavor/finish.Fresh Oysters....these were great! Love the ponzu like sauce and hot sauce combination!Soft Shell Crab appetizer. This was a large crab, cooked well, and surprisingly meaty! Yum :)Sashimi Salad. Lots of great tasting ahi with a tasty dressing and greens. Fried Jalapeno Popper...surprisingly spicy! Loved the spicy mayo concoction on top.Service was fast and friendly.  I say if you are on this side of town, you should give it a go!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/9/2014,266,85,24,23,20>Yo Imma let you finish but Fat Choy has one of the best burgers in all of Vegas!!!!Have you ever had a meal so surprisingly good that you had to go full kanye? Well Fat Choy did that to me. Now I'll be honest, fat Choy isn't a place I would've found normally because it's inside the eureka casino, which is one of those off strip casinos that seem to be filled with the same group of anonymous gamblers. The decor is interesting. It's diner style, lots of interesting pictures and a chalkboard with the daily specialNow about that food. There's the pork belly BLT, it's exactly what it sounds like, a BLT with pork belly that's so soft and tender that it's  slap yo mama good. The duck bao was money. I found out after that they started off as a food truck selling that, which makes sense. The piece de resistance is the eponymous fat Choy burger. Im gonna just roll call the ingredients, please try to not drool on the screen: half pound patty, short ribs, bacon, egg, onion jam, plus all the regular burger fixings on a soft bun. I demolished that burger quicker than usain bolt does the 100m. Long story short, this place is filthy good. I love this place, everyone I brought here loves it. Odds are if you read this far you'll love it too
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,6/8/2014,275,247,12,13,12>I attended a wedding here yesterday, or rather, a vow renewal, for some dear friends.  This place is Bad A$$!  :)I usually cry at weddings, but this one was so awesome, I didn't have time to get emotional!!When we walked in, we were greeted warmly by the staff, asking if we were there for mini-golf or for a wedding, since its all in the same venue. They let us know that the bride and groom hadn't arrived, but we were free to go sit, or wander around and check the place out.When everyone got there, we were all shown into the room, and the ceremony started.My friends were renewing their vows, and as they are a touring Punk Rock duo, they wanted a ceremony that was ROCK AND ROLL...and they got one. The minister/officiator was dressed as Gene Simmons, and the ceremony was fun, with vows being sung, and a chorus of "Hell Yeah" from all of us.There were plenty of pictures taken, in the chapel, and then in another separate room.The staff was great, and kept everything organized on running on time. If you're looking for a fun, themed wedding, that is absolutely kick ass, and ROCK AND ROLL...I'd come here for sure.I can't speak to their prices, as I was just a guest, but I do know my friends had a pretty tight budget, and they were super happy with their day.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/7/2014,1421,143,24,31,28>FOIE GRAS...F-orget O-ther I-nsignificant E-xperiences G-et R-eady (for an) A-mazing S-andwich at Goodwich.That is what possessed me to drive from Henderson to Downtown with a growling stomach looking for a unique lunch and not settle for everyday boring because my usual lunch date has stomach issues.I get to this little shack around 12pm with normal looking people standing in line...not a weird downtown crowd at all. I didn't know what everyone meant by "OG"...until I looked across the street and saw OG Topless Bar (good landmark)...maybe where the bad witch lives lol.I walked up to order looking at the simple menu (with descriptions of ingredients, yay) knowing I was going to try the much talked about "Foie" even though I had a lot of apprehension from never having eaten foie gras in my life. I was bewitched by all the positive descriptions everyone posted about this sandwich that I had to have it...good, bad or otherwise I was going to try foie gras today. The gentleman who took my order was very reassuring that it would be a treat for me and that at $9, it was a great way for me to try it and not break the bank. I found an empty chair to eat that made me feel like I was a young student at school having my favorite sandwich at lunch.As you can already tell, I LOVED it! Such a strange combination to put together but it all works. Foie gras mousse/terrine that had a creamy texture with light earthy, almost truffle-like hints (not at all gamey), this very crispy thick chicken skin (like when you hit the crispy skin jackpot on a perfectly roasted chicken), chopped almonds, and pickled purple cabbage that made sense as a necessity to cut the richness of the foie gras, all inside a grilled crunchy white bread that scrapes the inside of your mouth a little. Creamy, crunchy, savory...I couldn't believe this taste explosion that I enjoyed with each bite to the last. Oh yes. I finished the whole thing! I was really blown away how much I enjoyed this sandwich. It was life changing lol. It would be wonderful to see Goodwich occupy a space in the upcoming Galaxy Market in the Arts District...a space for artisanal foods, craft brews and aspiring restauranteurs.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,6/6/2014,821,451,15,33,21>forget-about-those-other-foot-massage-places-that-waste-your-1-hour-treatment-time-by-soaking-your-feet-for-half-an-hour-this-no-frills-straight-to-business-foot-massage-business-is-the-real-deal-no-happy-endings-here-unless-it-refers-to-satisfied-customers-with-their-full-body-therapeutic-massagesi-actually-dropped-in-on-a-whim-as-i-was-feeling-very-uncomfortable-with-severe-neck-and-shoulder-cramps-i-did-the-quick-yelp-search-to-see-which-massage-places-are-still-opened-and-picked-one-of-the-closest-ones-i-parked-at-the-massage-place-next-door-by-accident-but-am-very-glad-i-walked-the-last-few-feet-to-good-seasons-foot-spa-for-their-ancient-professional-reflexologymy-therapist-was-tom-and-i-learned-that-he-has-been-doing-this-in-california-for-12-years-he-was-definitely-an-old-pro-at-helping-customers-feel-better-with-his-expert-hands-if-all-you-are-expecting-is-a-good-foot-massage-tom-will-probably-be-overkill-if-you-walked-in-with-sore-shoulders-and-back-tom-is-the-one-you-should-seek-outi-am-so-satisfied-with-my-first-experience-that-i-made-an-appointment-to-go-back-in-12-hours-now-if-that-is-not-a-ringing-endorsement-i-dont-know-what-else-would-qualifiednote-15hour-grand-opening-special-applies-before-midnight-after-that-it-is-20hour-visa-and-mastercard-accepted-but-american-express-is-not-recognized-1-per-swipe-surchargereview-17-of-2014
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,6/5/2014,133,60,8,15,10>After Yelp-stalking the reviews, photos, and menu of Echo and Rig, I decided to bring my fiancé here for our five year anniversary.  I have to say, it was the perfect choice for our special night.We arrived at around 7:30 on a Monday night.  It seemed like a steady night for them, but we did not have to wait long for the host to escort us to our table.  We were given a table for two, somewhat tucked away towards the back of the restaurant.  I really enjoyed our comfy nook, as I had a wide-open view of the whole dining room.  I noticed a patio area which will be nice to check out a warmer day or night.The crowd was very eclectic the night we visited.  It was a mixture of well-dressed Summerliners and casual dressed folk.  Personally, I prefer a nice restaurant with a mixed crowd.  It made for great people watching when I took a look around the dining room.  I felt comfortable in jeans and a nice sweater/blouse.  We waited close to ten minutes before our server got to the table.  I'll cut him some slack because I noticed that he had a number of tables.  He immediately noticed our bottle of wine on the table and ran to retrieve a couple of wine glasses.  Oh, I believe I forgot to mention a very important tip!  You can bring your own bottle of WINE (as long as they don't offer that same bottle of wine on their menu) and they will open it with NO CORKAGE FEE.  This my friends, is absolutely wonderful.  Upon returning we chatted with Jackson about some of his favorite items on the menu.  I have to compliment Jackson on being very knowledgeable, well spoken, and personable.  Now onto the real reason you are reading this review!  Food, glorious food!  Here is what we ordered:Portobello Fries:  Crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  This dish is served with a herb aioli for dipping.  4/5Bone Marrow Carne Asade:  Gelatinous marrow complimented with an orange slice, onions, and something else.  I will admit that I ordered this out of curiosity.  I've never had bone marrow being the rookie foodie that I am.  The texture wasn't great, but the flavors were good. 3.5/5Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes with Sharp White Cheddar:  Creamy and sinful.  These taters were very good but after about ten minutes the mashed potatoes cooled down and the cheese kind of separated from the potatoes.  Eat 'em before they cool down.  3.5/5Cauliflower with Chili de Arbol, Crispy Shallots and Onions:  This was extremely flavorful and my favorite dish of the night, besides the steak.  This dish plays on elements of sweet and spicy - highly recommended!  5/58 oz. Bavette steak:  This was one of their special cuts for the evening of 12/23/2013.  I believe this was a Wagyu cut.  I'm not a connoisseur of steak, but I can tell you this was delicious.  It had a nice crisp texture on the outside and a tender/ medium rare inside.  It was also super affordable (23) and just enough protein.  5/5Cappuccino Sundae:  A nice ending to a phenomenal meal.  This sundae features cappuccino ice cream with cubes of sponge cake.  We ate this while sipping on coffee and enjoyed the contrast between hot and cold.  5/5Will I be back?  You betcha!  I can't wait to return and explore more of what Echo and Rig has to offer.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,6/4/2014,135,529,15,27,19>Clever name, a take on the sub-genre of Western films, except with a "y" at the end. Possibly to sound more "Americanized", like they did when changing the spelling of the last names when immigrants arrived through Ellis Island. The menu pays homage to the old films with sandwiches named after them, like "Hang 'Em High" and the "Magnificent Seven". Greeted at the door by Andrea, he immediatley started telling me all about the meats and cheeses in the deli case. A thick Italian accent, and a very enthusiastic sales pitch, we started talking about where he is from in Northern Italy, he went on to tell me all about his products in the store. The place is small, but they have a pretty extensive menu.  One of my favorite things in life is a charcuterie and a cheese board, complete with a glass of wine. I now have this in my neighborhood. Pretty large selection of imported Italian cheese as well as imported cold cuts like: speck, prosciutto crudo, soppressata, mortadella and your usual salami and pastrami. The cheese is what really peaked my interest, the gorgonzola was off the charts delicious. A strong bite, this is not your usual gorgonzola that we are used to. Fontina and Asiago rounded up my tasting. They have an assortment of pastas, some made in house, some imported from Italy (they are frozen) as well as house favorites like eggplant parm and steak milanese. Also available are some housemade desserts (try the Tiramisu, it was fantastic) as well as imported Bindi Cakes. They do have beer and wine available as well. They offer seasonal specials, like rice arancini, which I will definitely come back to try. Andrea said they do cater, and they also offer cheese/cold cut trays. This is a true Italian Deli, don't come in looking for a turkey sandwich and complain that they don't have it. It's not Subway. "Whattsa matta you"!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,6/3/2014,229,118,22,27,27>"SAKE SAKE BOOM BOOM !SAKE SAKE BOOM BOOM !"Oh, not right now? Well, if you had a fun group like we did and everyone was doing sake bombs then that is what you would be chanting before you take your group shot. Remember to out-do any groups surrounding you.. That's what we tried to do. Tip: Try their pomegranate one ;)I have been here before when it was Geisha House and it did NOT impress me so I am glad that it is now Kanji. If you have never tried teppanyaki before then I suggest trying it here so you can see it done right.The staff is attentive, hilarious, and will drink with you. Pro Tip: Do the Ji Shot (thank me later).My favorite starter was the Beef Tataki, great presentation and tasted amazing. The egg rolls and shrimp tempura were also ordered and shared amongst all of us. Our teppan chef was Joshua, who was very skilled and entertaining. He kept our group cracking up the whole time he was cooking our food on the iron griddle. Thanks for giving us food shaped as a big heart, Spongebob, flowers, and all the other things you came up with during the cooking process! It was all so delicious, especially the steak.I will be back for more and to try out the Green Tea Cheesecake that I was too full to order!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/2/2014,410,224,17,31,23>Yagyu, Yama Sushi, Yellowtail, Yonaka, Yoshinoya, Yummy, Yusho, Yu-Yu, Yuzu.  There are many Japanese restaurants in Vegas that begin with a Y.  Some are much more authentic than others, and some are definitely more delicious.  While Yuzu comes in last place alphabetically, they are near the top of the list when it comes to their food.  Yuzu would also probably get you more points in Scrabble than the other restaurants.  The service is friendly and quite attentive.  This is not really an entree style restaurant, it's best to go with friends and order multiple dishes and share family style.  We tried many things, so I'll just go through each of them:Sashimi Salad Yuzu Style - Tuna, salmon, yellowtail, carrot, celery, cucumber, radish sprouts and seasonal vegetables.  The description doesn't do it justice: It's like a Japanese mini- taquito or flauta, but instead of meat & cheese wrapped in a tortilla, it's julienned veggies arranged lengthwise and wrapped in sashimi, served on top of greens.  The presentation rocked my socks.Cold Green Tea Buckwheat Noodles - The noodles had a good texture and firmness, but green tea noodles typically don't float my boat.  Because it's hard to float on noodles.  And I don't have a boat.Yellowtail Jalapeno - Good, but many restaurants have this.Halibut Carpaccio -  Instead of a typical soy or citrus sauce, the halibut was served in a basil sauce.  Good flavor and texture, the basil wasn't overpowering.  Just enough to tickle your fancy.Yuba Sashimi - The menu notes that this is limited to five servings a day; all tofu is made in-house, and this is the tofu skin resulting from that.  I liked it more than I thought I would, but I'm a bigger fan of the zaru tofu.  Still, it's good to try what homemade tofu tastes like to see if it tickles your pickle.Zaru Tofu - Zaru means basket, and tofu means tofu.  Yuzu's house made tofu is served in a basket with some grated veggies.  Put the toppings on the tofu, pour a bit of the zaru sauce on it, mix and eat.  The sauce was like a less salty, slightly sweet soy sauce.  I liked this dish a lot; if the Yuba Sashimi tickles your pickle, this will turn your pickle into a cucumber.Chicken Karaage - Good rendition of karaage.  Not too oily, the chicken was flavorful and moist.Salmon Collar - This was cooked very well.  The salmon was not dry at all.  Not a dish I typically order though.Yuzu Sorbet - Yum, yum, yum.  This is a perfect treat for summer, plenty of refreshing yuzu flavor.Black Sesame Pudding - Tasted just like black sesame, but didn't float my boat (pudding buoyancy, lack of boat)Soy Milk Pudding - Tasted like soy milk.  Nothing wrong with it, pudding just doesn't teeter my totter.Unlike other restaurants, Yuzu's menu is not large, it consists of a single sheet of paper, double sided.  The above represents a good chunk of the menu, and everything was executed well.  Although many dishes are served with a sauce, nothing is over powering.  Flavors can be delicate, but are balanced.  One visit has already made me a fan, and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/1/2014,235,106,15,22,17>Those who know me will tell you I am one difficult person to impress, a fact that still has my mother wondering where she could have gone wrong. But I promise you I can be impressed, and when it does happen, even I get a little chill up and down my spine. If you hope to get my attention, especially with food, you better hit all the right notes at all the same time. From presentation and taste, service and atmosphere, right up to the bite you take out of my wallet, everything needs to fit just perfectly together if you hope to get a rave out of me. You can have the world's best food, but if I have to wait an eternity in line, or drop a small fortune, or suffer miserably apathetic service, then even the world's greatest food can suck.But when everything you do fits perfectly together; when the food is good and the service is friendly and the price is a bargain, that's when you're doing things right. And then there are those rare occasions when all those elements come together, except the food is not simply good it's extraordinary, that's when you're going to start making some serious impressions in my book.Imagine for me, if you will, a simple bacon cheeseburger. If you are like me, it always has been, and likely always will be, one of life's great guilty pleasures. Now imagine that simple bacon cheeseburger: with thick-cut smoked bacon, silky-smooth gruyere, arugula, and perfectly seasoned, grass-fed beef with just a hint of garlic aioli on top. Add all those elements together with the understated genius from The Blind Pig's kitchen and you have a bacon cheeseburger that requires no additional adornment, that challenges the lines of what makes a great burger. If you can imagine that (or better yet, if you can stop by The Blind Pig and try one for yourself) well then you will know firsthand what it takes to impress me - and I can promise you, I am very impressed.Everybody knows you can get some really great burgers in Vegas these days, but I always find myself walking out wondering whether the extra cost and extra effort were really worth it. I will hold The Blind Pig's $12 "BP Burger" up against any burger in this town and say simply - "beat that!"Can't wait to try what's next.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/31/2014,231,230,13,23,20>I don't just hand out 5 star reviews. ESPECIALLY after only one visit. But I have absolutely not a single doubt that I will be back for this incredibly fresh seafood. AND I DON'T EVEN EAT OYSTERS! We came on a Saturday night, and luckily since there was a fight going on, there was NO WAIT!! (note taken: come on fight night) After reading a ton of reviews, I pretty much had my heart set on the Signature Pan Roast with shrimp crab and lobster at about level 8 spice level, long before my arrival. But I also got a cup of New England style chowder first. Other than being along the coast in Oregon or Washington, best I have had!  This clam chowder was thick, with HUGE amounts of clams. Exactly what I expected. My bf got the shrimp scampi, and the stepson went with the Bouillabaisse. It literally had one of everything in there! Like a big fish stew! Even the sourdough rolls they brought to the table were great. And watching the chef cook your food, as well as others is the best part! My boyfriend is semi allergic to shrimp, and he still wanted to return for one of those beautiful lobsters.The spice in the pan roast was perfection, however next time I will get one scoop of rice instead of two. It soaks up the spice which I am sure most people usually love. The chunks of crab and lobster were full of flavor! It will be hard for me to order anything else. The service was great, and in a casino you can't always expect that. Overall a wonderful place for good seafood and fresh shellfish!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,5/30/2014,1040,88,15,27,22>A good Pho restaurant in Vegas?! Can it be??Yess!! It's about time that I write a review about this place. I live right down the street so you'll find me here for dinner if I'm too lazy to drive out or cook for myself. Their location is great for me, but for the masses they are at a huge disadvantage. They are located on the south side of town, 20 minutes or so away from Chinatown, which is where most people who seek out Vietnamese or any type of Asian food will go. They are also hidden in a complex where there storefront cannot be seen from the street.When it comes to Vietnamese food, I am quite spoiled. I grew up on my grandma's homemade Pho, so most Pho restaurants in Vegas don't even compare. Pho Annie though...hits the spot! Satiates that craving. When I order a bowl of Pho, I like it to be perfect without me having to add any of the condiments available. Hoisin and sriracha should be a dipping sauce for the meat not to flavor the diluted bowl of broth that some places try to serve. Of course everyone has their preferences but regardless the foundation of the dish has to have substance to begin with. Their broth is perfectly balanced...very hearty and full of flavor (but not salty) unlike many other restaurants that will serve diluted broth or broth that tastes like MSG. The noodles aren't soggy or undercooked and the vegetables are fresh. Everything just comes together. Service could be better, but Vietnamese restaurants are notorious for awkward service. The servers do not look you in the eye when they are talking to you or taking your order. They most likely won't be checking up on you. HOWEVER...you will get your food within 5-10 minutes...which is nice. If you're looking for authentic Vietnamese food, seek Pho Annie!!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,5/29/2014,533,627,15,32,23>HEALTH IS HAPPINESS  The Peccole Ranch Walking Trail (PRWT) is an unsigned Summerlin trail system in the neighborhood bounded by Hualapai Way to the west, Charleston Boulevard to the north, Fort Apache Avenue to the east, and Sahara Avenue to the south. After experiencing PRWT, I see it as three connected concrete trails winding through a continuous linear park. Trail 1 starts at Hualapai Way to the west which is 0.4 miles north of Sahara Avenue. A tunnel carries it under Grand Canyon Drive. After intersecting with a spur trail, it heads northeast. A second tunnel carries it under Red Hills Drive. Leaving the tunnel it parallels Apple Drive up to it concludes at Trail 2 near Charleston Boulevard. This is the physical fitness trail. Fitness stations with cooresponding descriptive signs adorn the parkscape. They include a vertical ladder, chinning bars, and squat-stretch bench. If health is happiness, this is the trail to happiness. Trail 2 runs south of the commercial and residential development along Charleston Boulevard from Hualapai Way to a couple hundred feet east of the Apple Drive tunnel. Trail 2 weaves through a linear disk golf course. Trail 3 is the spur trail off Trail 1, which continues the due-east direction of PRWT past a surface crossing with Preakness Pass to the easternmost point at Fort Apache Road.  In late November, I spent a couple of hours enjoying an adventure on PRWT. It reminded me of its sister linear parks in Summerlin: The Pueblo Park and Cottonwood Canyon. However, there were a few characteristics that separated PRWT from its sister linear parks. In comparison, it is a more compressed space bordered by walls instead of larger homes up on hills; with the exception of the trail east of Preakness Pass,  the landscape is golf course green grass; and parking lots are nonexistent.   My adventures along PRWT color me impressed. Graffiti is nonexistent. Mature pine trees and colorful trees that left sprinklets of fallen leaves on golf course green grass attracted birds. Birds were everywhere. Many of the adjacent backyards have humingbird feeders. The white concrete trail is a work of art that gently weaved between the bordering walls of the linear park and under picturesque tunnels. Green streetlamps complimented the parkscape. The gentle inclines added texture to the trail. And the fitness stations are a celebration of good health.  This is an unadvertised trail. Signing and parking lots are nonexistent. My advice is to park at either the Sahara West Library parking lot or Hualapai Commons Shopping Center anchored by Smith's at the southeast corner of Charleston and Hualapai. To reach PRWT from the Sahara West Library, you will walk north on Grand Canyon Drive for 0.4 miles until you reach the overpass. The Hualapai Commons is adjacent to PRWT. Both parking lots are a relatively short distance east of the 215.  After spending a couple of hours exploring PRWT I felt uplifted and a few pounds lighter than when I came into the trail. I felt healthy! As the sign says on the fitness trail "health is happiness. " And because this is the season of giving, I want to give people happiness by recommending an adventure on the Peccole Ranch Walking Trail.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/28/2014,220,202,7,19,11>After visiting this museum, I wish I was one the mafia's wife or mistress because damn...they treated their women good! haha. Or even a Mafia Princess. Shoots. ;) I would love to live their lifestyle with all the glitz and glamour of early Las Vegas.Locals are $10 admission fee plus you have to pay $5 (cash only) for a parking fee. I was there for about 2 hours...could've definitely been longer if I actually read every single infomation they had posted. I loved learning about the rise and fall of the Mob and their attempt to take over Vegas, but power, greed and $$$$$ got the best of them.The museum is three stories high and it's located in an actual courthouse where hearings from the Mob used to be held. I got kind of an eerie feeling when I was in the courtroom watching a short documentary about their court hearings. I wondered if there was ever a gun fight that happened there. I would definitely recommend this place for tourists and locals alike. It's great getting to know the history of Las Vegas and how the Mob created and also changed Las Vegas. Come stop by the heart of Downtown Las Vegas and make a day out of it. As much as I love how the Las Vegas Strip is nowadays, I miss the old school feeling. So I appreciate how Downtown LV still have that "back in the days" feel. Plus having The Mob Museum here is like the icing on the cake.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,5/27/2014,101,180,11,18,16>Let me tell you...I'm very (VERY!) picky about my car, who works on it, and how it looks at all times. I was raised to believe that your vehicle (and it's cleanliness) is a sign of your personality and outward expression of your life in general.  Mine, it must be perfect, end of story.I had my Audi in the shop to repair my front bumper, fender, headlight and foglight after an accident.  I just got my car back and it is perfect; that's the only way to describe it.  The paint matches perfectly.  The parts fit back perfectly.  The factory tolerances in the seams are perfect; yes I checked.  The car was returned clean inside and out.  The job was completed exactly when they said it would be; no BS excuses or monkeying around.  Car. Fixed. Perfect. On. Time.These guys are pros, plain and simple.  One thing I require, and they deliver, is frequent updates on the status of my vehicle...I won't sleep well otherwise.  Every other day I received an email from Don giving me the scoop and where they were at in the process.  Love it!I don't know how these guys compare on price to other shops in town and I really don't care.  This place provides high quality labor and it's worth the cost.  Check out the back of the shop...I challenge you to find a cleaner environment.  This is my, and should be your, go-to body shop.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,5/26/2014,319,231,11,15,12>When it comes to having out of town guests visit, we usually try to introduce them to Vegas' Ramen options because, at least in SF, good ramen means a long drive and headache finding parking for not-out-of-this-world ramen. I still don't know which ramen I prefer, Ramen Sora or Monta Ramen, but I think I have come to the conclusion that both are delicious in their own right, Ramen Sora is just easier to get a table at, which means we end up eating their more often, which means I get tired of it faster. BUTTTT.. I'm still a fan. It's really hard not to compare the two locations and I thought it was really sad during the Aki Matsuri festival that neither restaurant's booths got much love/patronage during the event.Some pros for Ramen Sora:-Broth is really, really rich-I prefer their Chasu rice bowls over Monta Ramen (they even come in mini sizes)-Gyoza are always cooked well-Tables are easily moved for large or small parties-A couple of TVs if you really want to catch a game-Wait is definitely a lot shorter than Monta Ramen-They don't charge for hot tea, which Monta Ramen doesWhen it comes down to it, Las Vegas is lucky to have so many solid ramen options nearby and you can't go wrong with coming here.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,5/25/2014,91,127,21,23,15>So this was my second time coming to this facility and let me say that the second time around was ten times better. And I KNOW that's mainly because I knew what to expect. So let me start this review by describing it through the eyes of a first timer.(Cue in reminiscent music, pan in on face then fade out) I came here with my sister for Christmas 2012 as that was our Xmas present from my brother in law. He for sure wanted to have his wife and sis in law pampered so insisted we go to a spa. Being the glamazon princess that I am I pushed for Qua but my sister didn't want to break the bank on her hubby and pushed this place. I gave in as there is no sense in arguing. After all its a gift and I'll be appreciative no matter what or where it is. So off to Imperial Spa we go.Now I've never been to a korean spa so had no clue what I was in for. With that said nor have I ever been to a naked bath house either and that's basically what I got. Not that that is a bad thing....it's just that I'm not used to seeing that many naked women in one setting...especially naked women that can pass for my mom and aunties. AWKWARD. So it was DEFINITELY initial shock. Naturally my sister and I were shy about being naked and walked around holding two 12x16 towels over our lady bits. But after being overwhelmed with the inundation of nakedness, my sister looked at me, exclaimed "Screw it!" and dropped trout. Due to her apparent "freedom" I shrugged and tossed the towel too. And there we were, the Naked Sisters, experiencing what the world would be like if clothes weren't invented. We decided to check out all our options. There were several SAUNA ROOMS: dry salt room, herbal room, salt room, and a dry room. We ventured in all four and I would have to say my favorite is the herbal room as you can smell the herbs. It was very relaxing if you can tolerate profusely sweating. Prior to enjoying the three different tubs--think of it as Goldilocks: cold, warm and hot--you're required to shower before entry. So there are showers equipped with shampoo, conditioner and soap dispensers. I used all three and all smelled lovely. We then ventured upstairs/2nd floor, which is the co-ed floor. Btw, you have to be clothed for the coed floor--this place is not that free love. There you'll find an exercise room, two media lounge areas with leather recliners and couches; the restaurant, skin/beauty/massage rooms, and three different DETOX ROOMS. I like to call them detox rooms as they are the following: red clay balls, jade, and red clay. They emit into your body releasing your toxins and promotes agelessness and function. Actually, just go on the website for a better accurate description as my review definitely is not medically approved. For additional costs, you can get other services--and no I'm not talking happy endings--head over to Chinatown for that. Sister got a bath scrub and I got a stone massage. So having returned for a second time last night with a girlfriend who isn't shy to bare all (caveat: groupon states that its recommended to be naked however upon check in it clearly states that it's REQUIRED to be in your birthday suit), we ventured in every area included in the day pass. My favorite experience was the red clay balls. I thoroughly enjoyed wiggling myself deeper and deeper into the miniature balls however try not to make too much noise as most of the areas are Quiet Zones and you WILL get looks. We did also eat at THE CAFE and ordered the beef bulgogi. The prices are expensive, the plate alone cost $18. However it does come with sides of kimchee, tofu, and seaweed. I wished, wished, wished I had my iphone with me so I could upload pictures of the food--it would make you want to eat the pictures! I was nosy enough to look at what the other patrons were eating and their food looked just as yummy. With that said, although pricey at least it will taste good. RECOMMENDATIONS:In case they don't give you any sandals, bring some as the floors get extremely hot in particular on the co-ed floor. If you don't want to be bouncing around like a Russian dancer or one of the seven lords a-leaping or walking like a penguin, bring spa sandals. The locker room can get pretty cramped as there's only two "ottomans" centered there. There is a lounge area right by the lockers. I would suggest changing in there if the locker room does get clogged up. Come with an open mind and a mind that's ready to reach zen. OVERALL, I like this place. I like this place a lot. So much that my gf and I plan to come here at least once a month. I seriously could have fell asleep amongst the sea of red balls......its the following morning and I still feel so zen.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,5/24/2014,464,819,7,13,11>As we walked in we saw the "cash only" sign and started to walk out since my wife and I only had about three bucks in cash combined. One of the employees said they could take credit cards after we told them why we were leaving. How convenient. Obviously, they just don't want to deal with credit card fees. I can't fault them for that, but it's not exactly a business practice I like.Our lunch consisted of the goi cuon ($4.95) -- shrimp and pork spring rolls that were missing any sign of pork. The bun cha gio ga nuong ($7.95) was decent. egg rolls and charbroiled chicken with noodles. The portion size was plenty but the chicken lacked flavor. Adding plenty of fish sauce helped a little. The broth of the pho tai ($7.95) had plenty of flavor and was the highlight of the meal.Service was excellent and friendly. They didn't have a problem with me sharing the bún with my son and even brought out a separate bowl with noodles for him. Located at Jones and Desert Inn, it's closer than other Vietnamese places so chances are I'll be back.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,5/23/2014,2581,216,10,18,17>LOVE this place! With the gimmick of "wine on tap" your going to have a hard time finding a better casual wine bar in town. I cant get away from the Gernache Blend. Its a California Red, and wow is it amazing. It reminds me of a soft cab, but with a heavy finish. Ive tried the Riesling, pinot grigio, and one other red, im blanking on the name, and all of these wine choices were great. My boyfriend tried a few beers and loved them as well. The manager Kat is a doll. she provided us with great service. They dont have any gluten free options on their menu but if you ask the cook nicely he will make you a sandwich in a lettuce wrap instead. I had the turkey and brie, wow that was yummy. Its a very small space but they make do with what they have. This was by far the best service and wine selection in the Container Park.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,5/22/2014,903,497,18,27,23>After seeing so many of my friends check in to this place and proceeded to give it no less than 4 stars, I knew it had to be good. Just the pictures alone made my gut instinct (also known as my stomach growling and my mouth drooling) tell me it was gonna be good!So I take my wife here to dinner on a late Friday afternoon around 5. We are greeted warmly and are seated immediately. Nice place. Very spacious. They even have a little stage for bands to perform I assume. Before we even see our server, there was already another guy putting down a basket of chips, salsa, and bean dip on our table. Talk about calming down a hungry customer! What an awesome feeling it is to chow down on some delicious chips and salsa while trying to decide what wonderful menu item(s) to order. Besides the chips and salsa, they also give you a cup of fideo soup before your entrée comes out. So we go with Juan's Flaming Combo for 2. It's your choice of two meats (Chicken, Steak, or Pork. Shrimp is a dollar extra), grilled with onions, green and red peppers on a sizzling fajita skillet. We chose Steak and Shrimp. When they bring it out, not only is it sizzling, but they throw some alcohol on top of it (some kind of tequila I think) and ignite it with a lighter. Which at this point makes you understand why they call this place "Juan's Flaming Fajitas and Cantina". This dish comes with your choice of rice, beans, and pico de gallo or sour cream, guacamole, and sautéed veggies. I went with the first choice while my wife went for the second so we can try all options. Turns out all items are very good. Of course to round it out you get either flour or corn tortillas because what is a fajita without the tortilla? It's like having a gun with no bullets or brushing your teeth with no toothpaste. It just wont work without it. As for the service, we didn't have to ask for anything. One thing that really stood out was that even though our server was doing an excellent job already, another server from another area saw me finish my water and as I was putting the empty glass at the edge of the table, she proceeded to fill it with fresh water. Wow! I like the fact that other servers are not just looking after their own area, but are more than willing to help out their fellow servers when it comes to simple things like refilling water glasses. Bravo to whoever does the customer service training at this place. Keep up the good work for im sure every customer will notice these things.So any time I see or hear of anything fajita, I will automatically think of Juan's Flaming Fajitas! Im looking forward to bringing my friends and family here! Ole!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,5/21/2014,149,586,7,19,8>I adore the International Marketplace but I only seem to make a trip to shop here when I get back from a trip overseas and I have to find THE European item I fell in love with across the pond. I need to stop doing that and make it a monthly habit! This store is like Heisenberg's crystal blue for foodies. It's a huge warehouse / grocery market / Asian housewares shop / fish market all in one. If you are looking for some weird international food from China, Japan, Germany, India, the UK, Spain, Italy, etc., this is where you need to be! I drop at least $50 every time I shop here because it's just so much fun! I've purchased imported fresh German sausages, frozen Japanese fish balls, frozen British pasties, fresh Indian spices, German gingerbread (at Christmas time), lovely Asian teapots, fish crackers, Greek delicacies, Coleman's mustard, sugar free Torani imported syrups, Italian pastas and olive oil, Mexican pinatas and more. It's always an adventure combing the racks and browsing the aisles here. Make sure you stop in the fresh seafood market in the back of the store. They have the most exotic offerings (fresh eel, anyone) and it's a food market lover's delight.There's a fresh Chinese food takeout right in the front if you get hungry, sort of like an "authentic" version of Panda Express. Great selection of foreign candy (they even carry the same sugar free chocolate bars that I bought on a trip to CROATIA)! I think foreign candy is a great way to expose kids to other cultures. There's also a nice selection of imported snacks too. You aren't required to purchase a $10 membership to shop here. I wanted to clarify this because I avoided coming here at first 'cause I was too cheap to shell out ten bucks to shop in an uncharted store. You can OPT to pay $10 if you want to save 5% on your purchases. I've never done it because of the time value of money and all but if you are going to spend a bunch for a big party it might be worth it.Be sure to check the expiration dates on the items you want to purchase! This is a big store and they have a varied inventory which means lots of inventory doesn't get rotated out as often as it should. The ratio of fresh to expired items is higher than it ought to be so make SURE you look for that "Best By" date.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/20/2014,92,220,9,19,13>I'm seriously upset with myself for waiting this long to go get me some fried chicken :) KFC in my mind stands for Korean fried chicken and I have been looking for a place to match Bon Chon in New York and this place is as close as it's gonna get!  The chicken is extremely crispy on the outside and so moist on the inside it makes the white meat tastes like dark meat!  I love all the sauces they offer but the soy garlic is my favorite.  The family size is a huge portion and can easily feed 4-6 depending on ones appetite.  The dishes come with some ban chan (side dishes) and the cabbage salad with thousand island is a nice pairing to the spicy flavors in some of the dishes and chicken flavors.  We tried the bulgogi fried rice and that was tasty as well.  We also ordered the stir fried gizzards and I would have to recommend not getting it....not enough flavor and overly chewy.  But I'll overlook anything for good fried chicken or in this case SUPERB fried chicken.  Just two words bomb diggity! Similar concept to Soyo but with a cheaper price point.  The chicken beats the chicken wings at soyo and beats the fried chicken at Bazic.  Definitely give this place a try if you are a fried chicken connoisseur and perhaps you can head next door for a little karaoke action afterwards.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,5/19/2014,76,51,8,15,11>I would have to say I enjoy this taco y taco location over the other. It looks nice on the outside as well as the inside. There's plenty of seating with the downstairs and upstairs area combined. I love the decor and how bright and open it is. I wasn't quite sure about the DJ booth, but I guess it's hip and cool huh. I also liked the bar they offered although I don't usually partake in alcohol consumption that early in the day.My one complaint is that they stuck the salsa bar right in front of the taco lines. Of course we were there when it was busy so everyone was trying to form around it. It was a mess and nobody knew where each line was going. My second complaint would have to be the tea. After selecting the unsweetened ice tea and running upstairs to eat we discovered that it was raspberry instead. Someone made an oopsie. After we stood in multiple lines to get an array of tasty tacos we headed upstairs to chow down. And boy was it delicious! The Al pastor was flavorful and we also tried vampiro which we had to ask a friend exactly what that was. But in the end I think the vampiro won me over and is now my favorite. We also had elote which my son devoured before I could get two bites. Ha ha.All in all I enjoyed it and I would definitely choose this one over the other location.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/18/2014,126,178,12,16,16>Honestly, I would have never stepped foot inside a bingo hall had it not been for a friend's birthday party.  After that, you couldn't keep me out of them!  I even have my own daubers (I don't need no electronic muh-sheens).The staff is always nice and efficient here.  Also you get 2 complimentary drinks - alcohol included!  I tip a couple bucks each time.  They start promptly on the hour, so I would recommend showing up at least 10 minutes in advance to secure your card, your drinks and your seat.People with the machines will make you grumble to yourself when you hear that "beep beep beep" of someone being one square away from bingo.  Bah!I absolutely dig this place.  BRING CASH!  And take the time to sign up for a South Point Players Card - you'll save some $ by doing so.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,5/17/2014,201,75,7,22,12>Oh Sakana, how I love thee!  I've been searching for the perfect sushi spot for years and I think I've finally found it.  Your best bet to go is for dinner, I've tried their lunch ayce and it did not compare.  The winners are definitely the one per person dinner items.  Their uni is probably the freshest & sweetest I've tried at an ayce joint.  I love how small their rice portions are, it's the perfect rice to sashimi ratio.  Some of my favorite things include D's Guys Roll, Something Wrong Roll, Baked Mussels, Pork Belly, and Super White Tuna nigiri.  And their monthly specials located on the blackboard have been heaven in my mouth!  Be sure to check it out.I've gone probably about six times now and with each visit, it gets better.  They try different sauces to top of their Towering Sashimi Poki and other items.  I've noticed they've been changing their menu up by adding Pork Belly and new appetizers as well.  Desserts are also unlimited!  They offer tempura ice cream, deep fried banana, black sesame manger, green tea panna cotta, mochi, and ice cream.  The manger and panna cotta have the consistency of creme brûlée minus the caramelized top.  Try them all and find your new favorite.  I always end the night with plum wine ice cream.  The only downside is that they don't have fountain sodas, so no refills... and hot tea is not free either.  But other than that, this place is amazeballs!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,5/16/2014,519,1603,8,22,18>I was here in January for our Yelp Book Club meeting and we decided to have our last meeting of this year at the Martini again.  I came an hour early and had dinner.  The dining room is small in width but runs the length of the building.  There's a nice wooden wall with some fireplaces that block the dinging room from the bar section and makes a great spot for our book club meetings.I started with the Caesar salad.  Good dressing with nice croutons.  There was a lot of salad.  It wasn't a starter salad but rather like a dinner salad without meat.For my main course, I ordered the chicken scaloppine.  While the menu says it's a chicken breast with artichoke, mushrooms, and prosciutto there was no artichoke.  The breast was very lightly breaded and fried and served with seasonal vegetables and risotto.  The dish was very good.  The artichoke would have added some to it, but it stood the way it was very well.For dessert, how could I resist the deep fried Oreos with ice cream?  Four battered and deep fried Oreos and a martini glass of ice cream.  It was very good, but the Oreos lose something in the deep frying.  The creamy inside got lost with the fried crust of the batter.  If someone should offer me this again, I wouldn't turn them down.My server was named Princess.  She was very good.  Great personality and good service.  She kept my iced tea filled all during my meal.  As I was tackling dessert, one of our club members arrived and we were soon discussion our book about living in a Mumbai slum.  I felt somewhat guilty.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,5/14/2014,172,155,7,19,8>This new Thai restaurant replaced the Mega Ramen restaurant that was there before, and I do believe this is an improvement!  The inside is much more open and finely decorated.  The service was experienced, nice, and attentive.  The server obviously cared what I thought about the food, which is always a good sign.  I ordered the fried calamari and the Pad Ga Pow (might be spelled differently on the menu) with beef.  Interestingly enough they do not serve pork here!  The calamari was quite nice.  It came with about half tempura squid and half tempura veggies.  If you can forgive the veggies and don't mind eating a little healthier, I would recommend this dish.  The batter was very, very light perhaps one of the lightest I have had, but had enough flavor to keep it interesting.  They use the typical Thai style sweet and sour sauce, clear and pinkish red in color, not too sweet, and with light tasting chili flakes.  The Ga Pow was very unique and surprising.  I haven't had this dish prepared in this style before.  The waitress informed me that it is more of a Southern style Thai restaurant.  The meat was very lean and finely minced.  At first I thought it was hamburger by the look, but I was definitely mistaken when I tasted it.  It was very light and almost fluffy.  No feeling of extra grease or fat.  The veggies (onions, bell peppers, etc) were well prepared and fresh tasting.  On top of jasmine rice, it was a very light version of the dish.  One thing to note here is that this place is quite a bit hotter than most Thai restaurants.  The waitress warned me that my 3/5 was VERY hot.  The spice level did not disappoint, and I quite enjoyed the heat level balanced with the lighter flavors.  The dish was not sweet at all, which deviates from the typical version of this dish you find in Vegas.  Very light on the palate and the stomach.  The one criticism I might have is that it also wasn't very complex (no or very little basil, mint, etc), but as simple as the flavors were they worked very well.  I am very curious about the style of this Thai cooking.  I most certainly will be back to try some of the other dishes like the curries and noodle dishes.  Their motto is no sweetness, and I like that in a Thai restaurant.  Sakina is a fantastic and unique addition to the Thai food scene in Las Vegas, and in my opinion a must try for Thai food lovers!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,5/13/2014,482,363,9,19,14>Ruben has been wanting to check the improved Gold Spike out for a while, but I've been hesitant - what was there to see? Well, I was wrong! It turns out I've been to Gold Spike during a Superhero Pub Crawl a couple years ago. The only thing recognizable now was the bar! What used to be a casino is now comfortable Love Sacs, modern furniture and decor, a bed, and various games. It's quite the transformation.After admiring the area, Ruben and I settled down for a few games of Tic Tac Toe with a large version set on one of the tables. As we continued to venture, we discovered shuffleboard (deck version), cornhole, billiards, life-size connect four, and more. We also played a game of connect four, which we really enjoyed!Another neat feature is an art installation by Miguel Rodriguez. You peer through curtained slots while sitting at a "bar" and it's neon paint and objects against a black backdrop. You may also be able to go inside?The best part of this newly renovated Gold Spike is definitely the "Backyard" as they've coined it. Complete with synthetic grass, patio furniture, fire pits, additional cornhole games, life-size jenga, life-size beer pong, bullet trailer, and "Cold Spike," their ice skating rink. Admission is $10 and skate rentals are $5, but I read that this is an all-day price like The Cosmopolitan. The rink looked nice and it's large compared to the others in town, however, I heard that it's not really ice! Which makes sense why they haven't shut it down yet and have no plans on closing it for the season until they figure out their next move (the attendant shared that it's possibly being converted into a roller rink). The furniture was rather dirty, so I didn't take the chance of sitting down, but we really enjoyed a game of life-size jenga! Make sure you wear shoes or run quickly when it falls! Overall, really cool place to chill with friends and grab a couple drinks. The only mood killer was the smell!! It reeks of bad bathroom freshener that was trying really hard to mask (rather than eliminate) odors, but failed miserably. It was hard to stay inside for a long period of time and you could still smell it while in the Backyard as well, though not as bad.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,5/12/2014,400,1236,11,18,14>That bread, though. Every time I think back to my exceptional meal at Streetcar Po-Boys, all I can think about is their amazing bread. Perfectly crusty and doughy, I would come back for that bread alone. Luckily, Streetcar has a lot more to offer than just mind-blowing bread. After hearing the recent rave reviews for this very new restaurant, I could not wait to give them a try. The decision to drive so far out of my way for lunch was made even easier with Yelp Deal they are currently offering.The moment we walked in we were greeted warmly by every server in the place. I was already impressed. The restaurant is larger than expected and very cute. Lots of booths with plenty plenty New Orleans flavor gracing the walls and sound system. Service was extremely attentive and friendly.My mom and I decided to each get a sandwich and share an order of corn fritters. I went with The Bourbon Street and my mom ordered the Da Saints. Our food took a little while coming out since there was a very large takeout order being prepared, but our waitress kept us in the loop so we happily chatted and took in the ambiance while waiting.The food finally came out and I was floored. We had both ordered the regular size po-boys and we were sure glad we did. These sandwiches were enormous and smelled so good. We dug right in and all the flavors were just perfect. Perfectly crunchy bread that complemented the very juicy and messy nature of my sandwich. I'm usually not a fan of food that is that messy to eat with my hands, but it was so tasty I didn't mind. The corn fritters were delectable as well. My mom's favorite were the homemade chips, perfectly cooked and seasoned. Refills were plentiful and we each enjoyed our meals quite a bit. Try as we might, my mom and I both had an entire half of a sandwich to take home with us for later. I had been looking forward to trying some of their desserts, but we were just too stuffed. Next time my plan of action will be to share a sandwich, since portions are so generous.I will be back, and soon!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,5/11/2014,664,612,9,27,18>I got a few e-mails from The M announcing this new restaurant, which opened on Thursday.  Eric R.'s birthday is tomorrow, so we decided to celebrate on Saturday night here.  He was thinking sushi initially, and since this is not far from us and also has a sushi bar, we decided to check it out.  This is in the old Marinelli's restaurant spot and is very swanky.  There is a green light trim (the previous restaurant was red-lit).  Right when we were seated, Chef Seonkyoung Longest (winner of Restaurant Express on Food Network) was making the rounds of every table and we were next!  She was so friendly and talked to us about her restaurant, and she showed so much pride.Our server was Doug and he is fantastic.  He was very friendly, informative, and personable.  We talked to him about dish sizes to make sure we were not over-ordering.  I started with a Yuzu Rita (yuzu juice, grand marnier, soju, simple syrup) rimmed with sea salt, and Eric R. had the Pacific mojito (in fact, 2 of them) AND jasmine green hot tea, which was by tea forte and in cute little pyramid infuser.  All of the serveware was very cool, with a theme of white wavy patterns.  The salt and pepper shakers were like puzzle pieces that fit together (our little marriage theme too, awww) and had white wavy patterns, the white napkins had this pattern across it, plates were rimmed with it, the tea pot also....soooo cute!  I liked it a lot!  Water glasses were stemmed jewel tone dark green which which was really cool and went with the green mood lighting.We started with 2 apps, the duck sliders (5 spiced duck, cucumber, steamed bao with kaiware, cilantro and green onions to add) and Korean "street tacos" which was deconstructed: 3 scallion pancakes (wish there were 4!!!), bulgogi, cabbage in "kimchi sauce," and shredded vegetables (radish, peppers) with sriracha-lime sauce.  Chef Longest stopped by to check on us after we had our apps.  We told her our entree is the bimibap, and she cheerfully told us that her mom came on opening night and approved of the bimibap (FYI: Chef grew up in Korea).  Apparently this was one of the top dishes from the show that she made.The bimibap was served in a beautiful bowl with the egg perfectly poached easy on top, with a side of the sauce.  The server wanted to mix it up with the sauce but Eric R. tasted it and felt the slow burn in his non-spicy palate.  We declined and I just mixed it with the poached egg.  We then split it and then I added the sauce.  Everything was sooooo good.  I loved the shiitakes in the dish.Next, we ordered a little sushi: the Lady Luck Roll (salmon, tuna, hamachi on top, inside asparagus, gobo, avocado) and toro nigiri (3 pieces for $10, I think the 3rd was given to us for Eric R.'s birthday though).  The quality of the fish was excellent.  The maguro on the menu is bigeye and there is also blue fin tuna available.  For Eric R.'s birthday, he got a beautiful strawberry-white chocolate dessert with gold leaf on top that was just beautiful and delicious.  He loves both of those things so the restaurant nailed it.  However, the chef encouraged me to try the yuzu doughnuts because of my yuzu-love.  I guilted Eric R. into letting me get a 2nd dessert since he had 22 drinks and I had one.The yuzu doughnuts came out pretty quickly.  They were described as yuzu-cream filled but they were actually not filled.  Also troublesome was the fact that they were room temperature.  I just expected warm to hot doughnuts.  They were just like room temperature dough drizzled with yuzu cream and topped with chopped pistachios.  The cream was fine (not as yuzu-y as the drink) but the temperature of the doughnuts just did not work.  Eric R. actually asked one of the chefs walking back toward the kitchen about it, and he immediately said they are supposed to be room temperature because otherwise the sauce would break.  I guess I personally didn't like it but other people might.  Just get the yuzu rita!!Overall, service is great, the Chef is really enthusiastic, the ambiance is nice, and the food is excellent.  Also, the prices for food and drink are very reasonable ($8 for a specialty cocktail!) We will definitely return!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/10/2014,214,227,9,11,10>Most people admire Elvis for his incredible music talent or his movie star good looks.  I admire the man most for fathering the Fat Elvis.  I've had it as a sandwich.  I've had it as an ice cream (Shout out to the Dairy Kastle in Louisville) and now . . . I've had it as a doughnut.  Got a dozen to go for some visiting family.  I could leave the Key Lime Pie and S'mores.  They were just eh.  But the Fat Elvis and apparently the Peanut butter cheesecake -- because I wasn't fast enough to get a bite of that one -- are incredible.  I also thoroughly enjoyed the fruity pebbles covered doughnut.  This location is 24/7, but if you are trying to do this as breakfast, roll out early.  On Saturday at 8 a.m., the line was out the door and they were selling doughnuts faster than they could fry them.  Grab a fork and prepare to feel like Elvis right before the end.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/9/2014,350,281,10,16,14>This is the best movie theater ever. Here are my reasons: -You can buy tickets online-You can pre-select your seats-Parking is easy and ample in the parking lot-Ticket pickup is easy at the front via the kiosk-You can buy beer and wine! -The pour for the wine is huge-The seats are preassigned so you can just come in 5 minutes before the movie starts, rather than coming early to get good seats. -No cell phones in the theater or you will get kicked out with no refund-Electric reclining leather-like seats-Plenty of leg and walking room between the rows-It's a smaller theaters so when you need to go to the bathroom, it's not 3 blocks away, just 100 feet or so away-Staff are nice and seems to enjoy working here-Lastly, people... can you please pick up the garbage you brought into the theater!? I understand if you can't for the popcorn that fell all over the place, but there is no excuse to leave your other crap. Thanks.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,5/8/2014,112,148,6,17,7>Wow wow wooooow!!  I had heard that Ivy Laser was amazing, but after a few failed attempts with laser hair removal in the past, I was hesitant to believe the hype.  ...Well, color me hairless and call me a believer!  I had two areas lasered right before vacay - underarms and the other important area to laser before a Caribbean vacay.   (If you're unsure what I'm talking about, you probably aren't from a Middle-Eastern descent...like me.)  A few days after, I didn't notice a difference and was super bummed!  So, feeling defeated, I shaved, thinking it would be the first of thousands and thousands of times I'd have to do it again.  (Sigh...)  But wait!  A week later, I noticed that ALL my hair follicles were mysteriously inactive.  Not one sign of growth.  It was all just...gone!  She had mentioned that it might take a few days for the hair to fall out of the follicles, but I had totally forgotten about that.  OMG!  IT WORKS!!!It's been a MONTH...an entire month...and I haven't even had to go back in.  I know that it takes 4-6 treatments to banish hair for good, so I actually can't wait until I need to go back!  I am going to laser everything from the eye brow down, and I encourage everyone to come to Ivy Laser and do the same!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/7/2014,83,156,9,17,14>The best little hole in the wall in Vegas!Came here with a group of girlfriends from work, one being from Russia. We had made a reservation ahead of time, for which I was glad. At 7 pm, the place was pretty packed, but began clearing out a bit around 8 pm. Here's what was on our table:Adjarski Khachapurri - giant boat bread with soft cheese and a cracked egg. This was amazing. The flavor wasn't overdone and it was fresh out of the oven!Beef Strogannoff Ragu - we all know what this is and it was awesomeVereniki and Pelmeni - two different types of dumplings with sour cream. They were not overly greasy and paired with the sour cream...amazing!.We ordered some of their signature house drinks and a bottle of wine. I have to give the food 5 stars. It was so nice to go to a place where the tapas wasn't pre-made and sitting under heat lamps getting greasy and dried out (*cough* Firefly *cough*). The food was not overly seasoned to cover up the lack of quality...like a lot of places do. The vegetables and fresh seasonings (scallions, parsley, etc.) served with each dish really complimented the home cooking and quality ingredients. The service was slow, but due to everything being fresh out of the oven, it was more than acceptable. Plus, in Euro culture, you take your time to eat and talk. Why is everyone in such a hurry?! We stayed here for over 4 hours listening to the live music and chatting away. It was a really nice atmosphere, and we all left happy.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,5/6/2014,277,200,10,14,13>I really, really like this store! And that can be a dangerous thing for my wallet!I've grown up a lot in the last few years and my taste in style has changed, and this place has almost everything I like in clothes. Some things are a little pricey which is why I always start at the sale section which is located in a small room at the back of the store.Besides clothes, they also carry home decors such as pillows and candle holders,  bath and body items, and even little trinkets for the kitchen.The last time I was here, I was approached five time by five different sales people asking me if they could put the clothes that I had picked out in the fitting room. When I told them I did not want to try on the clothes, they asked if I wanted them to be held at the register. I could understand being asked once or twice but five times?!?! That's a little too much but they were very nice and polite about it.The place also smells really nice and the scent hits you right when you walk in.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,5/5/2014,479,129,15,27,23>I give it to our waiter, Christian and the steaks!The outside is a bit "ghetto".. But soon as you come in, it's almost like a renaissance, back in the old days, touch of vampire feel.Similar to the Artisan Hotel on Sahara.We sat at the bar first while waiting for the infamous happy hour at midnight! I only did like one cocktail that night and it happened to be my friend's, the Pimms Cup - which had ginger ale, cucumber and lime. I usually don't like cucumber drinks, but this is the drink to try there! The other cocktails I had just had a weird after taste to me and so just wasn't a fan.Midnight hits, we're seated at the table and so we ordered our steaks and other desired items. I ordered the 18oz Ribeye Steak with side of the Garlicky Spinach. Grilled to perfection, tender, juicy and oh SOO delicious! You can def taste the quality in the steak! My side on the other hand was, as you expected, garlicky. I had asked for it to be a little less garlicky, but nonetheless still a good side.The group ordered Penne, Chicken Wings, New York Steak, Kansas Bone In, sides and more drinks!Christian definitely accommodated our every need and was very knowledgeable of the items/ drinks on the menu! He even topped off our night with a complimentary dessert, which I couldn't, unfortunately have.Nothing beats great service and food!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/4/2014,207,584,11,16,17>Loved this place. It gets 5 stars for delicious cocktails and cheap prices. The most expensive cocktail was 10 bucks! My favorite....brace yourself....the Pickle Back. Wait til you hear whats in it......sounds gross but it was the best one I tried. It's Jameson, shot of pickle juice (hence the name), ginger beer and spicy mustard simple syrup. WOW. So good. I had 2!!!I tried a few others, the granny one, the sourcerer one, and I just really really liked the PB. The place is so cute, with living room style seating, bar seating, and an outdoor patio. They had a live band Saturday night, but I'm not sure if it's every night or weekends only. A major plus in my book is it's blocks away from Goodwich, so you can grab a few drinks, walk over to Goodwich and get a sandwich, and come back and have another!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/3/2014,328,389,7,16,13>I was trying to kill some time Downtown last night while waiting to meet my husband for dinner.  I stopped at The Beat to look at some vinyl, talked to some homeless guy that was standing in the middle of Fremont Street... you know, the normal Downtown Thursday night stuff.  I was on my way to grab a happy hour special or two at Park on Fremont when I noticed the new coffee shop/news stand at Inspire Theater was finally open.  So I took a chance over there instead.The coffee shop just opened up a couple days ago and was still pretty quiet inside.  They offered a large menu of hot and chilled caffeinated beverages, as well as hot chocolate and some other drinks for those who aren't caffeine junkies.  I'm honestly not a coffee person, but will have one on a rare occasion and so I ordered a Caramel Macchiato Frappe.  A small is $5 and a large is $6.  They don't provide ounces for the sizes on their menu and since I'm not a Starbucks person I don't have anything to compare it to for you folks at home.  Sorry!Despite being a brand new coffee place, the girl behind the counter knew exactly what she was doing and had my order ready for me in no time.  It was delicious and had plenty of whipped cream and caramel drizzle to satisfy my inner fatty.  I took a seat inside and enjoyed the expansive, bright space not known to many coffee shops.  There were magazines galore hanging on the walls and great music playing overhead (AC/DC, Van Morrison, and Pearl Jam to name a few).  This is definitely my kind of place.The only thing that I couldn't figure out is if you can take down the magazines from the walls to read.  I guess I could have asked, but since I had a book with me I didn't bother.  I'm assuming you can (they were all current, why else would they be there?), but being new and with only a couple people inside, not one magazine was out of place.  I would feel safe saying that will all change soon.After reading some articles online, it looks as though they will eventually have some to-go options for food available down the road.  I didn't see any of that last night.  Also, this is supposed to be a news stand with the largest newspaper selection in town.  Again, I didn't see any of that.  It's possible I missed these things, so be on the lookout for them!A great new addition to Downtown- but like all things Downtown, it will quickly become trendy and crowded.  Get there soon before that happens!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,5/2/2014,329,268,11,21,18>We came here on the 4th day of opening!  Love the concept as this place is decorated with random pieces and furniture and figurines ranging from antique to just unique. They also have this tent like VW Bug with inviting seating and table inside of it (must remove shoes).  It is among the most popular type of seating in the house so I have yet to experience this.They serve a variety of specialty coffees, teas, frozen and mixed coolers as well as desserts and they arrive on a serving platter with a mini vase holding an ivy leaf and some random figurine which I find so cool and unique! I have tried their Hot Chai,  Pink Lychee, and Green Tea Frap topped with whip cream.   All were delicious.  The only complaint I have thus far is that their hot drinks are not hot enough so hopefully that can be improved on my next visit. I love their stamp card concept. They have you pick a random picture card which will receive all your stamps, and after just 7 stamps you can enjoy a free drink of your choice, then you simply hang it up on the wall under the letter that best identifies you from A-Z.  Great place to hang out for a drink or dessert between 10am -3am 7 days a week!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/1/2014,376,187,7,15,14>Cornerstone has become our park of the month. It'll definitely be added to our park rotation!Located on the corner of Stephanie & Wigwam, this 100-acre park has a 31-acre man-made lake (not for swimming). There's cute packs of ducks here which the kids love. There are lighted paved asphalt and dirt trails perfect for walkers, runners, bicyclists, and dog-walkers, even a set of exercise stairs for those trying to get in a good cardio workout. Well-kept, clean, and very welcoming now that the weather is awesome! More good points:- Clean restrooms- Ample parking- Pet-friendly - doggy waste bags provided throughout whole park- Covered picnic areas- Picnic tables- Large pavilion areas (great to reserve for birthday parties!)- Lighted basketball/volleyball courtsThe only big bad point I can foresee about this park is the lack of shade, especially during the summer months. Unless you have a covered table area or under the pavilion, there aren't trees around to make shade if you decided to take a loop around. It does look like they'll be adding more to the park, so I hope shady areas will be one of them!My 5 year-old is loving this park, so our family will be enjoying our time here this coming spring and autumn. It's definitely a great spacious park to check out if you're in the area!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,4/30/2014,163,128,11,22,18>Bachi has a breakfast restaurant?! What!! Obsessed with Bachi Burger as it is, and super disappointed by their ramen, I'm glad HLK lives up to the Bachi name. My friends and I are fatties and had the Bella farms foie gras de canard (torchon, jelly, marcona almonds, cornichons, cranberry walnut bread) as a starter. Delicious! It has a pretty thick layer of duck fat on top as well. Yeah, as disgusting as you may feel thinking about eating straight up fat, who cares? Spread that stuff on! I had the wild mushroom hash (potato, kale, gruyere, egg, fried onions, bechamel) as well as the corned beef hash (potato, brussel sprouts, onion, egg, bechamel) . No, not all too myself, I'm not that much of a fatty. Disappointed a bit, because none of us were asked how we wanted our eggs cooked. On both hashes they came over hard, which I hate. I love runny yolks, don't take that away from me! Especially on a hash. But other than that, they were both delicious. Corned beef had good flavor. Friend got the braised short ribs loco modo ( two eggs, fried rice, onion rings, orange lentil gravy). Looked bomb. Meat was tender. Braised for thirty six hours. Also tried the crispy sweet chili chicken and waffle (apple bacon, brussel sprouts, green onion waffle, curry butter). Chicken was very moist, and the sauce on it was delicious. Unfortunately they only put it on one of the pieces. Waffle was ok. Butter ess definitely the high point of the waffle. You get three choices of syrups (maple, coconut, blueberry). Overall, good experience. Great service. Thanks Adrianna! Definitely a come back spot.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,4/29/2014,1362,984,12,21,20>First off, I should mention that I'm not the biggest fan of savory items baked in a crust, ie empanadas, pot pies, etc.  But I couldn't ignore my fellow Yelpers checking into this less than a month old establishment over on the Eastside and the raving reviews.Thanks to all the Yelpers who reviewed this before me, it definitely helped knowing exactly where they are located.  And where's that?  Commercial Center - Lotus of Siam and Green Door fame.  They are located next door to Komol, so keep driving and you'll find it there.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and I wasn't sure what to expect going in.  But we were pleasantly surprised to find the bar/counter seating with large and small tables around.  Because it was Superbowl Sunday, the place was empty so we had our pick of where to sit.  The waitress was so happy to see us come in since previous Sundays bring in a good lunch crowd.We started off with the Oven Chips with added Garlic "Hand cut British style chips, cooked in the oven, with cracked pepper and sea salt." ($3.75)  It came out piping hot with ketchup on the side.  The Husband was immediately intrigued by the soups and went for the Cream of Leek, Potato & Stilton (Cup $3.50). It came with homemade bread and butter.  We liked the blue cheese flavoring in the soup and the dense bread that accompanied it.The Husband chose a Signature and Traditional Pasty - The Oggie "Steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy or ketchup." ($8.50)  He asked for a side of HP sauce too.  I got a little taste, but ultimately the Husband devoured all of it.  It's a pretty good size and for someone who drank most of the soup and finished the whole pasty, he was full!I chose a Premium Pasty - the Chicken Tikka Masala (Red Curry) "Marinated chicken breast, tikka masala sauce, green peppers and potatoes.  With a side of mint-yogurt dressing or tahini." ($9.00)  I'm always skeptical about getting chicken breast because of how dry it can be.  This was not the case at all!  It was super moist, tons of flavor, and just really good.  I ate half knowing that I would be hurting if I even tried to finish the other half.  (I did eat the other half the next day and it was just as good! The toaster oven couldn't heat it fast enough for me!)  What I really liked about their pasty is the ratio of filling to crust.  There's a lot of delicious filling and the crust isn't excessive or dried out.  Ultimately, just really good.I took a quick peek at their dessert menu and was bummed out that I was too full to order anything.  In retrospect, perhaps I would have split one pasty so I could order a dessert pasty too.  Nonetheless, we came back about four hours later and picked up a Strawberry Pavlova "Homemade crisp meringue shells, filled with freshly whipped cream, strawberries, kiwi fruit and grapes.  Finished with raspberry coule." ($6.00) to go.  It wasn't the most exciting to look at when you take it to go, but it was nice.  Next time I'm going for the Apple Caramel Pasty, Shirley Temple's Pudding, or Chocolate Bread and Butter Pudding since those seem a bit more unique.They offer a pretty extensive beer menu that had the Husband wishing he could sit awhile and have a drink.  Happy Hour is all day on Sundays from 3 pm to 6 pm and 10 pm to 12 am on the other days, which means $1 off beer and wine.  Mondays, Tuesdays, and Wednesdays also offer a special on the the certain alcoholic beverages.Overall, we are liking the pasties that the Cornish Pasty Company are offering and are happy to see them in Vegas.  We only wish they weren't so far away on the other side of town from us!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,4/28/2014,92,607,6,20,15>This place is AWESOME!I've driven by quite a few times and always remember it's there once I am past the center.  I've been meaning to stop in for quite awhile now, and finally made it in today.It's rather large, and everything is very well organized.  There are housewares, purses/shoes, sports equipment, clothes of all sizes and styles, and furniture.  There is also a room dedicated to books/cd's/dvd's, which is probably the most organized I've ever seen at a thrift store.I am not sure why anyone would say that this place is over priced.  That couldn't be further from the truth.  We found everything to be reasonable, and they reduce things even further as the week goes on (today the blue tags were 50% off and the black tags were 75% off).  They also offer 40% off to those with a valid military ID on Mondays and a senior discount for those over the age of 55 on Wednesdays.I discovered today that the staff are all volunteers, which is awesome, because you know that the money from sales is going to the cause, not to overhead from paying employees.  The sales are also all tax-free, since this place it a charitable organization.  They are associated with Central Christian Church, so some profits go there to help the food bank, and others provide counseling and work training to those in prison.There were lots of great items, of good quality and we found a few things to buy.  Both my Mom and I decided that it was the nicest, most organized thrift store we had been to in quite awhile.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,4/27/2014,299,177,14,19,16>Umiya is my current go-to spot for AYCE. Its pretty, modern looking and well-decorated. High ceilings, good lighting, and a screen playing music videos of everything from Rihanna to Girls Generation. Everything you want in a sushi spot! *kidding*I usually only order nigiri + appetizers. They have nice cuts of fish which so far, have always been fresh. Rice is solid. However, if you're a roll person, my friend ordered a few which were pretty delicious. Their appetizer menu is larger than most. I would say it's comparable to that of OYSHI. My favorites being the spicy garlic edamame and spicy tuna crispy rice. Service has always been up to par. The servers are generally friendly and attentive. It's never so crazy busy in there that you feel as though you're ignored and can't put an order in.Note: Last call is at 1:30am. No AYCE after 1:00am, just a la carte. They also have a sushi chef which has a THUG LIFE tattoo. Because that is absolutely relevant.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,4/26/2014,188,132,12,16,13>The BEST Thai in town. Not just in my hood, but the best period. I'm not usually regretful but I'm seriously upset that I just recently discovered this gem. The Massaman curry is amazing. With big chunks of sweet potato and buttery avocado, "It's the best Jerry, the best!" Spicy #7 is ALL I can handle. They do 1-10 on the spicy scale and we're talking serious heat here. If my Thai food doesn't cause a runny nose, I don't wanna eat it. David Wong's does the trick every time. If you order spicy #5 at your usual Thai joint, you probably wanna cut that down to about a #2 at Pan Asia. If you LIKE Thai food, try David Wong's, and you will LOVE Thai food.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/25/2014,372,247,8,22,13>First I have to rave about why I love Yelp. Without Yelp, I never would have found out about this place. I never would have went. So a big thank you to Shirley B. for the very helpful info and hooking a sister up.I made an appointment and was the first of the day. My appointment was scheduled for 10am, however Reina didn't show up until right at 10am and had to set up. She apologized and said they should have scheduled me for 10:20 am and not at 10. She apparently doesn't do the scheduling.I went with a tint and wax. Reina mapped my brow before she started applying the tint. She asked me which tint I wanted and I explained this was my first time. She suggested a color of dark brown but not ebony and so that is what we went with. The tinting process was easy and not long at all. It gave me a nice color and I was happy with it. It could have lasted a little longer I think, since I feel I don't have much tint now and my visit was a week or so ago. I think I could have went darker and had her leave it on longer. But now I know for next time. The job Reina did on my wax was really one of the best I have ever had here in Las Vegas. She didn't over wax and worked with the natural shape of my brows. I have a natural high arch and I have a deep scar in one of my eyebrows and this often throws people off. But Reina did something out of this world. She gave me a shape and didn't make my arch more intense. She instead worked with it and provided me with results I loved. I didn't feel rushed in her chair. Reina took her time with me and it was a very nice experience. I will be back. I am okay with paying a slight premium if I know I am paying for good services.Payment was easy. She gives you a card filled out and you take it to the cashier. Worked for me really especially since I had bought some other items from Ulta and was able to pay all together.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/24/2014,78,89,6,20,12>Can't say that I'm a Philly Cheesesteak aficionado, but after reading so many positive reviews and driving by this place relatively often I had to give it a shot. I think it was a combination of it being a super cold night and that the food was just that good, but I really, really enjoyed my sandwich from Hank's.I had a chance to chat with both Hank and his wife and they were very excited to know that their positive Yelp reviews led me to trying them out. I figured if I was going to try this place, I better go with the signature sandwich, a philly cheesesteak with cheeze-wiz, grilled onions, and mayo. I know mayo isn't everyone's cup o' tea on this sammich, but it works for me, so there! I loved it. The meat was tender and had great flavor. The cheeze-wiz, which I had never had on a sandwich, made it really moist and had so much cheese flavor in every bite. I ordered the onions well done, and they were perfect, sweet. The bread was absolutely stellar.The ambiance is lacking a bit. I probably wouldn't plan to eat there, I'd just take it home. It was Monday night and some made for TV type movie was playing on their nice flat screen TV, not Monday Night Football which was kind of weird. It's pretty bare in there and could use some sprucing up. Not dirty or trashy at all, just kind of blah-zay.We need more small business owners/foodies like this. I definitely recommend giving Hank's a try! Their sammiches are off the heezy.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/23/2014,135,365,8,14,14>Thank you Nelson Q for introducing me to this wonderful Japanese bakery and pastry store. Very inventive pastries and crepes. Some of their more special cakes, such as the coconut, can sell out so getting there early is ideal. All their desserts look very delicate and to an extent they are, the cakes are airy, crusts are flaky. But they all have rich, decadent accents such as frostings, fillings etc. The best thing however, is the sweetness of the desserts. None of their goods are too sweet, if that makes any sense for desserts. It is sweet enough to let you know it is a dessert, but not so sweet as to mask the more subtle flavors such as green tea or almonds, etc.The location is a little far from me, located in the southwest corner of the valley, far from most, but definitely worth the drive an visit!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/22/2014,553,504,10,20,14>I've had the wonderful opportunity to visit Brooklyn Bowl not once, but twice in one week and let me tell you, I couldn't WAIT to write this review.  Instead of writing a review the first time, I waited for two visits, so I could write a really well balanced review. I thought the first time was too good to be true. Man, I'm glad I waited...FINALLY, a REALLY great space on the strip.  As a local, I try to stay away from the strip as it's too congested and inconvenient for the everyday life.  This place, will absolutely bring me back time and time again.  When you approach "The BB," you'll notice a very aesthetically pleasing olden day-type cinema sign.  From the outside, it doesn't look that big, but don't let that fool you!  Once you enter, you'll make your way up the escalators.  To the right is a little bar, high top table seating area.  This area is full of large windows which offers great views of the Linq.  To the left of the concierge desk are the restrooms and a couple of ATM machines.  Pass the desk and there's either an outdoor space with table tops and a smoking section to the right, and a lovely restaurant with another bar!  Then, the good stuff:  Passed all that, is a HUGE concert venue area and 16 lanes of bowling.  WOW!  Don't worry, there's a few more bars to keep you liquored up all night long.  If that's not enough, make your way to top VIP area where there's lots of balcony space for the concert, sofas for seating and 16 more lanes to bowl on!  In the VIP area, there's also a bar, an outside roof deck and even a very eclectic living room which offers comfortable couches, big screen tvs, quirky signs and lights, all encompassed with a quieter atmosphere.  SOOO AWESOME!!!  Brooklyn Bowl is full of amazing features. All around, there's leather couches, palm trees, artsy signs, vines covering the walls and lots of exposed brick. Shows lots of character. The staff is also on point!  They are nice, attentive and EVERYWHERE.  All I have to say is the staffing department did an amazing job!  (There's your shout out, Java!) In all seriousness, one of my former coworker left our company to work at this place and I'm glad she did.  I'm absolutely amazed!  On my first visit, our server was Michael, who goes by Micah.  He was AH-MAZE-ING.  So accommodating, so nice and personable, so awesome. I firmly believe the overall experience comes from the tone a server sets and The BB is filled with positive servers and bartenders.  I'm not going to lie, the drinks aren't cheap.  I payed about $12 for my Ketel One vodka and soda water.  WHAT DO YOU EXPECT?  You're on the strip.  If you're going to come here, make sure you can afford it.  If not, I think Southpoint has bowling and dollar drinks LOL.  I don't mind it at all, because I don't do this very often.  On both visits, I also had the awesome opportunity to try their food for free.  Here's what I had and here's what I thought:BBQ pork sliders with cole slaw:  The pork was tender and flavorful.  The cole slaw added a crunchy texture and sweet taste.  The bun was good, maybe too thick, but didn't hurt the experience.The San Gennaro Pizza:  VERY GOOD pizza.  It's filled with sausage, mozzarella and pepper.  This pizza is packed with sausage!  Lots of toppings offered NO complaints LOL. Chicken wings:  THE BEST THING THEY HAVE, BY FAR!  The batter was crispy and crunchy and light.  It was so flavorful with spices and not overpowering. It was served with honey which is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.  It really just takes the wings to the next level.  So delicious.Rolling Stone really hit home when they said Brooklyn Bowl is "one of the most incredible places on earth."  I really believe that on a Las Vegas strip perspective.  Who would have thought a venue that offers bowling and live music in one place would be such a hit!  This is exactly what Vegas needed.  Opening up with one of the coolest bands, The Roots, was a great move on their part.  Listen, if you're in the area, turn north on Koval and make a turn into Winnick street.  You need to park your car and walk to Brooklyn Bowl.  This place will blow you away.  Trust me, it's simply AH-MAZE-ING!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,4/21/2014,236,327,11,17,16>Talk about some hearty healthy food but with flair since my first impression walked in was is this ultra lounge for body builders or workout fanatics. Really not often you walk into health conscious restaurant see lounge area that can sit down got just about every fitness magazine laid out for reading pleasure (from muscle & fitness, just about every one can think of) but yet still have bar stools and tables relax have meal. One more thought with different. If ever lost in the world of fitness or IFBB need too know who current just walk into the bathrooms. Think kind of weird but too each his own. Now what really matters the food. It was my first time so really had no idea direction too go. It decent size menu so had just about every healthy option can think of. I like  the way the menu is structured from bowls, salads, burgers, and drinks. Each list typical healthy options comes too if want switch around protein, carb, add, or build your own healthy creation. I stuck with standard since was my first time. I went with the Southwest Bowl and Berry Jubilee for my drink. The Southwest Bowl was AAAwesome! I went with whole wheat pasta for my carb choice between brown rice, quinoa, or whole wheat pasta. I loved the fact that it was HEARTY healthy bowl. I always associate healthy with bare minimum of portion. At Protein House not cheating you out of your protein/carb! The top sirloin was cooked too my exact temp and combine the avacado, roasted tomatoe, roasted red pepper, cheese, and black bean salsa. Nice light sauce neither oily, greasy, and just light/refreshing pasta bowl. I could eat healthy everyday. It between pricey and cheap so not sure if could eat Protein House style healthy everyday. But without doubt you get the most bang for your buck hands down compare too other health restaurants. Look forward too trying more of the menu.The service was fabulous. One that make point not too go at the last second. Really wanted too try Protein House. 30 minutes is broader line. The whole staff never rushed us although my guilty conscious made me eat faster... Even when I apologize when we first walked in asked if ok they greeted us with smile and walked us through the menu for newbies.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,4/20/2014,298,217,9,16,13>I am always on the lookout for healthy food options so I was excited when I finally got to try this place. The bf found out about it from a friend. it's a small location off the beaten path that I never would have stumbled upon on my own.The menu is pretty basic but large. They have breakfast options that they serve all day, along with healthy salads, acai bowls, whole wheat lavash wraps, etc. Everything on the menu is designed with health in mind. Now healthy doesn't always equate to low calorie, but at least you know you're getting something nutritious made from whole non-processed foods.We came for breakfast so breakfast it was. I ordered the Farmer's Omelet: 3 organic brown eggs, spinach, turkey sausage and goat cheese $9.95. The bf ordered the  Healthy Oatmeal Pancakes with chocolate chips $6.95 and a shot of wheat grass. The food took a little bit to prepare but was worth the wait, it was delicious!! There were so many other things that caught my eye. I really want to come back and try an Acai bowl for sure!The staff is really pleasant and friendly, they seemed sincere in helping us vs. just going through the motions. The atmosphere is not fabulous it reminds me of a Jamba Juice sort of feel - but the place is clean and really that's all that matters.Check 'em out if you're in the area and looking for something healthy!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,4/19/2014,441,148,12,21,19>There is one thing I know about The Cupcakery, and that is, if I am in the area... You KNOW I'm gonna stop in!I have tried a few of their different flavors: The Oh My Gosh, Ganache, The Strawberry Shortcake, a champagne one, and The Bugsy. But I always come back to my lady in the end, The Southern Belle.I love the interior here. It's very fun, girly and they are usually playing some music. All the cupcakes they have that day are displayed behind the glass, and they all look so perfect! This place does not skimp on frosting either. I have found a few high-end designer cupcake places that try to skimp, but not The Cupcakery. And if you are a Red Velvet fan like me, then The Southern Belle will be like tasting a little tiny bit of heaven!The service here used to be really good, but when I was there recently, the girl working was neither cordial, nor excessively unpleasant.The nice thing is they have a punch card program as well. If you buy 12 cupcakes, the 13th is free.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,4/18/2014,471,470,13,25,19>New KoMex location. Same very delicious KoMex food. If you haven't tried KoMex yet get down to this location or the original location ASAP. I hated the long almost 1 hr waits at the other location on some days. Yes it's that good. So I'm very happy this one finally opened up. Korean Mexican fusion is an excellent combination. I ordered their Fusion Burrito, my usual order, and inhaled that sucker like I was in a pie eating contest. Why waste time eating 1 yummy thing when I could eat 2 yummy things, didn't do 2 but wanted to. The one thing that you must do is add lots and lots of their hot sauces on anything you get it's a big difference maker but in moderations. I almost ate all 4 of the containers of sauce on my own. It's very good. They should bottle them cause I might want to take some home.Their fusion tacos, burritos, nachos, fries, etc are served with various meats like spicy pork, pork belly, chicken, and more all come with a Korean/Mexican twist. Even their cheese steak was different, using bulgogi. Check out the pictures and reviews at the original location it will pretty much tell you wassup.I enjoyed the customer service friendly, complementary chips, salsa, guacamole, fortune cookies, and oranges to end the meal. They were still finishing up construction and decorating, fine tuning things like only cash at the time, 1 out of the 6 menu books at our table was without a menu inside, and temp banner outside but things are looking good. Seems like more space for more seats and even a bar area. I'll probably be back before the weeks over. No I will definitely be back before the weeks over.Located in the same plaza as BabyStacks Cafe and Hikari SW Buffalo and Flamingo.Did I mention that they're pretty cheap in price.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,4/17/2014,318,159,10,25,21>The food at Peru Chicken gets my stamp of approval! I'm excited to see picarones on the menu, so I will be back to try those sweet potato and pumpkin fritters soaked in brown sugar syrup very soon. Petra and I tested out her favorite dish, papa a la Huancaína. They provided so much of the tasty, mildly spiced cheese sauce that we were soaking it up with lettuce leaves after the warm potato slices were gone. A cup of chicha morada, a drink of boiled purple corn, fruits, and spices served cold was good, though it had less clove flavor than I'm used to. Pollo a la brasa is their specialty, so I took a half chicken to my husband for his lunch at work. It cost $9 and included two sides. I got rice and fries for him; beans and salad are also available if you're the Anticarb. It appeared to be a smaller bird, but the skin had an aromatic blend of seasonings and perfect caramelization. He enjoyed the flavor, especially with the mustardy yellow sauce. A spicy green ají sauce was also included.Lunch specials are offered Monday through Friday from 11am to 3pm, and breakfast on the weekends features traditional dishes like tamales. Order your meal and pay at the counter. There are a few tables for dining in, and I saw many people picking up large takeout orders. Come try the comida criolla prepared by señora Olguita and her family while listening to some música criolla.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,4/16/2014,335,920,14,23,17>Jjanga is AYCE for $25.95Jjanga is new and not busyJjanga has excellent serviceJjanga is a good pick if you're looking for some Yum Yum Rolls. I'm not a sushi snob, but I do prefer Sashimi's and Nigiri over rolls.  It's been forever since I've had a Yum Yum Roll.  For some reason, I was craving these California Rolls drenched in mayo. It's been awhile. It's been a very long time.  So, when the gf suggested sushi for our Valentine's Day dinner instead of our usual steak dinner, I couldn't help be get a little excited about it.  From the time we walked in to the time we left, we had nothing but excellent service.  The team at Jjanga can sure teach a few other sushi restuarants out there about customer service.  They know what's up and they knew how to treat me and my special lady.  Good Job, Jjanga!My Items:Mells Roll:  This was my first roll of the evening. How could I not get this roll, right?  Inside was crab and shrimp.  This roll has a spectacular name, but was just okay when it came to taste.  Jjanga Burrito:  This is a hand roll with shrimp, broccoli tempura, and crab wrapped in soy paper.  This was actually pretty good and great light option if you're looking for something that isn't going to weigh you down. Jackpot Special:  Jackpot!  I think I found the king of all Yum Yum Rolls.  This one had shrimp tempura on the inside with spicy tuna, shrimp tempura, and of course a ton of mayo sauce on the outside.  If you're going to eat bad, might as well get this. I probably could have gotten two of these rolls. Freshman Roll:  This had everything...tuna, salmon, and crab.  Wrapped in rice paper, my taste buds were a little confused on what it was tasting because there was so much going on.  But I still thought that this was good.  Teriyaki Chicken w/Brown Rice:  What was I thinking?  The brown rice wasn't the best and the chicken was a little bland even with Teriyaki sauce. My bad...I shouldn't be going to a sushi restuarant expecting great chicken. Regarding their food, I only had 4 full rolls, their Jjanga burrito, Teriyaki chicken, and Green Tea Mochi.  Needless to say, I was stuffed.  I thought that the sushi was fresh, the rolls were tight, and all were packed with taste.  Bottomline, the food is fresh.  On my next visit, I will probably go back to Sashimi's and Nigiri's because that's what I prefer.  But from someone that doesn't frequent a Yum Yum Roll, I recommend this place. IPS:  They got the same rolls as Sumo. So if you're a fan of Sumo, then you'll be a fan of Jjanga.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE - (048/366)
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/15/2014,4974,721,26,45,25>I vividly remember my first bite of their red velvet cupcake 8 years ago at their Beverly Hills location.  I'd never had cupcake like that before or since.  There have been copycats sneaking their way into Las Vegas over the years with mixed results and never living up to Sprinkles for me.  They finally made it and I am psyched!  Yeah so 6 cupcakes costs $22.50.  I was surprised when the cashier asked me if those were for here or to go but then I saw a guy with 6 of them at a table by himself.  Damn, dude.We ordered 3 red velvet, a peanut butter chip, lemon meringue and black & white.  Those other 3 were nice and all but it's all about the red velvet.  The cake was perfectly moist and the frosting is like no other.  Funny how they put the takeout box into a resealable plastic bag...like drugs.  I am sure Sprinkles is well aware of their addictive qualities.Even the line on Sunday at 11pm was about 15 minutes.  Looking forward to giving the cupcake ATM a whirl when the line is an hour plus.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,4/14/2014,434,209,9,15,13>I've always wanted to try out this place but never did for some reason... I always ended up at Big Wong or Monta Ramen (seriously this plaza is packed with gems... I need to try Raku too!)  I was pleasantly surprised by the menu and the food.My roommate and I shared a few things.- Nakamura bruschetta- Fettuccini with salmon and roe- Miso carbonaraThe bruschetta was a fun dish.  It has 3 different bruschetta.  1) Spicy tuna 2) Octopus with avocado and wasabi sauce 3) Anchovy and mozarella.  They were all really unique and the flavors meshed very well together.  The wasabi isn't too spicy either!The Fettuccini with salmon and roe was a hearty dish.  The pasta was perfectly al dente and the sauce was creamy without being super heavy.  The chunks of salmon were good and the roe added salty little bursts throughout the meal.The miso carbonara was definitely the favorite.  It wasn't quite as salty but had a mild miso flavor that reminded me exactly of ramen without the soup!  The chunks of bacon were an added bonus that needs to be recognized.  A great pasta dish!I will definitely come back when I am feeling more spendy than Big Wong.  The prix fixe combos are a good idea to get to save money and you get to chose an appetizer, a soda/wine/beer and a pasta.  You just have to be mindful of the limitations with the combos.  The uni tomato cream pasta cannot be in any combo.  I am curious to try it but I don't think I can commit to a $27 pasta dish.  Seems to be the biggest hit here though!  Someone else order it and let me take a bite off your plate :P
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/13/2014,642,1715,9,21,15>I love this place- the packaging is high-quality,  the space is pretty and bee-themed (love the honeycomb chalkboard signage!), and the juices are downright delicious! I appreciate the fact that they use high-quality ingredients and source from nearby California, and I especially love that their juices are bottled to take and enjoy over the next few days. Add in that they're raw, organic, non-HPP, and everything else Gwyneth Paltrow would approve of, and you've got a stellar product. I recently moved here from the Bay area and was unpleasantly surprised that so many places here in LV claim that they have juice, only to give me an overpriced rinky-dink plastic cup with a non-harmonious medley of fruits and veggies. I am sorely missing vendors like Juicer Heroes, Project Juice, and the ever-convenient Pressed Juicery.I am so happy to find a company putting for the quality of product that I expect when I am juicing. I will admit to being a little put off by pricing- which is $10+/bottle, higher even than trendy Cali prices, by a good 20%. They have a niche product though, and their portions are slightly larger. I will definitely be taking advantage of their bottle-return discounts though. I would like to be able to pull up nutritional info on each particular juice online, as it is not posted on the bottle itself: their website also is well-designed and informative, just as they are in-store. Overall: service is friendly, space is attractively decorated, and the product itself is high-quality. I hope to see more local companies picking up the slack and providing more options that are on par with the standard set here at Juice Standard!I do hope they add some sort of loyalty discount program for frequent juicers as they settle in- I love a liquid lunch but I can't swing $300/month for it.Favorite juices so far are Bee Effective (greens), Bee On Point, and Bee Loved.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/12/2014,145,143,9,10,9>The concept of Zen is something I've never given much thought to or belief in.  It sounds nice and all (understatement of the year?), but frankly I'm too concerned with work, beating the next level of Candy Crush (427!), and watching every minute of every NFL game possible to give any time towards self-meditation.   Total enlightenment can wait, the Browns vs Jaguars is on the NFL Network.   Who would have known I would take the first step towards this total enlightenment in the form of an hour lunch break at a curry joint on Spring Mountain?Holy Buddha is this curry legit!  The broth contains more spices than Snoop Lion's tour bus, and each has health benefits if you're to believe the back of the menu and table displays.   I believe! The first time I went with what Tetsuro P proclaimed to be the best item there which was the pork cutlet.  I also added spinach and requested brown rice.  Each and every piece of pork was perfectly cooked, juicy and flavorful.   The spinach sopped up lots of the broth and the combination of all the components on the plate was a revelation.  Even better, they provide several additional fixings at no cost including raisins, almonds, and some japanese pickled veggies.   I tried incorporating each and every one in different ways and I'm not exaggerating when I say every single bite was delicious.  You couldnt mess this broth up if you TRIED.  Next time I'm bringing some durian and gummy bears and dropping them in and seeing what happens.   Odds are it'll still be delicious.   On the 2nd visit I tried the Beef, and it was as good as I expected even if I preferred the pork cutlet overall.   As an added bonus the service is incredible.   Greeted warmly when I enter, making sure no drink or side is ever empty, and a gracious goodbye upon exiting.   It doesn't get any betterWhen I think back upon my two incredible experiences here, I now find myself sometimes staring blankly into my computer screen at work, mouth watering from the thought of this wonderful restaurant.  Mind and body united in want of curry drenched pork cutlet.   Total enlightenment achieved.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,4/11/2014,86,118,14,17,18>The parking does not deter us. If you are a first timer, you must find a way... my suggestion is to park at the custard shop  (do not eat that "custard", it will ruin your palette) and run across the street (look both ways and obey all traffic laws plz), ignore the unsavory patrons of the nearby questionable establishments, and find yourself at gelato heaven. As soon as you walk in the door of this cozy shop you will be greeted by the angelic creator of the most delicious gelato in LV.This woman has created works of edible art. The flavor combinations draw people in- from all over town. My sweetie and I were 2 hours outside of LV and read a tip on Yelp that she was serving Panettone gelato. Speeding tickets be damned, we made use of my guys lead foot and sped directly to the shop to get a taste before it was gone. Never mind that we had just been there the week prior. Never mind that we had re-devoted ourselves to healthier eating and less sugar. Let this place be our once a week splurge!We walked in and were greeted warmly. The kind woman behind the counter  fed me sample after sample and I felt ashamed. Other places cut me off and scold me beyond 2 samples. Not here. She wants me to try what I want, until I happily find a match. I did not tell her I already know what I want, but I am so intrigued by the variety of flavors, they are so different from the week before. What if I don't get a chance to try the sweet corn or avocado next time? And what about the apple cobbler and peppermint, what if they are sold out next time? So she indulges me. This woman who runs the shop, the creator of delicious frozen delights that beckon us even on the coldest nights, she seems happy to see her customers happy. She came by our table and spoke to us like we were guests in her home. This shop is wonderful on so many levels. Enjoy. My tummy and I are happy to have discovered this delightful shop. We look forward to a long and happy relationship.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/10/2014,425,88,14,31,22>My sister and I were debating between restaurants and finally settled on Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. We took a little long in deciding and ended up arriving at 9:55- they close at 10. I really didn't want to be THAT jerk, but I was so set on katsu at this point that I poked my head in and asked if they were still open and they graciously gave us a table. The owners here are from Hawaii and the service definitely reflects that- genuine, helpful, and you can tell they take pride in what they're putting out.The potato salad we started with was more vinegary than I'm used to for Japanese style, but delicious nonetheless. It was smooth with cubes of crisp apple and cucumber throughout, and distinctly eggy from the shredded egg lacing through it.The katsu was a work of art, truly. Perfectly cooked cal rose rice with crispy golden sliced katsu over the top. My sister had the chicken and ebi combo while I opted for the katsu curry. Miso soup comes with all meals here, and it was definitely a robust version. The chicken and shrimp came with cabbage salad with Yuzu to dress it on the side, as well as some pickled shallots. The cabbage salad was a perfect fresh compliment to the crunchy fried katsu goodness. Everything was cooked perfectly and the shrimp were gigantic and absolutely incredible! The menu stated that they use black tiger prawns and they weren't kidding.The katsu curry was very flavorful and the curry itself was thick and could stand up on its own. This dish came simply with pickled ginger and was enormous! All portions here are enough to make two meals out of, unless the katsu is so overwhemingly addicting that you just eat until you pseudo-hate yourself.Being that it was my first time here, I was a noob to the whole sauce bit. I've never ground my own sesame for katsu sauce, it's just always arrived with my meal! The waitress saw me and came over to explain how it worked and got it started for me. She also had to open my bottle of Ramune for me =( A+ for service, but next time I come in I'll be pro!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,4/9/2014,682,135,22,32,28>Imagine two college roommates, one an all-american kid raised on classic fast food fare, the other a Korean foreign exchange student with an overprotective mom preparing meals weekly from home, and then picture some pothead next door raiding their refrigerator one night and throwing their leftovers together in one massive pile for a meal of his own.  That may have been my first impression upon glancing at the menu, but after finishing my first meal here I am convinced this is the work of some evil mad culinary genius.       Went and checked out this place over lunch with a friend and decided to sample their two most popular items: the #1 (Beef Buldogi hotdog)  and the Angry Kimchi FriesThe beef bulgogi dog is a 100% premium beef dog covered with an avalanche of Asian cole slaw, grilled onions, generous strips of beef bulgogi (marinated beef with Korean seasonings, finished off with a dusting of sesame seeds and a light drizzle of house mayo.   The first bite of any hot dog usually begins with a naked end devoid of bread or toppings, and one can tell that the Buldogi dog has been grilled to that perfect smokey char with a nice firm "snap" of the casing that explodes with mouthwatering flavor.  The contrast in textures and flavors from the tender bulgogi, crispy slaw, smokey onions, creamy mayo, and toasted sesame seeds surprisingly round out one another in harmonious balance.The angry kimchi fries was a whole other beast.  Wheras the oxtail chili cheese fries at Bachi Burger look better than they taste, the Angry fries here taste better than they look.  Start with a bed of sweet potato fries, add a layer of pork bulgogi, throw in some cooked kimchi and melted cheese with diced green onion and jalapeno, and then finishing the whole concoction with a sunny side egg, I found myself unable to stop with each progressive bite since something so wrong apparently seemed so right!  There's a stroke of brilliance with the choice of sweet potato for the starch since the natural sugar cuts through all the spicy and savory components and the richness from the cheese and runny egg yolk cleverly binds all the distinct bold flavors together  (pro-tip: break the yolk immediately upon being served otherwise the heat from the other ingredients will continue to cook the egg)If I had one minor critique, it would be the lack of beer and the ambience inside is a bit drab since I think the food has heavy flavors that go well with beer in the company of friends with a sporting event in the background since I would totally attend any stadium or ballpark which served these items.    It looks like they may have attempted to expand previously but the other location appears closed on yelp, but hopefully their following will grow to be successful on a repeat attempt in the future.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,4/8/2014,286,188,14,23,23>I was invited here for dinner with the promise of being entertained by the most talented lounge singer in Las Vegas. Of course, how do you say no to that? The Bootlegger bistro is an old-school Vegas landmark whose owner was once a powerful lady in this town. The moment I walked in the door, I looked around and noticed that I was the youngest person in the dining room - everyone else had a good 20 years on me. No big deal. I've always been fond of the elderly - with their interesting stories and life experience. My friend Doug pointed to the gentleman playing the piano and said, "there's Jimmy Hopper, the man with an amazing voice!" I nodded then proceeded to order a bellini-tini and the tomato-basil bruschetta. My friend ordered some old-person's drink involving cognac and the escargot appetizer. This is an Italian restaurant with the typical Italian faire on their menu. I eyed an item that sounded delicious, the spinach ravioli in marinara sauce; unfortunately it was under the gluten-free section. After a moment of hesitation as I don't have Celiac disease and ultimately have no reason to order a gluten-free item, I decided to get it anyway because spinach and cheese sounded just way too good. At this point, my friend asked for another cognac drink and the fish of the day (mahi mahi with risotto and asparagus).I thought the bellini-tini was great and that made up for the mediocre bruschetta appetizer. My friend, being a gentleman, offered me some of his escargot. They tasted pretty good! I don't know how much they cost but there were 4 or 5 of them on the plate so this is a fairly small item.When my ravioli arrived, it was pretty delicious; the filling was perfect although the pasta pockets were a bit chewy because of being gluten-free I guess. Over all though, this is a fairly healthy item while being a huge entree so you are definitely getting good value for the price paid. I also got to try my friend's dish. Oh man, this item was so freaking good! The mahi mahi was flaky, moist, perfectly seasoned and the sauce it was in didn't overpower the fish. But you know what the best part was? The risotto underneath the fish. I could eat a whole bowl of this risotto! Yummmmmmmm! Meanwhile, Jimmy Hopper was over there belting out scores after scores, both oldies and songs he had written himself. Indeed, this man has a great great voice. My friend encouraged me to request a song so I did! Guess what song I requested? Royal. Yes! You're probably thinking, "whhhaaat?! She's crazy - requesting an old-school Vegas lounge singer to sing a pop song!!" But oh no. I'm not crazy. Because moments earlier, my friend told me that he heard Jimmy sang Royal yesterday and he was blown away at his rendition of Royal. So of course, my expectation was very high.Jimmy read my request note, chuckled to himself and said, "Oh man. I'm still working on this song because there's a lot of backup singing and I'm a one-man show." So Jimmy then journeyed on to another oldie and finally, he turned on something from behind him and started the first notes of Royal. I was ecstatic!Jimmy had modified this song to make it his own while still keeping true to the original melody.  This man is a genius. I LOVED this version of Royal! Where do I buy a CD of this particular song? Later that night, I was blown away again at Jimmy's musical ability when he started singing an opera song. Is there a musical genre that this man can't do? Hat's off to you sir! I'm so impressed!Okay, so if you are too cool for jazz and lounge music, there's a bar area that's on the other side of the wall where you can just sit and have drinks. Come here for the music, ambience and the laid-back atmosphere. The food, though good, is just a bonus.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,4/7/2014,615,292,16,25,21>No, it is not artisan hand made product. For those of us from the East Coast = Edy's. Those who have lived in or visited CA, will recognize Dreyer's at this non descript literal corner at the Suncoast. Quite easy to miss as the signage seems more like a cafe. Recently was a respite in the storm that life can become to share a cup of goodness with a friend. My favorite flavors remain strawberry & pistachio, and we have been going here for years. Nice treat after working up an appetite traversing the Angel Park Trail , my Mom has been on an ice cream kick lately. To each their own. It is corporate ice cream and I cannot wait to try the Mom & Pop locales. Till then, thanks to KC for satisfying a craving and service with a smile. You know I'll be back, as we have been often. Pro Tip/ Easy in-out from valet if you throw them couple of bucks and just grab your treat and go. Also: you can get a few samples and throw $$$ in tip jar = not blowing your daily Macros!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/6/2014,157,244,42,27,26>This may be the only time I ever give a 5 star review and never return back b/c I definitely feel like a creeper in the Teazer.A few friends wanted to check out the cafe after indulging in a massive food coma across the street.  As we walked in I'm not gonna lie - i was nervous - it felt like going to my first nudie club when I was prepping for SATs.  Don't come off like an OCG-IT....Don' come off like an OCG-IT .that's Old Creepy Guy....In training.   I like to think i have another 5-10 years before the IT is removed.  We were greeted by Courtney who was really sweet.  She sat down with us and told us all about the menu.  I really cant remember much about the boba drink I had but for 5 bucks it was great!   We played 6-7 games of Uno with Courtney's house rules and then played a version of Big 2 or VC.I definitely then pulled the creeper move but i SWEAR it was on accident......she asked our names and it went around the table and for some reason Charlie came out of my mouth.   If you don't know me, Charlie is no where close to what my name is.  Nowhere in the ballpark......At this time my friends were telling a story so i didnt want to butt in and after a few minutes i wasnt gonna say -- oh heyyyyy..... by the way.... my name isn't Charlie....so i ultimately passed the point of no return.  No notes needed - creepy move executed......checkEventually later, my name came up and did the explaining.  Anyhow time flew by - things felt more natural - the girls are sweet and easy to talk to.  Take care of these girls and tip well.  They go above and beyond exemplary service of any food server.  I'm not sure if i'll be back after pulling an OCG.   Side note - As I was walking out I saw 2 master Yelpers probably the Co-Dukes not counting the owner... decked out in suits - that was pretty pimp.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,4/5/2014,282,125,10,14,12>For the 3 years that I've lived and worked in this area - I finally decided to come here for my birthday breakfast. I have no idea why I haven't come here before. I remember someone telling me that it was "ok" and it's "just waffles". No sir, this is not just waffles. These are delightful, crispy, amazing waffles. I love them so much, so so so much. I got the organic waffle with -StrawberriesPeanut ButterChocolate ChipsBananasAlmonds - I used the sugar free syrup, and to my surprise, it was amazing. They do have real maple syrup if you're looking for a sugar high. I really could not get over how good these were. Probably because I'm on pretty strict clean diet and I don't have too many amazing cheat meals like this. But good god...It was worth it. The service was awesome - the only thing is they forgot my kiwi's...but I don't even care. I really don't. If you drive by this place and you're wondering if you should try it out, yes. You should. Especially if you're a waffle lover, like myself.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,4/4/2014,94,132,7,18,14>Awesome hike and scenery! The first mile or so is slightly boring in terms of terrain- just flat with gravel. The gravel can get a little tough to walk on because it's not packed down a lot, so you kind of sink into it a bit. But the views are still great during this portion. Once you come to the first rope, the fun begins! There's 8 ropes total, some are avoidable and it's easier to go down at other places, but in other spots the ropes are necessary to help you down. Some are a little tricky to maneuver, but part of the fun is figuring out how to get down. During the hike you will come across two "hot pools", or natures hot tubs as we called them. They are hot! But also very refreshing. If you plan on hanging out and relaxing in them like I saw a lot of people doing, bring a swim suit. Based on what I looked up, the water is perfectly safe as long as you don't dunk your head under. If you keep walking past the 2nd hot pool, the Colorado River is just minutes away. The views from here are beautiful. I personally thought the hike down was way easier than the hike back, but other people in my group disagreed. On the way down I jumped a good height off many boulders, so pulling myself back up was a little tricky in places. Looks like I need to work on my upper body strength! Overall, if you want a good adventure, this hike is for you! I would put about 4-5 hours aside to complete this hike, which includes time to just relax and enjoy the views and rest in the hot pools.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,4/3/2014,462,631,3,13,16>I loved every part of my experience here. Its a beautiful and romantic restaurant with great service and delicious food. I'm sad it took us this long to try it.So my husband and I started with the Forbidden Fruit and Morning Buzz, both martinis were awesome, those dangerous drinks that don't taste like alcohol but will put you on your ass. The rest of the party got lovely glasses of wine.  We were also presented with a delicious complimentary bread basket with olive oil and balsamic for dipping.We shared some salads, the Andrea salad was amazing, how can a salad taste that good?For entrees we got Veal Piccata, Bone in Ribeye with Gnocchi, Assorted Griilled Fish, and the Spinach Tortellini. Everything was delicious. My husbands gnocchi was the lightest and best I have ever had. My grilled fish was simple but so good with such a variety of seafood, and I was able to switch out the potatoes it came with for some pasta. They were very accommodating. We were too stuffed for dessert unfortunately.We will be back, it's such a great restaurant and the prices really aren't  that bad for this experience.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/2/2014,93,649,8,15,17>Heavenly. That single word sums up how I feel about Lush in general as well as this specific Lush location.I feel like I should just dump the contents of my wallet out when I walk in. Lush has so many amazing products, trying to stay within my predetermined spending budget is a constant struggle. The fresh face masks are only available in stores because they are made fresh daily. I am always asking the Lush sales associates a million questions about which masks do what, they are always so gracious and helpful with their responded. And the bath bombs! I don't even take a bath anymore if I do not have a Lush bath bomb to use. They are THAT good. Another reason to adore Lush is they care about the planet. Ingredients for their products are responsibly sourced. They do not test on animals. They donate to charity. They have a recycling program: Bring in 5 empty fresh face mask containers, and they will give you one for free! Friendly and helpful service, amazing products sold by a company that isn't just about profits... What's not to love about Lush?!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/1/2014,572,333,7,21,12>While waiting for my daughter to finish a magic the gathering tournament at the nearby Little Shop of Magic, I wandered into Carlos' Kitchen and the connected Spectator's bar  I will review Specator's separately.The menu in both locations is supplied by Carlos.  Carlos is a former instructor at Le Cordon Bleu and I am glad he came out to discuss Burger philosophy and general cooking techniques with me.  He truly loves the art of cooking and I enjoyed meeting him.I started with onion rings which were lightly battered and fried to a golden glow.  The batter was unlike other batters as it had a sweetness to it.  I followed the rings with a bacon cheddar burger.  Now I have been searching for a truly great burger since I moved here.  I ordered the burger medium (I knew I was in for a treat as most places don't even ask).  The burger was perfectly cooked Angus beef with just the right amount of pink without being undercooked.  Carlos takes pride in the quality and flavor of the meat and it shows.  The bun was crisp on the outside and soft inside and the cheese was melted so it covered the top and sides but didn't fall out onto your hands.This is one of the best burgers in the area and the price is right.  Burger, fries and onion ring appetizer cost me only $17.00.I can't wait to come back and sample some of Carlos' other creations.  This is a diamond in the rough.  Don't miss your chance to meet Carlos!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,3/31/2014,179,152,7,17,11>I like this place for a once in awhile go to for homemade matzah ball soup! You can get it without noodles and just enjoy the goodness of soup. Probably best in town. They try to give you that deli feel we get back home but they don't put pickles on the table anymore and it's gotten further away from a NY deli thru the years. The sandwiches however are nice and thick loaded with fresh meats. The bakery section is quite small compared to others and the challah is better other places. But the food is good and enjoyable, if you get deli food, not a burger.... (Like someone at our table did....)The customer service has been variable the times we have been there and the cleanliness has varied too. Not sure if because of how long they have been there or what but hasn't been remodeled. Depending on when you go, you can be waiting awhile too as the place is quite small. I like this place and the local business but overall it's changed a lot thru the years!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/30/2014,112,130,4,19,12>Part of what makes Yelp so exciting, at least for me, is finding places that I might not normally hear about. Rock 'N'oodles is definitely one of those good finds! I don't live or work anywhere near downtown and would have probably never seen it otherwise. It's a small building right off Charleston on 3rd Street that would be easy to miss if you were driving by. The restaurant itself is very small and can only seat about 12 people plus a couple outside tables. I love the décor though, it's simple but awesome with an entire wall covered in great albums they've got in really cool little frames.When it comes to the food, you'll quickly realize why it's called Rock 'N'oodles. All the dishes are named after songs like Great Balls of Fire, Californication & The Devil Went Down To Georgia, just to name a few. Two of the ones we've tried so far now are Buffalo Soldier and Sweet Home Alabama...which I can only describe as versions of mac 'n cheese on steroids! The Alabama is a gouda macaroni topped with popcorn chicken and BBQ sauce with some bacon and onions tossed in. With the Buffalo Soldier you get blue cheese macaroni with carrots and celery topped with buffalo chicken. Now, like I said...steroids! Flavor is spectacular in both, pasta is cooked perfectly and each bite just keeps you wanting more! I've noticed some reviews mention small portions. I can only assume the owner/management are paying attention because these are definitely not small plates. We've also tried Born On The Bayou and Paradise City...I was only able to finish my entire plate once. On top of that, the customer service is great and even after my son accidentally spilled his Sprite all over the counter, we were met with smiles and a friendly attitude! Prices aren't bad either, with the most expensive dish coming in at about $12. This is a must try spot!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,3/29/2014,162,212,7,10,9>My new favorite place for pizza on the west side of town!!Custom build pizza is simply just that: a democratic pizza building operation where its you who makes the choices of whats on your pie! Yes, your vote counts here!!The combinations are endless as there are 3 crusts4 sauces4+ cheese's20+ toppings I suck at math but the pizza combinations are nearly exponentially infinite! If you are hard up and really want to know how many different pizzas are possible us a permutation formula calculator. While you do that i will be eating them for you; all in the name of science.Your creation takes about 8 minutes or so to cook (time varies on how busy of course) We lucked out and got our pizza's in about 8 min or less.The pizza's has a nice crisp crust and were nice tasting. I wish I could tell you what we got on each pizza but I forgot. Just look at the pics and drool all over your keyboard or mobile phone. A word to the wise, the diablo sauce is supa hot! On the advice of the staff we mixed it with the traditional red sauce. I like the 3 creations that we concocted and am eager to make more!Eat here with confidence!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/28/2014,186,246,7,22,14>Me and a friend received the tea service at 2 PM for $20 a person. Actually in comparison to other tea services, this is pretty cheap -- so it's worth it if you really love tea :) Ambiance: 5 - I'm surprised that there was no one in this restaurant at the time that I went! Although, it is upstairs in a little hard to see for visitors & tourists. The place is clean and nicely decorated. there is a huge bar inside and a gorgeous balcony where you can eat. Or, you can sit inside and enjoy the warmth of the restaurant.Service: 5 - The service was perfect! Our server always checked on us to see if we were okay or needed more water for our tea. They came out with everything pretty fast. They were chill about us staying there, so we took our sweet time ;) Food: 4 - First, the tea: I got wild berry tea. it's served with actual tea leaves and is very tasty. If you require honey, you must ask! The Plates: The bottom tier of sandwiches was really good!! There are. 4 types, but I really enjoyed that smoked salmon sandwich. The 2nd tier was the scone! It came with jam and cream for spooning on top. That scone is delicious. It's not crazy sweet, but light and fluffy. Actually, I might do tea service again just for the scone. The top tier was dessert. It came with macarons, chocolate nuggets, and a delicious cream puff. The macaron was probably not their best choice to include, but that cream puff makes up for it!!! Desserts change too; you may request certain desserts if they have them available! This is a calm, romantic spot for tea lovers! I'll probably be going again!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/27/2014,425,246,7,20,13>The Lion's Tail Tavern is a drink-forward, gaming bar with one of the best names around!Billed as an American style cocktail bar with a Vegas twist, The Lion's Tail Tavern fits right in at Village Square.  It's a locals kind of establishment where I could easily see regulars coming to gamble a little while they get their drink on.  They are classier than the typical Vegas neighborhood bar, but still maintain a warm genuine feel. The Lion's Tail Tavern is straightforward in their approach--serving quality drinks (with some elevated options), lots of seats for gaming, big screens to watch the game, and of course... Golden Tee to keep things real.  Those familiar with this area of town may know Danny from Three Angry Wives.  One of the nicer bartenders around, he knows how to take care of players and is now the general manager at TLTT.I also understand that you will be able to order from Bachi Burger (next door) to satisfy your hunger needs, and that they will bring your food over to you!I don't frequent gaming bars, but had an enjoyable experience here.  5 stars for drinks, gaming, viewing and purity of focus.  If you're not into gaming this is probably not a spot you'll be dying to come back to, but if you're looking for another option to incorporate into your weekly routine they are solid option to play on West Sahara.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,3/26/2014,465,217,11,20,16>Bachi Burger...I'm a huge fan. This is one of my favorite places for gourmet burgers. My favorite burger is the black and green (only because it's so good that I haven't ordered anything else), the wagyu grass fed beef, mushrooms, blue cheese and spinach blend together deliciously in your mouth. These burgers are pretty good sized. The buns are super soft, and the meat is really tender. With every bite you take, it just melts in your mouth. We ordered the Salt and Pepper Garlic Fries. I really like the garlic chili aioli, but next time I'd like to try the Truffle Parmesan Fries. Our neighbor ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries and they looked amazing. The plate was huge, although there was only two and they finished the whole plate without issue. I think it's because they are that good.The only thing average about this place was my iced tea.  It was just ok. I'm definitely a little picky about my iced tea, so I just wouldn't order it again here. Maybe next time I'll try the Matcha Green Tea instead.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/24/2014,106,129,7,21,14>It's sad that I didn't give Kyara a try earlier, as it is merely a few minutes from where I live. Japanese Tapas has always been a little intimidating to me, as I don't really know what I'm ordering a lot of the time. I've been missing out -The food at Kyara is excellent, as far as I can tell. There is time and effort put into a lot of their dishes, along with quality ingredients. I've now tried nearly a dozen of their different items, though there are still many more to be tried. My favorite at this point was a simple chicken and rice bowl called Tori Meshi. Uncomplicated to say the least, but still very delicious.The Chicken Garlic Ponzu is also truly tasty. It has strong flavors that jump out at you, but is unique enough that it is intriguing. Another excellent dish was the Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad. The salmon is very lightly seared and the texture of the dish is amazing, as well as the presentation.Some other highlights so far have been the deep fried cheese, which while straight forward, was tasty and had some nice variety of cheese. Their pork belly skewer is average, while the Negi Ma (chicken and green onion)  skewer was very tasty. The sasami (chicken breast) was not as good, as it really was just a piece of chicken on a skewer. I also tried the bacon mochi skewer, which, while interesting, wasn't necessarily that strong of a combination.I would probably pass on the potato salad, which really was just that, and the Niku Jaga was good but also just seemed like sukiyaki. Still, there are many dishes that I would like to try.It is definitely worth noting that their desserts are extremely good and priced very cheaply, in my opinion. The Yuzu Fromage Mousse is really quite amazing, as is the Green Tea Waffle, which is enough for 3-4 people and only costs around 5 dollars.Service here is a little on the slow side, which is really my only knock on the place. A table was ready and we were asked to sit for a good 5 minutes for no real reason other than they had some trouble keeping up with the crowd. I'm not sure if that's a normal situation, or if they are short one or two servers during the busy hours.All in all, Kyara is a very good and reasonably priced option for those desiring to try a multitude of Japanese-influenced flavors, and I see myself returning here many times for it's convenience to my location as well as its excellent food.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,3/23/2014,1421,143,14,26,23>I used to go across the street to Grimaldi's, completely oblivious to Novecento's existence, but now that my eyes have been opened thanks to the check-in prowess of my Yelpers, this has become my top choice of pizza spots.Let's begin with the easy, no-nonsense approach to ordering, much like you would a typical phone-in pizzeria you can select whatever toppings you desire on a base pizza you like...we like the Margherita Pizza...marinara, fresh mozarella, fresh basil, grated cheese, and EVO...AND we add fresh garlic and fresh ricotta cheese. Yes, everything is FRESH! The assembly line style ordering starts with hand stretched dough, then goes to toppings which are thoughtfully dotted on your pizza. Be sure to ask them to brush the fresh garlic oil on first, it makes it. Then the crust gets seasoned before it goes into the bright red HOT oven that bakes your pizza in 90 seconds!  At that speed why would anyone pay MORE and wait longer for average delivery pizza?We also love getting either a burrata or caprese salad with our pizza. I can't seem to find burrata in most Italian restaurants, now I can get it at my local pizza joint! Oh happy day! The pizza has a nice chewy thin crust with bubbled charred areas, sauce is light and a little bit wet (but I don't mind) the cheese is perfectly melted and doesn't have that pool of grease from processed cheeses. We usually share a regular pizza between the 2 of us but you can eat an entire pizza and not feel that bad because it is so light. I wouldn't wait too long to eat your pizza because it does get soggy from the sauce.The burrata is very creamy and rich, and it does fill you up a little. The other times, we opt for the caprese salad which is much lighter. 5 simple ingredients mozzarella, tomato, basil, balsamic and EVO...delicious.Now I'm accustomed to paying a bit of a premium for a pizza and salad at Grimaldi's, but at Novecento's our bill for a salad and pizza is usually around $20...what a deal and we don't have to worry about taking home leftover pizza and the whole car reaking of garlic.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,3/22/2014,1407,1189,12,25,20>Hairstylists....they are hard to find...and when you find one...its hard to keep a good, consistent one. Lately, my stylist has been AWOL, and I needed a cut pretty bad! I had to find a place and QUICK! I was kinda nervous though, because there have been times I walked out with my hair butchered, and even one time bald like Mr. Clean!(True story!), just out of desperation to get my hair did, and I didn't want that to happen again...Warren P. had mentioned Hi-Rollers located on E Charleston and Maryland Parkway to me a while back, and since we were heading in that direction, I decided to check Hi-Rollers out. Next door to the Huntridge Pharmacy, Hi Rollers is definitely a hidden gem. Those who know about it know what to expect. I've been to Hi-Rollers on three occasions, and I've been more than pleased each and every time. Love the vibe as you step inside, as if you went back in time to a shop of the 50s and 60's, cool pieces from Martin's personal collection and gifts decorate the walls(LOVE the Loteria cards and the Corona street sign which is Wifey's maiden name and Martin's last name!? Hmmmm...maybe they're related???)The foursome of Martin, Chris, Caynen, and Chops make up the team at Hi-Rollers, with Levi being the shop keeper sweeping up, and making sure all supplies stocked up and replenished at all times. Being in business since 2010, these guys have earned a great reputation of being some of the best barbers in the business and it shows with each and every haircut. These guys even got their own sense of style every Tuesday and Saturday which are "Dapper Days". Yeah, they've gotten a write up in the Las Vegas Weekly, and were seen on Counting Cars and Pawn Stars, but after all the publicity, these guys still remain down to earth which is huge. This is not your usual "turn and burn" "meet a  certain quota" kind of establishment. These guys don't watch the clock. Instead, they're busy chatting up a storm among themselves and their clients just like you'd see in barber shop style movies which ALWAYS makes for a great time. Just know that if flicks like Blood In Blood Out, American Me, Rush Hour or Goodfellas are playing on the TV, your haircut/wait time will just take that much longer, but its all good. I'm sure if they had their own TV show it would be HILARIOUS! Like many say, its definitely worth the wait. Even the line out the door before they even open is proof. Their hours are Tue.-Fri. 9 am-5 pm, and Sat. 9 am-4 pm(Closed Sunday, Monday and the first Tuesday of every month) and the best advice I can give you is get here early, and if you are #5 in line, you will have at least a 30 minute wait. (There are only four chairs, and four barbers) They do not take appointments or credit cards, so bring cash, grab a little bite to eat, and expect to spend a good couple hours of your day here. Another important thing to remember is to know who came before you, and who came after you. You don't pick numbers, just know your order. You may move up a bit quicker if someone has a certain barber they are waiting on. Haircuts start at $15 with fades starting at $19 and includes a warm cream/straight razor shave and a hot towel finish. This awesome experience is at least a minimum of 30-45 minutes and everyone I've seen walk out after being cut is totally satisfied. This is also your one stop shop for all your pomade needs to keep your wig tight where you can find top brands like Suavecito, Layrite, and Shiner Gold. Seriously some of the sweetest pompadours and side parts  I've seen.Fellas, if you're searching for a spot that cuts, blends, shaves, and fades like nobody's business, you may want to check out Hi-Rollers. Highly recommended!!!   ALOHA!!!Shaka Meter:  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  \uuu/  5*Saturday hours are now 9am-4pmYELP 365 CHALLENGE 2014-(44/365) "The Best Barbers in the Business"
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/21/2014,428,198,21,30,23>Many Las Vegans have declared that pursuing authentic Taiwanese food in this town is like finding a pot of gold at the end of a rainbow. My ever-growing curiosity in this uniquely ethnic cuisine, as well as guidance from people who are knowledgeable about this food has led me to Noodle Pot. I can say, without a shadow of doubt, that this establishment has superseded  my expectations!Following a brief stop at the Shavery, I ran into Will (a.k.a. the artist formerly known as SnowFlake), along with a couple of Yelper's, and we decided to go to Noodle Pot. I have driven past this joint many times without thinking twice to stop in. It was a startling revelation to learn that, according to Will, Noodle Pot has some truly legitimate  Taiwanese grub in Vegas. Most notably, I wanted to try the national dish of Taiwan, spicy beef noodle soup.I admire extraordinary mom-and-pop, hole-in-the-wall resto's, and Noodle Pot fits the bill to a tee. The comfortable yet lively vibe keeps the interaction going. After the server sat us down, we ordered some appetizers along with the spicy beef noodle soup.Cold Vegetable Appetizer Plate - The first time I ordered this it came with pickled cucumbers and other vegetables, and wheat gluten. The cucumbers were marvelous, with the correct amount of saltiness to harmonize with the sweetness used in the sauce. The wheat gluten was another smash hit. It tasted incredibly akin to a concoction of beef and chicken. (Note: Coming here on a separate visit, and ordering this dish again, they had replaced the wheat gluten with soy sauce hard-boiled eggs. I notably did not enjoy them, and I was not too confident to which tree the egg grows on, but that's just me ((hehe)).Pork and Chive Dumplings - Another sublime feature! The dumpling wrappers tasted hand made, and the filling inside was outstanding with perfectly tender pork matching the bright flavor of the chives. The vinegary soy sauce dip was the icing on the cake.Beef Roll - My least favorite item, but pretty splendid nonetheless. Slices of beef and cilantro wrapped around a thin crepe. I actually prefer other Chinese versions that use a thicker, flakier scallion pancake in which the inside is coated with hoisin sauce. But, it was delish.Spicy Beef Noodle Soup - the "Pièce de résistance" to our meal. We opted for the wide noodles instead of the regular noodles (think of it as thicker version of pappardelle). The noodles were perceived as if they were hand made and hand pulled, even though they probably came from a special noodle factory. The broth was nuts! It was packed with beef flavor, but exceptionally delicate. Hints of tomato added depth. Large portions of tender beef dotted the soup. Also, if the server has not brought out the chopped pickled cilantro, ask for it. That combined with the baby bok choy in the soup will give the dish a marvelous variation!Many have mentioned this before, but I will proclaim it again. CASH ONLY!!! Save the plastic for the surgeon's table! :D(Another side note: I took my brother here when he visited and at the time they had run out of beef so we opted for the Spicy Beef Tendon Soup. Even though I was fine, my brother returned home and had the hershey squirts for the next few days. The soup comes with a tremendous amount of tendons, so if you are not used to eating lots of offal or weird animal bits, I would be cautious when ordering this version).
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,3/20/2014,266,85,23,24,19>The head  baker here is a bad  mutha--shut yo mouth!!! I was referred here by an unnamed source who decided they'd had enough of me and my so called diet and boy was this a diet busterFirst off, the thing that impressed me out of nowhere was the tres leches. Usually buying tres leches from somewhere other than a Mexican bakery usually ends in a sugary wet disaster, but when they pulled it off, I knew we could be in businessThe cream of the crop, at least to me were the mini pies. I always love eating pies by myself so making one smaller was only the next logical step, and I must say it almost brought a tear to my eye. Me and my food brother took bites out our pies and then gave each other that look that only a fellow secret food beast will understand. Needless to say those pies went off to the great bakery in the skyLong story short, get here, eat some pastries then walk out like a boss
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/19/2014,242,416,8,20,14>This place is just a couple miles away from my house, so I have been watching it like a hawk! I came in with my boyfriend on grand opening day (today), which happened to be a Monday, the only day they're suppose to be closed. The place Was fully stocked with EVERYTHING. Macarons in every color of the rainbow, different flavored flans, cakes (whole and slices), eclairs, tarts, cookies, croissants, banquettes, etc. We came in for pastries, but my boyfriend ended up with a sandwich combo (iced tea, French onion soup, roast beef/pesto sandwich) for $9.95. I ordered a 12oz latte ($3) and a few macarons ($1.10ea) pistachio, pistachio/chocolate, and rose. The soup was very flavorful. I didn't expect it to taste that great, so I was pleasantly surprised. The sandwich was a pretty generous portion, considering the combo price. You get a whole croissant with loads of meat inside. I didn't try it since I'm not a big roast beef fan, but my bf killed it pretty fast, so I'm assuming it was good. The espresso was nicely made considering it came from an automatic machine and it went very well with my 3 delicious macarons. The guy accidentally gave me a ginger macaron instead of my rose macaron. Luckily I really like ginger, so it was a satisfying mistake, but I only took a bite before trading it for the rose macaron! All the macarons were very fresh with a light, crisp outer layer and soft center. They all tasted exactly like you would imagine the flavor to taste. When I had a bite of the ginger, I felt like I ate a piece of the actual root! And when I ate the rose macaron, I imagined smelling a bouquet of roses. Overall, this place is amazing. I usually expect a few kinks when going to a brand new place, but all the food and pastries we had were amazing. This would've been a 5 star review, but I felt like the customer service wasn't equally distributed. We were sitting just two tables away from a couple that the cashier/server constantly kept checking up on and conversing with without checking up on us a single time, even after I had to exchange the macaron he mistakenly gave me. He even gave the couple some complimentary pastries (not exactly sure what they were) to try. I just feel that he should've at least checked up on us or talked to us if he was going to constantly give them special treatment.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,3/18/2014,410,224,7,14,10>The best fried chicken in town seems to be KFC...Kathy's Fried Chicken, that is, of Kathy's Southern Cooking.  The fried chicken dinner is $11.75 and gets you three pieces of chicken, corn bread, and two sides.  Sides were decent, corn bread was good, but the chicken absolutely steals the show.Service is casual but super friendly.  Food is made fresh to order, so be prepared for a bit of a wait; our party of eight was there for 2-3 hours.  For fried chicken!  It's so worth it though.  The breading is not too heavy, is cooked to that perfect golden brown, spiced just right, and encapsulates a perfectly cooked, juicy piece of chicken.  My friends are now no longer allowed to recommend fried chicken to me, unless they've tried Kathy's.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,3/17/2014,433,1034,4,15,10>SkinnyFats is definitely a modern concept for Vegas. It preaches sustainability and fresh ingredients for healthy and delicious food. I have been a few times and each was not a disappointment. Initial view makes it look expensive. Once you see the amount of food you receive for the price, it is a steal. It is definitely one of the new favorite places.The first visit had me reeling at how delicious the food is. The Smoke in a Bowl is one of my favorites. The mixture of sweetness from the agave BBQ chicken mixed with the savory components made it well balanced. The second time; I got the Slow Boat to China and the aPollo fries. It is a generous portion of both. The hollowed out half cucumber topped with chicken salad and a mixture of sauces was excellent. The sweet potato fries topped with a mixture of sweet and savory. It was odd at first to remember that there are olives, cranberries, chicken, feta, and arugula topped with a balsamic reduction. It worked well together. The breakfast fell into the same catergory. Satisfactory for the most part. I had a few bites of the Creme Brulee french toast and enjoyed it without the maple syrup. The beet salad is nothing special and was the biggest disappointment. I just don't think about them and it was another perfect experience.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,3/16/2014,344,499,6,23,10>Family Friendly Bar/Restaurant with a good ole theme...Bacon!Not EVERYTHING is bacon drenched, so if you are looking for something else, you should still be ok with their long-listed menu.  But for the bacon/fat LOVERS out there, you will get your thirst quenched!I went with The Bacon Burger ($12.95): 60/40 Beef/Bacon Patty, Croissant Bun, Horseradish and Chive Cheddar, Caramelized Onions, Arugula, and Garlic Fries ($1.50 add). Great burger! Super juicy, fatty and messy...just how I like em! Not quite Slaters, but very good, and the Garlic Fries are the MOST garlicky I've had! Vampire worthy for sure!  Yum :)Also tried The Cure ($13.95): Maple Glazed Beer Braised Bacon on a Toasted Baguette, Fried Egg, Tomato Jam, and Garlic Fries ($1.50 add). This was good, "bacon" was an inch thick cut of pork belly lol...heart attack anyone?? It was very sweet, from the Maple glaze...pretty tasty overall!  I'd still recommend the burger of course ;)If the burger had a little more zing to it, I think it could possibly push this review to a 5!  Prices are super reasonable and the food is great, just needs a little more somethin to get it to sparkle lolI'll be back for another!Pics :
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,3/15/2014,893,876,8,21,14>I always say when it comes to Asian restaurants especially Chinese and Taiwanese - the crappier the service, the better the food. Tony T's ROTD reminded me to take this off my bookmarked places.Xiao Long Bao:You get 9 baos for $7. I can't help but compare XLB I've had in Shanghai and Taipei to everyone else's version. I'm very happy to say that I've found my XLB spot here in Vegas! The bao had the perfect thickness, the soup inside was hot and delicious. Glowing and glistening 5/5Fried Tofu with Mixed Mushrooms:Even though the tofu pieces were fried, they were soft. The mushrooms were tasty but they slide off your chopsticks. The brown sauce was good. 4/5Beef Noodle Soup:Our server warned me this was spicy. I appreciate it when they do that but I had a cold anyway so, bring on the heat! I could taste cumin. My nose started running - I'm not sure if it was from the spiciness or my cold...or both. The beef chunks were fatty so I had to eat around it since I'm not a fan of animal fat. I had 2 pieces of bok choy and tender noodles in my bowl. 3.5/5Pork Loin in Red Garlic Sauce:I didn't even know we ordered this. Shredded pork with red bell pepper strips. This reminded me of a thick and meatier version of Hot & Sour soup. 3.5/5Steamed Shrimps in House Garlic Sauce:Head on, butterflied but not all shrimps got de-veined. But the sauce was fantastic! Nice and garlicky. One of the better ways I've had shrimp. 4.5/5They have street food you'll find in China like frog legs, chicken organ meat on a stick, etc.There were items we wanted to try but they no longer serve them like: enoki mushroom beef roll, pork belly with preserved vegetable(s)They need to update their menu. Even our server said it. They need to remove items they no longer serve and correct the typos. I'll definitely come back for XLB!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/14/2014,533,627,20,24,26>REVIEW #500  For review #500, I wanted to write on an attractive land that has been my rock. It is Red Rock. Red Rock is a land where imagination runs wild and grownups can feel like children for a few hours. A hike on the La Madre Springs and White Rock Trails pass summits that look like piggybanks and bottles. It passes alongside mountains where the imagination can make out the different Beatles. It is a land where the scenery is dependent on a healthy imagination. It is where imagination conquers drama. Red Rock is a land where you can feel like a video game character with one life. Maneuvering up and down the peppermint colored boulders on the Kraft Mountain Loop Trail is a video game adventure come to life with a view of the Las Vegas Strip as an award. Red Rock is a land with a stairway to heaven. With its commanding views of Las Vegas and Red Rock Canyon, the summit of Blue Diamond Hill is a taste of heaven.The Las Vegas Overlook Trail to the summit of Blue Diamond Hill is the stairway to heaven. Red Rock is Candy Land transported to the desert. With its gum drop colored hills, peppermint colored boulders, and molasses colored pond, First Creek Waterfall is a sweet oasis in the desert. Red Rock is a land where 13 is a lucky number. Driving or cycling on the 13-Mile Scenic Drive is on a Carefree highway where life's blues is replaced by an upbeat rhythm of majestic red and grey mountains towering over a picture postcard of the Mojave Desert. Red Rock is a land that lays to waste the myth that the desert is baron. The La Madre Springs, White Rock, and Icebox Canyon trails are a few trails that travel through a verdent landscape of greenery from pinyon pine to pine trees. Red Rock is a land where the rocks are the stars. I felt better than any Hollywood star spending time with the rock stars that include White Rock, Mount Wilson, Calico Hills, and Kraft Mountain. When people hike in Red Rock what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas! Especially stress!  When I attended my first UYE at Norm. K's Hike at the Potato Knoll; drama stayed in Vegas. The beautiful landscape created adventure that brought the Yelp CommUnity together. Red Rock is a land of goal setting. I plan to return to Red Rock Canyon with the goals of reaching the top of Turtlehead Peak. Ultimately I will return to Red Rock with the goal of more adventure and less drama.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,3/13/2014,161,172,8,18,15>Yes!!! This is what i'm talking about!  Think "Modern Korean."  Just think about that for a second.  "Modern" but "Korean.."  Who else is doing something modern?? Think think..   t h i n k. . .   .       . Friend told me about this spot and said it was really good.  Actually I think that's what she wanted to say because all i really heard was "tacos," and i immediately withdrew from the convo and came straight here.  That's not what really happen, but it was something like that. Everything was a blur up until now. Crap, I think i even just pee'd a little.Upon entry this restaurant is contemporary. A large layout with several compartments.  A bar over here, a little room over there, and of course the main room.  I had no idea what the whole concept was about; however, Jae, our server, was very helpful and offered some great suggestions.  The menu is simple yet sophisticated serving modern dishes as well as traditional Korean dishes with a twist.  Plenty of solid choices:Fried Chicken $10:  Loose pieces of Fried Ck perfectly battered over two piece of butterhead lettuce, mountain of julienne scallions, and a drizzle of sesame dressing.  I really like this dish, but deep down i was begging for more of that sesame sauce. Just a bit more, so i don't have to clean the plate with my chicken bits. For some odd reason the taste reminded me of Mc'D ck nuggets but better.Bulgogi Sliders $8:  Perfectly marinated beef in a brioche.  Good but for 8 dollars they should either add a 3rd slider or make it more meatier so you don't have to have a mouthful of bread.  Comes with Ruffle Chips.  I didn't bother to try but it better be made in house.Spicy Korean Pork Tacos $9:  What a surprise this was!  Has an creamy avocado sour cream sauce, kimchi chutney (says in the description in the menu), and a special ssam sauce (that reddish Korean paste that you wrap your BBQ and lettuce in.)  All that in a taco and it naturally work.  If this was the only item served here i would not be mad at all.  No water?? That's OK, I'll get a drink later!   Oh and the weird thing was the Ruffle Chips somehow made its way onto this plate too.  Who's in charge here?!Bossam (traditional) $10:  Braised Pork Belly.  I don't know how this was supposed to taste like but i thoroughly enjoyed it.  Sweet and bold fatty flavor in every bite and even better paired with the pickled radish.Braised Short Ribs (traditional) $13: I couldn't taste much of this because they sprinkle some pine nuts all over it gAaahh.  It looked rather small and the meat didn't seem that tender.  I had a little taste and resembled beef stew.  Although for $10 a plate we're not getting much portion wise, but for the most part the imprints of the food left me curious for more.  I'm already excited for my next visit.  Would love to see a happy hour menu, and daily specials in the near future.4/5 easy.  Lose the chips, seriously.  *bonus*  They have Solomon's Seal Tea.  Drinking it with ice is so refreshing
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,3/12/2014,268,105,11,18,17>I have been waiting for sweets raku to be opened since a year ago. I visited this place with my husband on the second week after grand opening. We came here with full stomach and high expectation after dinner. I have to say it was worth the wait! We shared the pre-fixed menu ($19) and ordered momo (peach) and champagne rose tea ($6). (FYI, they charge $5 additional for sharing pre-fixed menu and $7 extra for dessert wine pairing !) We had seating at the desert bar and got to see how the magic happened. It was quite a show to see how pastry chef assembled all the pastries into art. Amuse - Mango sorbet with mint jelly and leafI never had mango with mint together before. I was surprised how well these two flavors went together, Sorbet had a thick texture, and I felt like I had real mango in my mouth. Mint jelly kinda refresh my palate in the end.Marriage - sponge cake with banana cream and strawberriesI liked this dish a lot! Sponge cake tasted really moist and soft. Banana cream has just right amount of sweetness. Apollo - Chocolate and framboise mousse cakeI loved the earl grey ice cream on top of the this chocolate mousse cake. It was definitely the highlight of this dish. Also, the strawberry rice stick was very airy and delish!Petits Fours - mini lava cakelava cake was super chocolatey and went very well with raisins and passion fruit marshmallows. Our waitress told me that we have the option to order a la carte and it would be $12 each dish. It would definitely be a good option for people just want to have little sweet ending after a full meal from other restaurants. She also told me that sweets raku is gonna change their menu next week. (new items like apple pie and chestnut cream cake... and maybe foie gras dishes) I got really excited after hearing that!! Everyone knows me knows how much I love foie gras hahaaa!! Next time, I will come back to try their cheese plate with dessert wine pairing (illiskillin ice wine) and maybe foie gras dishes!!!!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,3/11/2014,366,699,6,15,10>One of Vegas's not so well known gems is the Railroad Tunnel Trail. I've walked it, rode a mountain bike on it, and no matter how I choose to experience it I always enjoy the experience. Bring your camera, you'll kick yourself if you don't. CRITICAL NOTE: There is NO DRINKING WATER along this trail. Be prepared, bring plenty of water with you! This is a former railroad grade...so you're looking at easy elevation changes except when you get close to the dam. One other local's note. The closer you get to the dam, the hotter / windier it gets. Like as I write this there's a wind advisory up and it's for...the Colorado River from Lake Mead downstream and that puts the trail right in the middle of the typical wind advisories. There are park benches at strategic spots that are great if you want to have a seat and look out over the lake. Be prepared for the thump thump of the tourist helicopters buzzing over head though. I'll take the noise of the helos over a bunch of slot machines any day.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,3/10/2014,1040,88,11,18,17>I am writing this review as I enjoy leftovers from dinner earlier tonight. The Nora experience ...ahh where to start...From the moment you step into Nora's you feel right at home. The restaurant has this indescribable homey feel to it that just puts a person at ease. There are two rooms to the restaurant, without having made a reservation, we were lucky enough to be seated immediately in the room by the kitchen.Their ceiling is very unique and is decorated with Trinacria ornaments which is the symbol of Sicily. Our server was nice enough to give us a short history lesson...pretty interesting. The garlic bread...ahhh the garlic bread...I could probably eat three baskets myself. So thin, crispy, and buttery....ahh AND GARLICKY...so delicious. The first basket is free and every additional basket is 2.50...which is smart of them because it is just that addicting. I can see people going off on the garlic bread and call it a day. I ordered the Chicken Carciofi in attempts to be "healthy"....I figured that chicken breast can't be that bad for you...eh. The order is served with pasta, fresh tomatoes, artichokes, and capers. The chicken was so moist and the flavors were just MMmmmMm...perfect...not to salty and just right. Pretty much blown away at first bite. Very generous portions, which explains why I'm stuffing my face with pasta at 1:30am...Such a bad idea blaghhh...Body will hate me for eating all these carbs before bed.Friends got the rigatoni special and cheese raviolis which were great as well but I was pretty overwhelmed with my Carciofi to really enjoy theirs.We also got the calamari and mozzarella sticks as appetizers, but I wasn't really impressed with either.Really great Italian food at very reasonable prices without sacrificing service. Our server was very attentive and informative. I will definitely be back to try the crazy alfredo. It is probably a good idea to make a reservation next time to be seated in the main room.Guaranteed to put you in a food coma.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,3/9/2014,243,421,7,12,9>First visit to Echo & Rig and we were pleasantly surprise!When we arrived, this man was giving away free beer sample (Ballast Point Pale Ale).  There is also a charcuterie  area, tables and chairs, a bar, it was quite nice.  The hostess took us upstairs where the dining area is.  It looked very classy and chic.We were immediately greeted by our server and they have a pretty good memory on our complimentary selection of flat or sparkling water.  Our table shared/tasted the following:-Portobello fries: slices of thick Portobello were lightly battered and served with a green aioli.  Yum.-Bone Marrow:  A must try!  We all enjoyed this appetizer.-Octopus with gigante beans and green olives: very refreshing.-Lamb Chops: Seasoned to perfection and was very tender.-Trenne: Our server Nicholas recommended this but for us to keep in mind that it is not like the typical pasta.  I loved it!  I liked the crispiness and charred taste to some of the trenne.  The prime rib eye was super tender as well.  The black kale went so well with it.We tasted Nelson's hangar steak and oh boy, that was seasoned very well and again, super tender.  E&R sure knows how to cook up a piece of meat.We ended the meal with the berry shortcake and the caramel turtle sundae.  Caramel turtle sundae was the winner of the two.Our entire dinner service was stellar.  Nicholas was super attentive.  Even after we had paid our bill, he still made sure that we are ok, and that our water is topped off.We have already made plans in the future to return for brunch!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,3/8/2014,231,230,9,14,14>Sure you may find a discount liquor store a few bucks cheaper than Lee's. But I have watched these guys grow, from the beginning until where they are now, and I don't mind supporting the Vegas liquor store even if it means spending a tad more. Not to mention variety, they have such a great selection. Wines, beers, spirits, upscale pricy stuff, mixers, and even goodies like blue cheese stuffed olives. About half of the time I go, they are doing a tasting. Love that! Also, they support other local Vegas business's so that's a huge plus! I have never experienced anything less than remarkable service. Even when I called to check on a certain product, the employee knew they carried the product but doubled checked to make sure it was in stock before me coming down. They offer a points program as well for discounts and offers. Always happy, every time.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,3/7/2014,114,197,8,14,11>One of my friends from Chicago raves about this place, and even asked me to vote for their other location on the Las Vegas Review Journal;s best hot dogs award.  That was couple of years ago, and I never voted for them because I never made to that location, but I have to agree with him now on their sister location.When I think of Chicago foods, the first thing I that comes to mind is the SNL skit of the Mike Ditka fan's.   Just watching those guys " Kobayashiing" a bunch of dogs, and self-resuscitating themselves back to life after getting a massive heart attack was pretty funny.   Well, this could happen if you ate this way 24/7, 365 days a year, but what the heck....you have to treat yourself once in awhile, and why not here because it's sinfully good.Located across the parking lot from Krispy Kream on Eastern, Windy City looks small at the door front, but once you walk in, the dining area expands to a pretty good size room.   The staff is super friendly, and I armed with my groupon deal from them...damn, it was a heck of a deal.I'm no expert on deep dish pizza, but this pie is worth the drive.   Personally, I'm more of thin crust pizza guy, but this pie is my exception.   The crust at it thinnest area is about twice as thick as thin crust pizza, and it does need it because this pizza is packed with Meat, and cheese.   The sweet chunks of tomatoes flows with the sauce on top, and this pie is not weak hearted, because after eating two slices I was done for dinner.   It was tasty, filling, and reminded me of the old Red Lion pizza in Waikiki(back in 1990's)From what seen on the daily special board, there always a special if your name match the name of day.   Too bad for me, my name beyond uncommon.    Oh well.I had a few of their sandwiches on another visit, and the Chicago beef was very good, but it was the fries that impressed me.   Yeah, it that kind of place for me, because I will pound some food at this place, and become a honorary Mike Ditka disciple.     If you're from Chicago, this place is home away from home, and my go to spot for deep dish pizza in Las Vegas!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,3/6/2014,203,164,8,13,13>It's a real no-brainer that this will be the best Asian restaurant in town for many years to come. Cleanliness check, service check, decor check, food + drink check. You have everything and anything that your Asian craving desire. On top of that, you have the selection from the old Cravin Cajun menu! Crawfish and shrimp bags! I think that the Chicken Roti dish here should be their signature dish. I've been looking for years to find the equivalent of yelp.com/biz/bale-valleyand finally DOKB delivered. The game hen, so juicy, so crispy, so salty-sweet. It's the ultimate indulgence. Surprisingly it does not come with fish sauce dipping, so don't forget to ask for it. It's a must! It would be like eating egg rolls without the dipping sauce (which by the way this place makes a mean egg roll!!). I can take my whole family here and every single person in the crowd would be pleased. I love the simple yet expansive menu selection. I appreciate not having to choose from 10 difference combination of Vietnamese rice dish when there's really only one. I'm already craving my next meal here.....
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,3/5/2014,51,324,13,23,19>I have been here date nights or causal wine sipping numerous times since they have opened not even a month ago.I'm very impressed with The Sparklings.I waited months and months for it to open and even asked "when are you opening" to a construction worker once :)It is truly amazing the remodel that was done inside of this building. The inside used to have private hibachi rooms for goodness sake. The ambiance of the former sushi joint is now an updated and posh Martha Stewart worthy lounge. Whatever the hell that means, I just made it up. Sounds weird huh? Just look at the pics it's truly lovely. The chandelier that everyone takes pics of and talks about is magical.The menu is a more causal (Sage like) menu. Modern American Fusion? Who cares about the title. It's just good food. We have not ordered entrees here YET because we have already had dinner or were on our way to dinner on our visits. They said that they can accommodate to vegan for us no problem. I look forward to a pasta or a special custom creation. The items that we have had (so far) are very good.Portobello fries, flat bread, salads....wine, wine, and more wine :)The service is super accommodating, almost too much service. I guess because they are newer they want to help and help a lot. Lol. The over-service was only in the dining area. In the lounge the service is perfect.I truly love the way the did the garage door in the lounge and the way the patio area looks.I really want to sit in that left hand side back lounge booth with a ton of people. It's really soooo big it could fit 10+++ people. I love it. Their left side dining area private table would make a large gathering super fun.  I will update when we order full entrees and remember to take more pics since we are here soo much. Just go, it's a marvelous addition to the beautiful SW area. I am proud to be a regular.  Oh and hubby said no I could not redecorate our whole house like the inside of The Sparklings :(((((((;;)
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,3/4/2014,258,124,9,22,19>One word, delicious.If you can read more than one word, then read on my friend cause this is one of the best Indian restaurants that I've been to. Some hobknobs might find the location a bit shady, but the interior of the restaurant is clean and well put together and makes you forget about all the bums across the street. Whataraya gonna do? Amirite?This place has only been opened a week or so. The service here was good. While the waiters were new and seemed untrained in the usual customer service/waiter chatter, (family owned restaurant I assume?), they were still very polite and attentive, and boxed our food to-go for us. No complaints from me, they refilled my water glass often as I slew down all that spicy curry.Good news for all vegetarians, half the menu is vegetarian based, which put me in a chipper mood right off the bat when we entered. They also have multiple chicken and lamb entrees if you're still craving the meat food. For me not actually being a big fan of curry, the food was amazing and I ate till I was beyond stuffed. I forgot the names of the dishes we selected, but I had a nine vegatable combo with mild spicy creme curry and my boyfriend had the traditional chicken curry. Both were just right in hotness and didn't leave a chalky taste in my mouth like most curry does.The grand finaleeeee....Naan bread. mmm yes, that's right. the garlic naan bread here is so delicious I just wanted to go adopt a new puppy or something. Was so good that I got another frisbee shaped bread slice to-go.With all that and an extra bowl of rice, the price for two was pretty decent. We ate there during the dinner hours where they gave us a menu, but they also do a lunch buffet which I have yet to try. I plan on coming back here as this place has awakened my curry craving. I'm getting hungry just typing about it.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/3/2014,381,465,6,16,12>I've heard co-workers rave about this place all week, so I knew I had to get myself here today on my lunch break.Maybe I've seen the Travel Channel feature of this chain. Maybe not. But for sure I've seen the Italian beef sandwich on a couple food shows. And now that these guys are popping up on the West Coast (yeah, I know Vegas isn't on the coast, bear with me), you don't even have to go all the way to Chicago to try it.Business was brisk at peak lunch hour, but it wasn't overwhelmingly crowded even though they'd just opened a few days ago. I went for the Big Al, a 8 inch hunk of meat that all the ladies (and guys) are sure to love. The beef was awesome! It was ridiculously tender but still had lovely flavor and meaty texture. The sweet peppers were a nice complement and the bread definitely soaked up some of the au jus from the beef.Yeah, the sandwich is a little on the pricey side at $7.90 (and the Regular Al is $6.35). But I was browsing through some of the other locations' menus on their web site, including Chicago franchises, and I saw that they were not all that much cheaper than this place.I also had a small order of Homemade Fries (read: plain) for $2.55. I haven't bothered to look up who voted it top 10 in the U.S., but I could buy that argument since they had a balanced saltiness as well as both a soft inside and some crunch on the outside. The fries do complement the beef, so check them out at least once if you're not starch-averse or anti-spending.I'm excited to go back and try a full helping of hot peppers (probably medium-ish even for my sensitive taste buds), as well as get some of the extra au jus that would probably take the sandwich to the next level. That's right, I didn't even ask to get a dipped sandwich or to get extra au jus on the side. The sandwich was still that good.UPDATE: Went back a day latter, got a dipped Big Al with hot and sweet peppers and provolone. Even better. Can I give 6 stars, please?
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/2/2014,96,108,6,13,15>I've had the pleasure of enjoying The Goodwich a few times now and I have loved everything I've tasted! Other reviewers have gone over their location so I want to focus on how fantastic their food and service really is. First off you can call and order and they will bring it to your car. Jake has been there each time I've gone and you can see how busy he is yet he's still very personable!  I love seeing the effort he puts in! Having great service adds to any dining experience so they've already won half the battle. Now the food, I've tried Le Pig, the Spanish, the Foie, and fluff and nut. Le Pig- my favorite sandwich! It has beautiful chunks of tender pork belly, arugula dressed in a truffled vinegarette, and fontina cheese. This sandwich is fan-freaking-tastic!!! The flavors of the rich pork belly cut by the dressed arugula makes a symphony in my mouth. Foie&- foie gras mousse, crispy chicken skin, caramelized cabbage, and almonds. This sandwich has flavors that I would have never thought would work, but WOW the smooth mousse with the crunchy almond are great together. Fluff & Nut- this sandwich put a huge smile on my face as soon as I unwrapped it. Gooey marshmallow oozing out of the monte Cristo style white bread. I am still perplexed as to what the crunch is because it was crunchy till the last bite. I ate my Le Pig first and it was still crunchy!!!! On my last visit I had the luck of trying their house err stand?  Made pickles and they were fresh,  sweet,  spicy,  and crisp. I've never had such a clean flavorful pickle before. They make it even better by adding some haricot vert. Jake said they're also trying out beets so look for those in the near future! All in all I am very impressed by this stand. I tell any and all of my foodie buddies that they NEED to try The Goodwich. Honestly by the looks of it they are doing better then I could have imagined, I'm so happy they're so busy. Good luck Goodwich it looks like you'll be around a while, thank goodness.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,3/1/2014,201,75,8,17,10>My first festival, didn't know what to expect... but it definitely did not disappoint!What enticed me the most was the killer (no pun intended) line up and chefs that were scheduled to appear.  They closed down part of downtown (the Fremont area) so it was easy to get around without having to worry about cars on the streets.  Food: AMAZING!  The first day I decided to try all the greasy festival food.  Crab garlic fries blew my mind!  Super crispy, extra garlicky, addicting aioli, and a heaping scoop of crab on top for $9!  So good, I had it twice that day.  The second day my boyfriend and I decided to see what the Culinary Circle had to offer.  Top restaurants selling stuff on their menu for $10 bucks?!  It was such a steal to be able to try food from these well known places.  Nobu had appetizers for $6 and although I only got 3 pieces of sashimi & 2 pieces of pork belly, the quality was definitely up there, not like the AYCE places I'm used to.  We also tried Blue Ribbon's fried chicken, Culinary Dropout's chicken and shrimp skewer, and Origin Indian's chicken tikka masala.  Everything was delicious and worth the money.Music: They had everything from indie to hip hop.  I love how diverse the line up was and how there were so many stages set up that I was able to see bits of different performers as I was walking around.  My favorite performers had to be Passion Pit and Vampire Weekend.  All the bands were energized and got the crowd going!  Art: I wasn't expecting to see so much art here, but I'm glad I got to check it out.  They had murals all over the walls of building and a motel that dedicated each room to different artists.  It was nice to experience the art Vegas has to offer.  It reminded me a lot of First Friday.  I never used the bathrooms, but there were plenty of port-a-pottys and washing stations.  There were also 2 ferris wheels on opposite ends of the festival, it cost $5 to ride.  And there were plenty of ATMs around when you needed some cash. downsides:- I never got any cell reception there.  I'm glad I didn't go with a big group because I heard others complain that they couldn't find their friends when they separated.- not enough garbage cans.  The garbage was overflowing, so people just started to put their trash on the floor.  After exiting the stage, you can hear all the beer cups being kicked around by everyone.  All in all, it was a great experience!  I would definitely come back for the next one.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/28/2014,135,529,7,21,16>I was really sad to see Three Tomatoes and a Mozzarella go out of business, but excited to see a new restaurant go in. This is a really great layout, I absolutely love the outside/inside bar and patio area. The restaurant is pretty big inside with lots of TV's (they had the football games on when we were there, most people at the bar were watching). The menu had so much to choose from, we spent more time debating on what to get than your average customer. So the plan was to get a couple things and share. This was our order:Lobster bisque- awesome, prob one of the best I've had, tasted like I was at a strip restaurant. Not too much sherry, and the broth was delish. Crab Cakes- outstanding. About 90% crab (real crab) and not too much breading. Sauce is excellent too. Alaskan Cod and Fried Sea Clams-cod was excellent and I loved you could get a hint of the beer in the batter. Soft Shell Crab-so good! Batter was good, didn't take away from the taste of the crabs. Sides-*Hushpuppies were the best I've had (better than the ones I recently had in North Carolina) Not dry at all and had a good seasoning. *Sweet potato fries (can't really mess those up)*Coleslaw was good but it was a tad warm, needs to be a lot colder. *Potato salad wasn't the best I've had, a little on the plain side. I definitely want to come back and try some of their cocktails and sit outside on their patio. They had an good specialty cocktail list. My only gripe is, I loved the crab cakes, I just think $28 was a bit steep for them.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,2/27/2014,172,155,8,12,10>Tucked inside of Bailey's Restaurant and Bar on the Southwest corner of Craig and Rancho, this little Thai restaurant was a pleasure to visit.  It is owned by Tick, the original owner of Komol.  The Thai restaurant is basically the dining area of the bar.  It's a little smokey, and the bar definitely has a dive sports bar feel to it with a Coors logo of every NFL team lining the room. Surprisingly, one of the pioneers in the Las Vegas Thai food scene has made his return to Vegas in this little bar.  We ordered the Pad Kee Mao with Pork, the Beef Panang, and the Glass Noodle Salad.  All were entrees and were under $10.  The Pad Kee Mao was out first.  The pork was light and tender, the veggies crisp.  The noodles were a bit heavier than the typical noodle used in this dish.  The sauce was also light, with not a lot of flavor but with a nice balance to it. The Beef Panang and the Glass Noodle Salad were my favorite dishes.  Again, both were light in flavor but balanced with authentic ingredients.  The Beef Panang was watery as a good Thai Panang should be, and without peanut sauce.  The spices used did remind me of the Panang at Komol.  I quite enjoyed the flavor of it.  The Glass Noodle Salad was lightly sour, lightly herbed, but it hit all the right spots.  I recommend trying these two dishes.  Overall this little hidden Thai restaurant is definitely worth a try if you live in the neighborhood.  The heat levels were quite low (we ordered hot, and it was barely spicey), but our server said they have had some problems with customers ordering hot and complaining about it being too hot.  If you can't handle the heat, get out of the Thai restaurant is what I say, but I guess they have a business to run.  She said that now that she knows we can eat spicy, they'll make it Thai hot for us.  We had a nice little chat with Tick, the owner.  He opened Komol in '79.  The only other Thai restaurant at the time was Kung Fu.  It was a time when people didn't even know what Pad Thai was!  I got a nice little Vegas history lesson on Thai restaurants, and enjoyed his insights.  I will definitely try to come back and visit Tick and our waitress Kim to enjoy some light, but well made Thai food!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,2/26/2014,821,451,25,46,37>"GO WEST, YOUNG MAN" That was one of the first things to pop into my mind when I first heard about our much loved Frost Bites Shavery opening a possible new second location somewhere near Chinatown.  Now that FBS has opened at Seoul Plaza (where you can find: Raku, Monta Ramen, Big Wong, Japanese Curry Zen, Trattoria Nakamura-Ya, Kabuto and that awkward "massage" place where tourists leaves via taxi with a big grin on them faces) rebranded itself as SnowFlake Shavery, the famous partial quote by the American author Horace Greeley  about westward expansion and Manifest Destiny could be applied to our favorite shaved snow biz from Hendertucky.  +2 for just being soooo mucho more closer to the Westsiders. For those that have not tried shaved snow from SFS before, it is not the shaved ice you might have tried before with colorful syrups poured over the coarse shaved ice.  It is a more refined icy treat with powder snow or frozen cotton candy-like melt-in-your-mouth experience.  Think shaved ice version 2.3, so to speak.  All made with 100% NATURAL INGREDIENTS, no artificial flavorings or syrups used (which is the reason why taro is not one of the available flavors - sadly artificial taro flavorings trumps all natural taro shaved ice made from real taro only).Ordering 101:Step 1:  Choose a size: Small, Large, MonsterStep 2:  Choose a flavor:  From Vanilla, Cantaloupe to Green Tea and Black Sesame.Step 3:  Add a topping ($0.50 per selection):  Fresh fruits to candy and cereal.Step 4:  Top it off with a sauce (first one free, +$0.25 after that one):  Condensed Milk, Strawberry Condensed Milk, Chocolate and Caramel.If you are not sure, they also have helpful combos for you to pick from or help jump start your shaved snow creativity.  Although I have had Green Tea and Black Sesame Shaved Snow all by itself, and didn't think it needed any toppings or sauce. It is that good!Come and try it now that it is closer for everyone that does not live in Henderson.I think it is better than the ones I tried in SoCal and Taiwan (except the fresh mango from Taiwan is way better).Here are just a sampling of other real customer testimonials:Cathy C loves this place, because it is dessert sans guilt.Sandy K said it is so good it is like [frozen] crack.Norm K said Mango with coconut sounds good to me!Philip T thinks he like this more than frozen yogurt now.Roger T thinks Green Tea + Mochi + just a drizzle of Condensed Milk is dessert heaven.So what you be waitin' for? Come get some SnowFlake!Are you a wanna be competitive eater?  Member of a Greek fraternal organization looking for out of the box activities?  Do the Shaved Block Ice challenge!  Successful competitors earn the coolest bragging rights in town + extra(?)DISCLAIMER:  To harry I:  I am not a shill (I am deeply offended by being called that even if I had to first look it up in a dictionary).  And I am not a professional reviewer, but I will take that as a compliment.  And I believe in paying for the products and services from businesses (I want to review the customer service and experience that everyone gets), and writing a honest review of my personal experience.  If I happened to be passionate about it and write the review with flair, all the better.  Being new to Yelp you should read Yelp's Terms of Service, plus the site's Content Guidelines and Review Guidelines.  You can go back to tell your celebrity chef friend that if he is really passionate about the food he serves, he will not be using artificial powders. Is his product bad? NO.  But it is like comparing real orange juice (SnowFlake Shavery) to SunnyD (KSC).
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/25/2014,238,333,10,19,13>I've had this place bookmarked for a few weeks now, so when my friend suggested we go eat this was my first choice. Normally my choices are, from what he says, not good; but Streetcar Po' Boys was a great one!If you are coming from the Westside,  Summerlin,  Spring Valley, or any location West of the 15 my suggestion would be to take any side street, Rainbow, Decatur, Jones, Durango, or what have you and go straight down Oakey. GPS is lame and takes you all these crazy routes. Basically,  its next to Little Darlings off Western and Oakey right under the 15.Upon entering we were greeted by the hostess and D'nis let us choose where we wanted to sit. We chose a spot next to the kitchen and it was a great choice because we got to speak to the cook and workers throughout our visit.  We checked out the menu and being that I'm a lame and don't eat any seafood besides shrimp I opted for The Big Easy (9.25$) my friend was going with the same alas their shipment of goodies was delayed so I got the last remaining shrimp, yay me, sorry breh! He is more adventurous and got The Gulf (8.95$) fully dressed. With your Po' Boy you get cajun chips, and coleslaw.  You can opt to add sides which start at 1.99 $ more. He also ordered a Cafe Au Late which I had a sip of and it was sweet and delicious! Whilst waiting for our food we chatted with the cook, who was extremely informative and super nice! He told us how all of their seafood and bread is flown in from Louisiana, and that granny wouldn't have it any other way, awesome! We ordered beignets (3 for 3.50 $) and they were brought out to us hot and fresh! They were delectable,  but beware of that pesky powdered sugar! These are definitely a great accompaniment to the cafe!Our Po' boys were brought out and we were super impressed.  I ordered mine sans tomatoes, and it was perfect!  The shrimp was not overcooked or overly/underly breaded and the mayo they use is a great compliment to the bread and all the fixins. The catfish used in my friends sandwich is different from their normal strips, granny opted for large filets which were flaky and delicious my friend said. The cajun chips are also delicious with a zing added with those yummy Creole spices! Coleslaw was also yummy, not too acidic like some other places. During our grubfest the cook came out to assure we were satisfied and also offered us samples of either fried or grilled alligator. I didn't wimp out and actually tried a piece of the fried, which was not bad. A sweet little cooks helper came out and offered us some banana bread muffins she was experimenting with and wanted our honest opinions on them, they were sensational but I suggested possibly adding walnuts to half the batch as D'nis is not kosher with them dudes. All in all this was an excellent choice on my behalf, haha. The food is tasty and customer service is just amazing! The food is reason to go back, but customer service is what's going to get you to stay and be regulars.  We will definitely be back! I only see this place relishing, support your local businesses!  As an added note, they are no longer open for breakfast! Hours are from 11am til close.Yay!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,2/24/2014,178,251,8,13,13>Yelp 100 Challenge * 100/100 Madhouse coffee is located less than a mile away from where I live and I can't believe I have kept myself away from this Hippie, San Francisco-esque coffee shop for so long!Late Thursday afternoon and pretty tired out from schoolwork, I came here for a More Cowbell sandwich treat - roast beef folded into a slice of herb infused focaccia bread and topped with cheddar, lettuce and tomatoes - and a Nutella white chocolate frappe. As if they weren't filling enough, I made an effort to take myself out of study mode to appreciate the cool artworks around the cafe and random funny deets on the cashier. That fed my artsy soul pretty well and I came out of there physically and spiritually refreshed. For $10 or more spent, you get a wifi code. There's a patio out for peeps in need of a smoke and did I say this cafe is open 24 hours? Coming here to study again soon and get things done!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,2/23/2014,664,612,9,19,17>Swirly Q!!! A cute name and a great location make this yogurt spot fantastic!  My supervisor found a flyer with a coupon that benefited a student organization and advertised the grand opening of Swirly Q across the street from UNLV in the same center as Cafe Rio and the Post Office.  I have longed for a frozen yogurt place nearby for quite some time, hoping it would happen in the Student Union.  When we found out Swirly Q was opening, it became something to look forward to at the end of this excruciatingly long week for our office.We just got back and all I can say is HAPPINESS!!!  There are quite a few flavor choices, tons of toppings, friendly service, and the place is sparkling clean!  I think we will be making this a Friday tradition.Also, we were chanting "Swirly Q" on the way through the parking lot, and one of their crew handed us 3 $1 off coupons to use for next time, seemingly amused by our excitement.  It is just such a good name, as my supervisor has one of those old fashioned names like "Mary Ann" or "Tina Marie."
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/22/2014,155,75,8,13,9>Today, I made my first lunch trip to the Bronze Cafe and holy cow - it was bitter sweet.  Sweet, because the Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is probably the tastiest healthy sandwich I have ever had and BITTER because in order to enjoy my lunch as much as I enjoyed it today, I will be forced to visit the Bronze Cafe every single day. Damnit.  ;)I was going to order the LGBTQ because I'M NO VEGAN. Also, because I LOVE BACON like Ron Swanson loves bacon. But, in an effort to halt pre-holiday weight gain, I thought I would see what the fuss is about this "Tree of Life Pita." And in this case, the FUSS was ON POINT.  I grabbed my pita to go and when I got back to my office and took my first bite, I was in fresh, veggie, avocado, tomato-onion, cashew "crema," sunflower seed, mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette HEAVEN. If you don't know what I'm talking about, the only thing I can do to better explain my feelings about this sandwich is by saying this: go to the Bronze Cafe, order the Tree of Life Pita, take your first bite and proceed to basque in the fiery explosions created by the fresh pita/vegan/veggie flavor delight. I really cannot recommend this sandwich enough. I mean, really. It was filling, but in a "healthy-full" way.  You know, the "healthy-full" feeling that is opposite of the feeling you get on Saturday morning after eating pounds of bacon, eggs, toast and pancakes. Also, the cafe is very cute and the service is fast and friendly with a smile. I was in and out with my sandwich boxed up "to-go" within 10 minutes and less than $10 was deducted from my wallet.  I literally cannot find one thing to complain about other than the fact that I no longer feel I can visit another lunch establishment in the area in good conscience after having such a great experience here. :)
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,2/21/2014,482,363,10,22,17>Before Christmas, my BFF Lily L. and I stopped in for a quick breakfast before errands. It's a small bakery with just enough space for two cases, table with coffee fixings, small beverage fridge, and a table with two chairs. Definitely more of a pick-up spot. Lily also took advantage of the free coffee with check-in. We decided to utilize the table and it was perfect for a brief snack.We decided to try three of the five macaron flavors available that morning (12/23/2013): Pineapple Pink Peppercorn, Eggnog, and Cranberry. I wish I could recall the other flavor that was paired with the cranberry!  The macarons were moist with the perfect texture and so scrumptious! They weren't overly sweet, however, it was difficult to distinguish the individual flavors. Lily, whom I consider to be a macaron connoisseur since it is one of her favorite things and has experience baking them, gave these macarons her high stamp of approval - better than Bouchon and Payard! For savory treats, we tried the Chive and Cheddar Scone, Jalapeno Cheddar Croissant, and Ham and Cheese Croissant. Everything was really, really great. It's the first time I've had a savory scone and it was so well done. Some scones can be dry and overly crumbly, but this one was moist and delicious. The croissants, oh my. Honestly, the BEST croissants I have ever had!! So buttery, crispy, moist, soft - everything you want in a croissant. We loved both croissants so much that we contemplated another one (seriously!).We were so pleased with everything. Prices were great and service was so friendly! I personally loved the croissants and scone. I really can't wait to dine on them again. They also offer loaves of delicious breads, which I would love to try as well. So, stop in for a quick pastry, you won't regret it!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,2/20/2014,173,140,6,17,12>Why did we discover this so late?! Well, technically, my friend and I wanted to come last month but something came up and ruined our schedule so we finally got to try it this month! I must say, I likey lots!First and foremost, this food fair isn't fancy so don't come here expecting a ton of things. They also don't have a huge variety of foods for you to choose from. It's a smaller function run by volunteers. Kind of reminds me of something like a family gathering. Come early! My friend and I arrived at around 9:30 am and all the tables were already taken. Not to mention, there were already a lot of people there so we parked pretty far from the entrance since the parking lot was full. There are several ways to go about beginning your trip. You can exchange your cash for tokens -- any amount. Don't worry. If you don't use up your tokens then you can exchange it back for cash. If you don't want to, I think that's fine as well because I noticed that a lot of them take cash regardless. Though the token idea makes it easier than getting cash out and stuff. My friend and I shared most of the dishes so we got to try a majority of them on our first visit.Stew pork noodles. $5 ...You got to choose either the rice vermicelli noodles or the flat wide rice noodles. We went with the vermicelli and we liked it. Granted, we didn't know exactly what kind of meat it came with. We figured out that the meatballs were pork balls but as for the rest of the meat, I thought it had chicken too. BUTTTT it's pork. We had fun guessing though. Chicken and rice. $5... Awesome dish. I really really enjoyed this and even bought a 2nd serving to eat as lunch for the next day. It reminded me of Hainan Chicken ... best part? You got to choose your meat. You get the option of white, dark, or a combo of both. The rice was lightly flavored with chicken broth and eating the chicken and rice together was great. There was also a ginger sauce you could use but tbh, I don't even need it :)BBQ Pork & Chicken Satay. $1 per skewer. The wait for this is amazingly long so when you get here early, be sure to put in your order ASAP. People order 20-30 at a time to take home. My friend and I waited half an hour for our order. They even had 3 grills going but were still backed up!! This also took me by surprise because when I think Satay, I think savory...when I took a bite of one of my skewers, it was SWEET. It was SUGARY SWEET. Holy moly  ... I'm not sure how I felt about it. I liked it but I kinda wanna just wipe the sugar off of it. Sweet roti. $1 ... This was really yummy. They give it to you right when it's hot. It was buttery sweet goodness. I really liked it and I'm glad I had this in the morning. My body will have time to take care of all that butter! Definitely try this. Steamed Tapioca Dumpling. $2 .. Interesting. It was a sweet and savory type of snack in the form of balls with pork filling. They give you lettuce, cilantro, and pepper with it. I'm not too much of a fan. I guess I don't particularly do well with a sweet/savory mix. I get confused. Sweet sticky rice with taro. $1 each. This was yummy. They also had a banana version but I didn't get one .. so maybe next time. Really enjoyed it though :D I had saved this for later so by the time I ate it, it was cold :( .. I think it'd be better when it was warm. We also tried one of their coconut jelly dessert things and their thai tea. Both were good. But everything was just really sweet to me so bring lots of water with you haha! My friend and I will DEFINITELY be back and we're going to try to bring other friends to try this as well! We had lots of fun here :)
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/19/2014,328,389,8,18,13>After seeing a sign on the door for what felt like three years, Cornish Pasty is finally open and ready for business.  And the best news?  They have tons of vegetarian options!Located in the same plaza as Thai staples Komol and Lotus of Siam, Cornish Pasty is a smaller space but cozy and inviting.  Think of it as a local pub with lots of good food.Speaking of food, we ate a ton of it.  I started off with the Cream of Leek, Potato, and Stilton soup (fyi: this is vegetarian/no chicken stock).  The cup is a good portion, and served with two large pieces of homemade bread and homemade butter.  It's a steal for $3.50.  Although I really enjoyed it, the Stilton cheese it might make the soup a little salty for some people.  As for the pasties, I wanted something more traditional and ordered the Cheese and Onion.  It tasted great and everything was cooked well, but I couldn't bring myself to use the ketchup or marina that came with it.  My husband had the Veggie Chicken Tikka Masala and his was really good as well.  There was a nice blend of spices and it came with a side of mint-yogurt dressing that we both enjoyed.  Cornish Pasty also offers a decent beer selection and a 14-oz will set you back $6. I loved the atmosphere here and all the employees were laid-back and friendly.  Cornish Pasty would even make a good spot just to grab a few drinks for an evening.  I can't speak for the authenticity of the food (which is questionable considering they offer a Mexican pasty), but I do know that I enjoyed what I ordered. The pasties are large and filling so make sure to bring your appetite!Note to Vegetarians: They use Quorn in about half of their veggie pasties.  While being a popular meat-alternative in the UK, this was the first time my husband and I have ever had it.  I found it to be pretty much the same as most other faux-meats.  I'm sure they could leave it out of the pasties if you asked them.Note to Vegans: According to their menu, they offer at least two vegan pasties daily.  Note to Omnivores: If my vegetarian pasties tasted awesome, you have nothing to worry about.  And may I suggest trying a vegetarian pasty?
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/18/2014,519,1603,9,22,21>In my previous life in education, I heard so much about changing our ideas--our culture--and I always thought it was so much happy horse shit! When I read Tony Hsieh's book "Delivering Happiness" and I saw the word culture so much, it gave me déja vu all over again.  (Thanks Yogi)  After my tour of Zappos today, I get it and how it works for this company.  You sign up online for the tour.  Parking is in the Zappos' garage off Las Vegas Boulevard before Stewart.  You go to the second floor, sign in with the person in the lobby, and wait for your tour.  You're given an ID badge and a name tag.  Several culture reps divide the group and take you to see Zappos at work.  My culture person was Renée and she was a gem!  She was always happy to be asked a question and she had the answers for us.We saw some of the call center, the culture section where employees were dealing with customers either online or on the phone.  We got to see the Z Café and the employee patio.I am sure that the employees are not always smiling and not always happy, but I did see a whole bunch of people who seemed to be happily doing their jobs in a relaxed, informal setting and the idea of culture that Mr. Hsieh has been so focused on works!The tour lasts just about an hour.  You are free to bring your camera and take photos.  The only thing they ask is that you don't take photos of computer screens (it might have customer information on it or other things that should remain private) and they ask that there be no video.This is a tour that would be interesting for anyone to take.  It's amazing to see what they did to the old Las Vegas City Hall.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/17/2014,443,380,9,17,13>Ssssh, don't rat me out but I'm writing this review from work because I'm just too excited!Decided to try something new at the apache taco show and am so glad I did. Got the fish taco and no joke it's the BEST fish taco I've ever had. Before my favorite was wahoos but the flavor, and size of apaches fish taco blew wahoos away. It's tender, not fishy, fried outside that crunchy, not soggy. For 2.99 it was huge and I wish I would have gotten a second. The chipotle sauce they put on it gives it a kick that really brings out the flavor. They don't skimp on the cabbage and put it on two corn tortillas that don't break. The second taco I got was still good, marinated chicken. I found out you can get it on a flour tortilla too but I stuck with corn. So much meat that you could almost order another corn tortilla ad stuff another. Great prices for portions, and I find myself having more food than I can eat. Rice and beans taste super fresh, and again I love I watch them make everything and grill it. What's new as well is that they changed their salsa bar and now I can't stop raving. They added a new chunky green mild one that packs a punch after you start chewing. And they spiced up their salsa, the brown chunky one. Now I have no complaints! This is the perfect taco place for me. (sorry tacos la Mexicana!)
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/16/2014,1494,2819,7,16,14>Items Selected:Strawberry Ring - Choux, Bavarian Cream, Whipped Cream, Glazed Strawberries, Chocolate ShellJerry's 50th Anniversary Almond Nugget Cake7-Layer Carrot CakeBread Pudding CakeMonte Cristo with Hash BrownsButtermilk BiscuitCoffeeLargely incapable of sleeping in on weekends and having thus taken it upon myself to explore the Vegas 24/7 dining scene after my morning run a somewhat atypical Sunday would mark my first visit to North Las Vegas, home of Jerry's Nugget - a casino having celebrated its 50th anniversary just three days prior - and Jerry's Famous Coffee Shop, the 24/7 retro-modern eatery within.  Decidedly different from the Luxe resort-casinos of the southern strip but featuring a gritty sort charm it was just after 5:00am when I arrived at Jerry's and with a skeleton crew catering to just six other patrons in the large space service was expectedly accommodating with coffee kept brimming throughout as a somewhat slow (likely understaffed) kitchen prepared hot dishes allowing me to focus first on pastry - a collection of over fifty options baked in-house featuring cakes, pies, danishes, donuts, and more.  Beginning with the famous "Strawberry Ring" it should first be stated that for a choux-based pastry baked at least 8 hours prior to remain crisp and buttery beneath two types of rich cream speaks volumes to the quality of kitchen and with both textures and flavors aplenty the dish proved wonderful, a lightly sweet take on the Paris-Brest with a portion big enough for two or three more than justifying the $6 tab.  Working slowly through the ring with frequent coffee refills as I awaited my sandwich it was with some disappointment that when the Monte Cristo arrived the flavors would only prove average, the fried bread shining while proteins and cheese proved meager in both taste and portion, but propping the dish up with a touch of real maple syrup it should be said that at $1 each, the biscuits at Jerry's are worth seeking out - an excellent rise and good layer separation beneath a crisp, buttered top.  Taking the rest of my order to go, a veritable bargain at $5/slice, suffice it to say that while Jerry's may not be the best choice in town for a sandwich I'd be hard pressed to name a better choice for cake as each of my three selections shined; the anniversary cake a sort of dulce de leche with buttercream and frangipane vying for top billing over a delicate crumb, the bread pudding featuring two layers of rich pound cake topped with lightly sweetened egg custard and a bruleed top, and the carrot cake dense with cinnamon, nutmeg, carrots, raisins, and walnuts beneath thin ribbons of cream cheese frosting - the best I've found in the city to date and a contender for the best I've tasted anywhere in years.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,2/15/2014,358,399,7,16,13>The gf and I finally hit Forte - it's relatively close to our house ( about 2 miles ) but just now made it to the top of the "new try" list.Went on a Tuesday night and the place had a decent crowd.  Quirky looking place and kinda strange lay-out of the tables but ok by us.  Servers were pleasant and attentive.  The gf was really focused on one of the servers hair style, " Should I get my hair like that?"  - must have asked me 4 times, hey !  I'm here to eat, not look at hair !We avoided liquor since it was a weekday.  They provided a mini-loave of bread with olive oil and they recommended you add a special Bulgarian seasoning mix to the oil - the gf loved it - I also liked it though I felt she added to much of the herb mixture to the oil.We ordered:Beef Stroganoff Ragu ( $8 ) - Holy cow, the ragu was perfect !  the pasta shells were like little cups to hold the ragu - also very good but we wish they gave us more !Chebureki ( $3.50 ) -two beef filled fried dumplings - basically a turnover.  perfectly fried, nice flaky crust, a little light on filling but what do you want for $3.50 ??Bulgarian Mixed grill ( $10 ) - pork grilled three ways - two are sausage, one a patty.  Different seasoning and texture on all three .  came with a side of white beans and a salad similar to cole slaw but better - overall, an excellent plate of food !Stuffed grape leaves( $5) - each one had a sausage in it.  I enjoyed but the gf prefers the middle eastern version that includes rice.I wanted to avoid the sweets but I was being hounded so we ordered the rice pudding( I believe $4 ) and the biscuit cake ( $5).  The biscuit cake was very good - reminded us of tiramisu but the liquor flavor is lighter.  I'm not a rice pudding fan but I liked the generous amount of cinnamon on top of the pudding that gave it a nice kick.a few pics attachedwe'll definitely return
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/14/2014,277,200,7,15,11>"Omg, woof, woof" is what my dog would say about this place if he could talk!I was in the area and saw the Dogsupplies name on the building, so of course, I was curious and decided to go in. I was greeted immediately right when I walked in, and I noticed how big the store was. I see dogs toys all around me in almost every aisle. There were all sorts of squeaky toys -  animal squeaky toys, small squeaky toys, BIG squeaky toys, balls that squeak, and even toys that not only squeak, but make other sounds! I thought the prices were reasonable, comparable to stores like Homegoods or Marshalls.I was a little disappointed in the dog clothing department as I only say two small rack, and there were some cute clothes but it was either too small or too big for my dog.They have a huge selection of collars, harnesses, and leashes. And I also saw that they had pet beds, crates, and carriers. They also carry dog food but I'm not sure of the brands.The one thing that really impressed me was their selection of Kong. My little dog loves Kong toys and even though he's got three Kongs at home, I decided to get him two more in different colors. If you like to spoil your dog with toys then I think this is the place for you and your pup!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,2/13/2014,235,106,11,12,15>Was a cold, winter's day on the Mount,Spending some time giving back,Twenties or thirties by count,But good company it never did lack.A chill had settled in our bonesAnd a hunger had grown in our gut,I-Naba was locked in our phonesTo free us from our ravenous glut.Fine noodles were the choice of the day,Some took the cold, some the hot,In a broth that could chase blues away,In a bowl, on a plate or a pot.A friend who was eager to help,Helped me pick out the best Naba plate.Her passion for all that is Yelp,Gave her insight to all that is great.The Soba to me was unknown,But delightful I found it to be,As my love of this fare is just grown,I can't wait for what next I will see.For wherever your hunger be found,Be it small, just a bit or a lotta,I would bother to say come aroundAnd sample the fare at I-Naba.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,2/12/2014,376,187,9,21,14>Great service. No, scratch that. Amazing service. And their bikes aren't bad, either!My last bike was probably in grade school. You know, I had the ones where you pedal backwards to brake. I have begun to learned the modern world of cycling this year and signed up for my first sprint triathlon. JT's gave me an amazing deal on an entry level road bike.  Each new bike purchase comes with two maintenance checks you use later on and 10% off all accessories for the first month.With each visit, I am very thankful for this locally owned bike shop and its amazing staff, JT, Jay, Eric, and Neil, for all the knowledge and help they've given. From servicing my bike to installing my new bike pedals, they have always been professional, fast, and efficient. Their prices are great, they have a great selection, well stocked with bike accessories, and store is well-kept.Anytime you need a reliable bike shop near Henderson, I highly recommend JT's. They definitely know what they're doing!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,2/11/2014,1362,984,10,29,19>A late night dessert restaurant is something every area of town needs, and the southwest area is no exception.  So Serenade is definitely a welcome addition to this part of town! We arrive after 8 pm and most of the tables are occupied by those enjoying hot drinks, on their laptops, or enjoying a sweet treat.  We grab the one large table by the counter and it takes awhile for us to decide.  Ultimately, we get the Honey Bread ($8.50) (aka Honey Toast) with extra honey and two drinks - the Pistachio Latte ($4.50) and the Peppermint Latte ($4.50).  The flavor is quite subtle for the Pistachio Latte and the Husband enjoyed it.  The Little Guy preferred my Peppermint Latte more though.  The honey bread is lovely as usual, but they do offer a Garlic version for 50 cents more.  Apparently it's garlic butter instead of plain butter used on it. The menu has your standard cafe drinks, hot and cold.  Waffles, cakes, pizzas, and pastries are among the items to munch on.They offer outside seating and blankets too!Stamp cards are available via the Epoxy app, so download for your Buy 9 Get 1 Free cards.  Since they are located in the Smiths's Shopping Center, and the same corner as Rice N Noodle and Patty's Closet, there is plenty of parking available.  Free WiFi - look for the pass code on the board behind the register.Overall, a nice alternative to meet up with friends at for coffee and cake.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,2/10/2014,156,125,11,24,15>The dumplings are their saving grace. One star for each dumpling I ate. Everything else was pretty bad.First off, they ran out of plates. What kind of place runs out of plates?! The waitress gave us little plastic dipping cups instead.... which doesn't help.. Secondly, I don't think they train the staff very well because when we asked for napkins, she gave us 3 pieces.. we had 4 people in our party.. I mean, give us a little more. No need to skimp on paper napkins... And third (which was the worst), they ran out of dumplings! We ordered pork & zucchini which came out right away however, she said they were still making the pork & cabbage. We thought it would be maybe a 15-20min wait... but we ended up sitting there for over an hour. If they were out, she could've told us at the very beginning so we could've chosen a different flavor or just skipped it totally. The four of us ended up cancelling the pork & cabbage ones since we had to leave. Very disappointing. Lucky for them, their dumplings reminded me of the ones my grandma use to make back at home. The skin is hand rolled and chewy just the way I like it. The dumpling is stuffed to the brim with porky goodness and the juices drip off the skin once you bite into it. Dip the dumpling into some vinegar and hot sauce and you have the perfect dumpling. We also ordered some of the apps such as the chicken wings (skip), popcorn chicken (good), and liang ban fen pi (noodles were too long, difficult to mix with the non-existent peanut sauce). Just stuff yourself with dumpling goodness. TIP: Wait a few more weeks for this place to work out some of their kinks before you go or you might not even be able to get the dumplings!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/9/2014,224,537,7,13,13>This is yet another example of why you shouldn't judge a book by its cover.  If you drive by this place because it shares a building with a gas station, you would miss out on  a very solid burger and fry joint.  We had lunch at Burger Brothers on a Thursday.  As many yelpers note, it's small.  As I recall, it probably had seating for 8-10.  They were playing the Bob Marley channel on Pandora, which is never a bad thing.  To eat, I had the combo #1, which is a burger, fries, and a drink.  The fries are impressive, thick cut, which I don't usually care for, and made fresh from actual potatoes.  And, you get a LOT.  My wife and I each got combos, and we probably had a  whole order of fries left between the two of us when we were finished eating.  My only complaint is they needed salt, which was fine because all I had to do was put salt of them, which is not that hard.  These fries were winners, and at $2.25 an order, you certainly are getting great value.The burger was solid, certainly not the best I've ever had, but far from the worst.  Good soft bun that was toasted combined with fresh veggies.  The cheese got nice and melty and the burger is large enough that you get meat in every bite.  Next time I'll probably branch out a bit and get bacon or some mushrooms.  The grilled onions were large, which I like, they weren't small diced up onions that were then grilled.  They actually had some bite to them.We got our son (3 years old) the chicken fingers.  Although he didn't finish them (he never finishes anything), he did like them.  I had a couple of bites and I liked them as well.  If they were ever frozen, they are some of the best frozen chicken fingers I've ever had.  They are made of breast meat and remain juicy despite the crispy exterior.  Also, the skin is thin, which I prefer.  There was only one employee working, so I could see how you could have to wait when there is a rush.  But, we had a nice leisurely lunch, listened to some good music and had a great lunch.  Can't beat this.  I hope the place does good business and is able to move into a larger location, if that's what the owner wants.  Vegas, and the world in general, needs more places like this.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/8/2014,390,337,11,13,14>If you go, try the meatballs.Dude.  Those meatballs are the bee's knees.  And even if bees didn't have knees, I would glue knees upon bees to illustrate the point of how good the meatballs are here.Not to mention the pizza.  They have both a walk-up by the slice area, as well as sit down.  Their personal pizzas are excellent.  Their calzones are the size of footballs or very small babies, and full of cheesy, meaty goodness.  I covered the Bacon Bloody Mary in the "Tips" section, but if you didn't read that, get that too.Downtown consistently pleases me with their food choices that have popped up over the last few years.  Pizza Rock is another fine example of "good eatin'", and I am all about this place.  And it's reasonably priced as well, especially happy hour.It's also right next to The Grand, so it's in that newly renovated 3rd Street area, and that's an excellent location to just hang out, eat, and people watch.  I'm looking forward to eating outside when it is not stupid cold.Definitely a recommended venue.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,2/7/2014,693,1125,10,19,16>I've had this bookmarked for a while and realized it was closed weekends. Now that our days off are weekdays and our friends who have the same day off as us live in the SW, it was time to finally check something off my list that has been sitting there, patiently, for years. We were gonna order off the menu until we were told the two specialty sandwiches. There was a yellow curry chicken sandwich and a moroccan sandwich that had north african spices, goat cheese, red bellpepper, etc. Both sandwiches were great sounding so we chose those. I liked the moroccan a bit more, but only because Im a sucker for those flavors combos. The bread was nice, good balance of crusty and softer bready center. Got the ice tea of the day - green tea citrus gingko which was refreshing. I like places the brew fresh, and brew something a bit more unique that plain black. The service was really friendly - it was the owner of the place at the counter. He was super enthusiastic and caring of his place. They brought out our food outside and came to check on everyone outside which I didn't expect. It is always a nice touch for counter service places to still have some sort of service. I think the price to quality ratio was very good. It seems they use better products with an emphasis on natural, healthy choices and nice to have places not charge a arm to get fresh choices.I can see why people like this as their casual lunch spot. I think there are other similar sandwich and coffee type cafes like these you can compare it to, and this I think this probably ranks top notch among them. I will be back to try more and try a specialty drink next time now that it's near places we frequent.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/6/2014,464,819,10,25,20>If you're a fan of modern Japanese -- the kind that Nobu made popular and places like Social House reimagined -- you'll love the food at Soho. The chef owner is the former executive chef at Social House and has brought his fusion-style of cooking to the 'burbs. That means Strip-quality food at off-Strip prices.The strip mall location is nothing special and the interior is quaint and understated. But, it's the food that shines at this restaurant. You can't go wrong with the yellowtail yuzu soy ($10), tuna or hamachi tostadas ($2 ea.), or the angus gyoza ($5). The miso marinated black cod ($18) is as good as any I've had on or around the Strip (including the one at Nobu).The variety of rolls may be limited, but the quality and execution is solid. This is not an all you can eat place, so expect to spend a little more for a higher end product.The subtle sweetness and silky creaminess of the vanilla creme brulee ($5) was a great way to end the meal. If chocolate is your thing, try the chocolate mousse ($7). It's the perfect balance of sweet and bitter chocolate with cocoa crumbles and cookie pieces to add variety in texture.The chef/owner stopped by to chat, which is always a nice touch to show that he cares about the diner's experience. With beautifully presented and well crafted food, Soho is a welcome addition to the local scene. For people on a budget, like myself, it's just another reason to dine in the 'burbs instead of the Strip.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,2/5/2014,903,497,21,34,23>Heard about the 16 oz Ribeye for 12.99 here so of course I had to investigate. It's a tough job but hay, somebody has to do it!As you come in, the bar is the first thing you run into. That's great if you want to eat and drink while inhaling second hand smoke. Just go around to your left and into the actual dining room where there is about 6 booths and 3 tables.If you are lucky, you just might get Holly as your server. She is one of the nicest people you will ever meet and she provides great service. The vibe I got from her was all positive. It seemed to me like she actually enjoyed her job. Needless to say, I knew I was going to give her a generous tip when it was all said and done.As promised, I ordered the 12.99 1 pound Ribeye which comes with your choice of Fries or Onion Rings (I got the Onion Rings and man, they were so good!). I also added a side salad which is only a dollar more with any meal. I ordered the Ribeye medium rare topped off with my request of sautéed onions and mushrooms. I assume they have been offering this Ribeye deal for a while now because my steak was cooked exactly how I wanted it. It was so juicy and  tender that my wife was kicking herself for not ordering it. Refer to my pic of the inner portion of my exquisite piece of meat. To me, that's how all steak should be cooked and look like when its cut apart.My wifey ordered the Pretzel appetizer (which is funny because it could be a meal in itself cuz its so huge!) Comes with 3 sauces. Hot mustard, Jalapeno Cream Cheese, and Nacho Cheese infused with Beer! Now that last sauce was kind of weird but definitely a change of pace if you have never had it.Now probably the only obvious thing that stood out as a negative for me was that even though we were in the supposed "Non Smoking" dining section, you can still smell the smoke coming in from the bar. At the time of our dining experience, I smelled only a little bit of smoke and when we got home, some of the smell was on our clothing. I can only imagine that on really busy nights, the smoke factor would be even worse and that your clothes will smell like an ashtray full of cigarette butts later on.So if you are ever craving steak, especially Ribeye, then Jacksons Bar and Grill is the place for you! Doesn't matter if it's 11 pm at night or 9 am breakfast time, you can get it at any time because these guys are 24/7!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,2/4/2014,620,206,11,19,18>Steve is fantastic! I generally consider myself a fairly self-sufficient homeowner. I can fix running toilets, drill holes and grease garage doors myself lol but my squeaky front door that had worsened and expanded during the rainy season was driving me nuts. The hinges were looking crazy and I knew I had to do something about it.Of course I searched Yelp and I found Steve's business with excellent reviews. I called his number, left a voicemail and promptly received a friendly call back a few hours later. He was courteous, professional, timely and charged me a very reasonable rate.I definitely recommend Steve and will absolutely call him when I need additional home repair done. Thanks Steve!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/3/2014,98,335,4,14,11>4.5 starsGimme Some Sugar is such a unique bakery on this side of town!  First thing I noticed is how luxurious and beautiful it is.  The sparkly and modern decor make me feel like I'm in a boutique hotel.  I'm taking a half star off simply because our chairs and table were very "wobbly".  The furniture, while beautiful, does not seem durable.  There are so many indulgent treats to choose from, e.g., mini NY style cheesecakes, huge macarons in a variety of flavors, cupcakes, cookies, cake pops, etc.  And almost everything can come with a little bit of a twist - a freshly baked cookie a la mode, a side of milk with your warm cookies, or add strawberries and balsamic to your cheesecake.  Delectable!  This bakery serves alcohol and is open until midnight on the weekends!  This is such a dangerous find for me considering I can practically walk to it from my house.  My late night dessert prayers have been answered!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,2/2/2014,427,339,10,11,8>Rj's in the hoooooouse. We are gonna check out his restaurant and do a little Monday night karaoke! Well. I'm gonna watch and cheer! WOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Rj just ordered a bunch of food for us to grub on... I did read some reviews before we hit this place up... Brussel Sprouts was one of the items mentioned as a MUST TRY.This is what we devoured: EDAMAME: garlic, red chile, lime, ponzu, sesame sea salt - I really liked these. They were jazzed up with the spice and ponzu and I love lime! GRILLED MAHI MAHI TACOS: red chile rub, spicy taco sauce, shaved cabbage, mango relish, avocado, limeVEGETABLE FRIED RICE: squash, carrots, ponzu sauce, organic egg - This was good. I think they used Sesame Oil... A little too much, the sesame really stuck out but nonetheless this was a tasty dish! GRILLED CHEESE & TOMATO SOUP: gruyere, fontina, jack, brioche, heirloom tomato, basil - My second favorite item we had!! The soup isn't thin, more like a bisque and SO delicious!!!! I could have drank it all night! The grilled cheese and really good too with the different cheeses and tomato kicked it off for me! SEARED BRUSSEL SPROUTS: brown butter, candied pecans, golden raisins, balsamic reduction - Have I ever even eaten brussel sprouts before?!! I dont think so! So eating them here, the way they are prepared was like BRUSSEL SPROUT HEAVEN!!!!! These were SOOOO on point OMG!!!!!!! I could have eaten bowls and bowls of them! GEE GOLLLLLY!!!! EVERYTHING about them was freakin' DELICIOUS!! They were perfectly cooked and soft and flavorful! NOM NOM FREAKIN' NOM!!!  FREE CHANGE CHICKEN: mediterranean chimichurri, caramelized cipollini onions, roasted potatoes - This was good too. Tasted kind of BBQ-y - I liked the potatoes too! LAND & SEA: curry crusted skirt steak, garlic shrimp, arugula, roasted potatoes - Not too bad, I wasn't a fan of the arugula salad on the side though. All the food was QUITE tasty... The service was MEH though. Considering Rj ordered all the food for us and it just came out, we didn't have MUCH interaction with the service staff HOWEVER there was A bartender working and he pretty much SUCKED and was QUITE unappreciative of the generous tips SOMEBODY was hooking him up with. Plus he was slow considering we were the ONLY group in there by the end of the night and even before it reached the end of the night there were a few other groups hanging out but nothing CRAZY. Mingo is a SMALL cozy place, nicely decorated and it has chargers all along the bar which is REALLY nice... but seriously. Mr. Bartender: YOU SUCKED.P.S. 2/2/14: Just heard that lovely bartender is no longer with Mingo so all is well in the world! ;))
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,2/1/2014,303,269,5,20,12>Some decent 'Que on my side of town!I'll admit, I had to check out this place after it was featured on "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives" on the Food Network.  But without this tidbit, I might have never knew the place existed!Funniest thing about John Mull's is that it is basically located in the middle of residential homes.  Yes!  When you GPS the address you might think you're being led to the wrong place.  But keep truckin' because the BBQ joint is on property of what looks to be a ranch house.  John Mull's eating area shares the common space with what is essentially a butcher block.  Get a whole cow, some eggs, and then a meal of BBQ afterwards?  I don't see why not.While the market has been around for some time, my review basically goes over the BBQ station.  It used to be just a shack when they first started, lately I hear they have a small food truck type deal to serve folks as well.  They need the help, John Mull's can get busy for lunch!  Typically it's take-out, but they do have a small seating area with about a dozen bench tables or so.  If it's full, eat it out of your truck tailgate like most folks do!I am not an expert on BBQ by any means, but good food I can do.  Sure, you have your naysayers that go on and on and on about how their BBQ sauce is from a bottle (I can confirm I think it is), but really I don't care.  The meat itself is not artificially processed.  Trimmed in-house, and smoked in-house!  Flavor of the BBQ is what is necessary!  John Mull's makes some mighty decent 'Que.  Easiest thing on the menu to try if you're a noob to this place is just to go with a combo meal.  A 2 Meat Combo will run you about $14, and a 3 Meat Combo will run about $16.  When it's the wifey and I we usually opt for the 3 Meat Combo and share.  Be careful, it's a lot of food!  The 3 Meat Combo will easily feed a third person.  Combos come with your choice of meats and sides.  Meats include:-Hot Link-Brisket-Ribs-Pulled Pork-Pulled Chicken-1/4 ChickenTheir strength lies in their ribs and brisket I think.  I like their pulled pork, but if I'm having their ribs (which I always do) I compliment it with the brisket.  The ribs are cooked just right, requisite pink ring around the outside, meat pulls off the bone (but not too easily), super moist and tender, finished on the grill with a slathering of BBQ sauce right before serving.  The brisket is flavorful, and just plain juicy, thanks to the lovely fat cap that surrounds each one before smoking.  OK, if you just say 'brisket' when you order your meat, you will most likely just get the lean end of the brisket.  Which is not dry, but not as near darn tasty as the fatty end.  So be specific on which part of brisket you want, lean or fat.  I will usually ask for a 1/2 portion of both.  For sides, Road Kill Grill has some options too:-Potato or Macaroni Salad-Coleslaw-Baked Beans-Mac & Cheese-Green BeansUnfortunately, no collard greens or black eyed peas!  But you can't have everything.  I will mention that the green beans are just mainly reheated from the can, so I mainly skip that.  The baked beans are very good, and their mac & cheese is actually pretty stellar.  I also enjoy their potato salad.Combos and meals come with slices of white bread if you request, but don't forget to ask!  It won't always come with it included.  Also, get some extra BBQ sauce!  I know the sauce may be bottled, but they let it simmer on the side most of the day, so the flavor does concentrate nicely.  The hot BBQ sauce has a nice kick so watch out.  Kaboom!  It's overall great eats, just don't forget extra napkins and extra wet wipes!  It will get messy.  Which one of you city people eat BBQ with a knife and fork?  That's what the white bread is for!Another item I usually order when we eat at Road Kill Grill is a sandwich.  They load these suckers nicely so you get a nice portion of meat and sauce to bread.  Basically a meal in itself!  I enjoy the hot links sandwich in particular.  This with extra hot BBQ sauce on top, and a side of coleslaw?  Classic.  BBQ can be a very picky topic, so you will see tons of varying reviews on John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill.  This is because depending on what side of the country you are from, you have a different taste of what BBQ should be.  Some like tomato based, some like vinegar based, some like mustard based, and so forth and so forth.  Some folks like more smoke, some folks like less smoke, Hell, some folks like their BBQ baked in an oven instead.  But no matter what, we all like good food.  And I think Road Kill Grill overall has good food.Give them a try for yourself.  You might like, but then again you might NOT like.  Many reviews for this place are in the 3 or 4-star range, I tracked over to the 4-star area because I like it here.  In a place like Las Vegas it's difficult to find good 'Que that's not from a place like Famous Dave's or Memphis Championship BBQ.  Nuff' said.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,1/31/2014,165,190,10,17,11>Whoot for things I didn't buy in Japan years ago, but are now down the street from me. I will have to physically stop myself from buying everything in here; and I mean, they have everything you could want to be a nerdy Japanese lover.For one, they have an entire section for Sailor Moon. Enough said on that.Two, they have all the little knick knacks you could want for bento boxes, and anything remotely cute that you wouldn't otherwise need (I have recently discovered I now must have mini pandas to put on my sandwiches). Three, they have a section of imported foods, mostly what you can normally get at any store now that has jumped on the pocky bandwagon- but the most important part about this is that they have Green Tea, Orange, and Hazelnut Kit Kats. Most people will be more interested in the Green Tea ones, but personally I found the orange ones to be very tasty. They also carry a section of Japanese imported hair products and such (ie: Electric white hair dye) and some regular Japanese imports like Geisha dolls and dishware. It is a very small shop, but most people will be able to find something here to scream about.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/30/2014,239,125,16,19,20>How do I describe my Fukumimi experience? SILENCE. And lots of it. When you're on a first date, this is probably not the first red flag that you need to run to the bathroom and call your BFF to call you back in 10 minutes with an emergency to bail you out. "Mayday! The night is going downhill stat! MAYDAY!" But if you were like me and brought a parent whose seen more than his share of bowls of ramen in his lifetime, then the silence is welcomed. It's a stamp of approval. A gold star. It means that the bowl of miso tonkotsu ramen my dad ordered and the bowl of salt tonkotsu ramen I got delivered on generous portions of noodles, aromatic broth, and some righteous slices of chashu pork. The service is here is quick and to the point, but not brusque or overbearing at all. They didn't ask us if we knew about their punch card, so I approached them after having perused a few reviews on Yelp, and now I'm two out of four bowls of ramen away from a free side of gyoza or chicken karaage. What a great day.Sidenote - I had to drop my dad, said Senor Silence, off at the airport after our meal and we made it with more extra time than we anticipated. So an even better day.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/29/2014,236,327,11,16,15>Always been fan of Settebello ever since I went too there first location in the District. So hearing about opening second location on the other end of town. Excited about not having to drive all the way too Henderson get me some Settebello. It just open this past week sometime so had my reservations opening week. They might still be working out kinks but honest everything went really smooth from service and the food still amazing! I had the pizza carbonara. One of my favorite pizza on the menu. Still taste amazing as always.The fried egg topping that think adds so much depth too any pizza. You get some of that good old fashion fried bacon and eggs he perfect compliment. Breakfast on pizza! NOm.NOM. I had dinner with brother family got too try few appetizers besides pizza. We had Arancini balls and was awesome! It first time every ordered them. I love outside perfect crispy golden brown, risotto was cooked perfect and creamy, and sits on tomato sauce that was nice refreshing light. You combine all the elements together really really good. Also had the MIsto and focaccia. The Misto presentation on long rectangle cutting board is art looking at it. Not sure which meat too eat first too the cheeses and decided hit the olive/artichoke next. The focaccia was great. It not your fluffy one that looks more like bread bread but much more thin and just has nice flavor. It perfect appetizer too compliment Misto. The service was definitely five star from the minute walked in everyone was friendly, waitress asked if we been here before (we like yup! so never had too go over the different style of pizza then most people think normal crusty crust) and if had any questions with the menu, and never had too worry about empty glass of soda. Well done.The only difference is TOTALLY different set up then the original one. Here the open kitchen is much more open kitchen one that as soon step foot in the restaurant can see. They have cool top end slicer that can see the cooks slicing all the meats for the menu. It lot lower ceiling, have little almost private dining area (not sure if could rent it out) more wine cellar that had few tables in it, the bar area interesting they had glass panel kind of separate the two areas but really connected, darker in general inside, and feels more upscale vibe then the first one. I am sure the sign out front not the permanent one since just open only banner. I feel like this one holds more people then the original one. Happy that have one on my side of town. Look forward too making more visit in the future.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/28/2014,128,129,13,24,15>My wife and I have been to Brio in Tivoli Village and Town Square for happy hour, lunch and dinner many times over the yrs, sometime with our friends, too, and always have good experiences. This evening my wife and I went for an early dinner. The pleasant hostess took us to a nice and quiet corner table. The dining room was not crowded, yet, so was pretty quiet, although the bar area was hopping, as the patio was a bit too cold, even for the tough young crowd. Our server, Kim, was very friendly and helpful, and got our beer orders (Blue Moon, $5.25) started immediately. Good thing she did that for us, too, because the barkeeps were kept super busy by those happy yuppies, who "never seem to have to work!"  Boy do I envy them!  ;-)  The wait staff quickly brought us our favorite bread basket with warm and delicious rolls, which we enjoyed over our beers. And I started feeling great!BTW: Brio's STILL  DON'T serve Blue Moon on DRAFT, yet, only in a bottle! SIGH! For dinner, my wife ordered the "Sliced steak salad" (15.95), and I had the "Mediteranian shrimps" (15.95). Both were delicious! The steak was tender and juicy and in good quanty; shrimps were cruchy fresh and very tasty! Their presentations were quite appetizing - I totally forgot to take any pics of our dishes, being distracted by our hunger and discusions on our travel plans for 2014! Trust me, our dinners looked good! Our sweet server Kim (no, she is NOT Korean) was attentive and pleasant; her crew was efficient, keeping our water glasses full, and putting our finished dishes discreetly away. Kim also did us a great favor, taking the time to straighten out the mistakes with my Brio's reward account and honored my $15 reward credits - very nice of her!During our dinner, the hostess (perhaps also mgr) came by to say hello, and later helped the waitress out with our check. [i.e., taking it to/from the cashier, but NO, she did NOT really help out with the $Check, You Silly!]  ;-)   - A nice business practice! The Brio brand is characterized by its reliable, good italian style cuisine of VALUE; spaciousness, comfy ambience; vibrant bar scene; excellent service. Hmm...table cloths also add a touch of elegance. Of course there are other comparable restaurants, but I think Brio stands out in ITS CLASS. - My friends say, it's like dining in a "Mid-Upscale" restaurant at Olive Garden prices. For me, the Brio's in general and this locale in particular is one of the places I would go on a whim for happy hour (their $4 tasty small plates, Wed Martinis...are hard to resist at times) and/or for a tasty meal - NO SURPRISES!Jan 2014
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/27/2014,471,470,13,13,13>I was once asked "LJ do you karaoke?" Do I karaoke!? LOL Please. Of course I do. Just don't pass that mic my way at least until after I get that liquid courage into my body.I'm a big fan of everything about Karaoke Q Studio. Spacious rooms with nice large tables for plenty of drinks, foods, and the occasional table dancing.  Reasonably priced rooms.  Their seats are large and comfy that I almost fell asleep after all the booze. They had an awesome deal on their Sojo and other alcohol last time there, check the board in the lobby area, it was CHEAP. The food they served was surprisingly excellent, a lot better than what I would have expected from a karaoke place.Yell at the top of your lungs who cares if your good or bad at singing the rooms hold most of the sound inside. Get all wild and crazy. Ring the bell when you need more drinks and foods. They're fast at getting what you need. You need more drinks? Ring. You hungry? Ring. Need more people? Just invite other people over to your room. The remote for selecting your songs are complicated to use, at least it was for me. So many different buttons that did something. Ask for help or just press a bunch of buttons until it plays a song.  Who cares if it's not your song? Sing it.It's located in a busy plaza so parking can be terrible. I almost gave up on parking after zigzagging through the parking lot.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/26/2014,229,118,8,18,15>Yep, I am officially in love with Haute Chix and it has soared up on my list for top clothing stores. A few tips: Make sure you follow them on instagram @hautechixvegas to get the first scoop on brand new items and the daily deal.. whether it is 20% off of certain items or certain colors! Very fun idea and I am happy to know that they still care about doing these things to show appreciation for their customers. Word on the street is: alterations here are fairly priced and they come out looking fantastic. Also, check in on Yelp before you checkout ;)I rushed over here because I fell in love with two dresses posted on their instagram and my trip ended with me snagging up both of them along with some cute accessories. I love that they took the time to wrap my necklaces in tissue paper so it would not end up a tangled mess in my bag. Whenever I am done checking out, I feel like I just gave myself a nice gift. Cute, brown kraft paper bag with my newly purchased goodies inside topped off with tissue paper. It can easily can end up being a gift bag if it is a present for someone.They have a lot of unique jewelry pieces/clothes that you will not find easily distributed like per se Forever 21. I love shopping here and knowing that you will only be finding my top or outfit on very few other individuals. And again, I must stress that if you love that item, BUY IT! It will most likely be gone before you can even think about it lol.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,1/25/2014,298,217,11,23,16>It's been a while since I have been  this excited about reviewing a new place. I'd been to a painting class here in Vegas before and really enjoyed it, so I feared this place may let me down. On the contrary it blew my last experience out of the water!This cute studio is located inside The Orleans Hotel & Casino. It's a good size place, about 3 times the size of the competitor I'd visited. They have a kitchen and a full bar with lounge seating. The decor is cute, with the entire place going with the Bee or 'Buzz'n' theme. Huge Sunflowers on the ceiling, etc. They even sell boutique type clothing for women up front, dresses skirts and such.They have only been open 2 weeks so they were offering some fun deals. I took advantage of the 2 drinks for $15 deal which came with a free fruit and cheese platter. Bargain!What made this place so great was the staff. I was one of the first to arrive and the girl at the door was so excited I was there. It wasn't like a desperate enthusiasm, it was more like, "Let's get this party started!" And a party it was! Theresa the owner was one of the creators of Canvas and Cocktails in Denver they have 24 partner studios and this is the first and only studio inside the a Casino in the USA! Ebony was so sweet and let me choose my seat, gave me an apron and brushes and told me to get my paint when I ready. Then I sipped on some wine while we waited to everyone to arrive. We started a little late, but that was more due to late arrivals than anything. Jef was our artist for the evening and he was a ball of energy. They played fun 'sing along' sort of music like, "Tonight's Gonna Be a Good Night", "Sweet Caroline", Micheal Jackson, etc. We took a few breaks to let the paint dry and during the breaks they had us line dancing, Jef was break dancing up on the stage and of course we were all up at the bar getting our drink on.Strangely enough they have a photo booth on site along with silly costumes. It's big enough for 4 or so people, you can take a pic for free and upload it to Facebook, or for $1 you can print it out. It was a fun surprise addition to the evening - my friend and I took pics with our paintings!They allow people of all ages with an adult present - there were 2 kids in our class. The instructions were easy and they were slow enough for us to keep up. Some might think it was too slow because the event took 3 hours, but with all the singing, drinking and dancing I didn't mind, I was appreciating it! I'm not really much of an artist, but I came away with a painting of a 'Funky Tree' that I am actually proud of - I may actually hang on my wall and not in a closet!I am already planning a UYE here so that we can have a paint party with other Yelpers, so watch for it! Until then, if you're looking to paint this is the place!!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,1/24/2014,4974,721,13,30,22>The top two things to like here are the quality and price.  There is definitely some bang for your buck to be had.  Well known spots like McCormick and Schmick's would feature these entrees at much more than these guys charge.  They also offer a discount for LVAC members.  We started with the "New England Clam Chowder" which was served in a bread bowl with plenty of oyster crackers for some elegant carb on carb action.  The soup was delicious and the clams were plentiful.  This was a steal for $4.50.I got the "Seared Ahi Tuna" plate which came with a side and cole slaw.  You can see from all the pictures that you get A LOT of tuna for $15.  The tuna was seasoned in Cajun spice and it was terrific.   I paid $1 extra to get another side and opted for the quinoa and kale salad.  The kale salad was great and the mix of strawberries, almonds, carrots, jicama, cranberries and more made me feel like a walking antioxidant afterwards.  I will most likely just order the tuna and kale salad combo next time which is a couple of bucks less but you get the same size tuna and more salad.  My wife got the salmon with garlic butter sauce.  That sauce was so good that we asked for an extra side of it.  It had the consistency of tartar sauce and was a welcome change.  The salmon was grilled well although the pieces were not as big as the tuna.  It's definitely a casual atmosphere since you're ordering from the cash register. I imagine they get a lot of take out orders for lunch.  This is another solid choice for lunch if you're leaning towards the healthy side of things....or not since the fried catfish in their pics looks amazing too.  The only thing I felt was missing from dinner was some wine.  Not sure if they plan on serving it in the future.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,1/23/2014,682,135,13,30,25>With the wide array of Asian fare available in Las Vegas beyond the strip, Japanese cuisine continues to lead the pack in terms of variety and innovation.  With heavy emphasis on presentation in Japanese dishes(often to create the illusion of more with less), they inevitably begin to resemble works of art.  If Japanese small plates in Las Vegas were to be represented by famous artists I would label them as the following:Raku= Picasso- the old master, consistently brilliant and timeless with indisputable genius and imaginationKyara= Cezanne- transition between the traditionalists and the modernists pulling in influences from various sources Ichiza= Warhol- iconic and often overhyped/controversial in public opinionWith Yonaka, Rene Magritte comes to mind:-Magritte is from Belgium (the signature appetizer is the crispy "Brussels" sprouts with puffed rice, coincidence?)-Often overlooked and underrated (much like Yonaka's location off the strip in an unassuming retail center on Flamingo and Decatur) -Challenges convention while giving new meaning to the familiar (compressed watermelon with house made fish sauce and thai basil? But of course!)-Much like his most famous work "The Son of Man" (uploads2.wikipaintings.o there is  frequent juxtaposition of fruit in unexpected settings at Yonaka, like the dynamite combination of orange supremes with salmon and tobiko or the tender cuts of wagyu served with peach salsa and slices of georgia peach, which all work in surrealistic harmony.-Pierce's Brosnan's title character in "The Thomas Crown Affair" takes inspiration from Magritte's "Son of Man" to pull off a seemingly impossible art heist at the climactic conclusion, and the happy hour menu offered at 5-630PM and 11-2AM offer food and libations at such low prices/great value, your bill will seem like the steal of the century.Perfect for a first date, gathering of friends, or an intro to the local scene for an out-of-town visitor, Yonaka is modern Asian cuisine executed to perfection, and the food does in fact tastes as good if not better than it looks.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/22/2014,145,143,16,21,18>What's good enough for Nic Cage is good enough for me.Have been here twice now, both for lunch.   First time I got take out and did the Parma cold sandwich without cheese.   The guy helping me seemed a little preoccupied during the ordering process, and particularly when I was trying to get my iced tea I'd ordered.   A few minutes later I finally realized why he seemed to be brushing me aside (that's a strong way to put it, he was still friendly).   Nic Cage and his wife and son (presumably) were dining at one of the tables nearby.   Now there was a large part of me that wanted to be the annoying fan and run over and ask for him to do a scene of Bad Lieutenant from Port of Call (youtube this immediately if you're unaware).   Since his wife and kid were with him, I figured that might not be the best idea, so I settled for a scene from the Wicker Man instead.   Okay so I really just sat and did nothing and waited for my food.   When I ate it later at my office, I was greatly impressed.  A plethora of olives, pepperocinis and various italian meats.  I marked it as reason #41 why I will never go to a Subway by choice again and awaited my next opportunity to strike.Well that came yesterday, when I brought a co-worker with me for a sit down lunch.   I was dead set to try a pasta so I could have a more well rounded Yelp Review (I do it all for you guys).   Unfortunately while looking through the menu I couldn't shake the pics of the italian beef sandwich I'd seen in the pics section on this site.  I asked our extremely friendly and efficient waitress which I should get, the italian beef or the rigatoni and she said she hadn't had the rigatoni but the italian beef is amazing.   I mean she didn't even upsell me the extra $1.75 for the pasta.   Sorry Yelp, but the well rounded review will have to wait.  To go all 17 year old snapchatter on you:   OMG at this sandwich!!! :) :) :)     Just unbelievably stuffed full of juicy beef, pepperocini and with a healthy serving of lusciously melted cheese.   Then with a big bowl of au jus to dip it in.   I'm used to au jus from lesser quality restaurants being very thin and not extremely flavorful.   Not here.   Thick with beef flavor, because what you really need when shoving your mouth full of 2 pounds of beef on a sandwich is more beef flavor.    And you know what?  That's not all.  I'm pretty sure the bread was garlic bread.   In fact, I'm sure of it because the rest of the day my mouth couldn't shake that garlic flavor and flowers wilted when I breathed on them.    A+Refills on the iced tea came at a fast pace, and I even inconvenienced our poor waitress by asking for one to go, as well as by signing the wrong receipt on a 50/50 split check because I'm a massive idiot.  She took it all in stride.I promise, next time I'll try the pasta (and get a creepshot of Nic Cage)
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,1/21/2014,154,668,13,22,17>I needed flowers for the GF's birthday and consorted with the yelp app on my phone to find a flower shop in the area to visit after work.  Thimbleberry popped up and seeing the consistent 5 star rating...done.My confession is as follows.....My name is Paul W., and I am a bad BF.  Though I have visited florists (very few) in my past, My most recent purchases have been at grocery stores.  I know about as much about flowers as I know about nuclear physics....done.I rolled into Thimbleberry after work.  When I walked in, I was promptly greeted but a tad confused as there was really nothing visible to look at aside from a some vases and flowers in a bucket, granted it was 6:30'ish in the PM.I was asked questions such "What kind of flowers would you like?" and "How much would you like to spend?"  I had an idea on the money but no idea on the flowers.  I said. "Let's start with how much for delivery?" after asking what were my options a few times. Once that was settled, I through out a price.  I was told they could put something together that would be "Magnificent."  They told me they would text me a picture, I paid and was out...The next day I waited in nervous anticipation after expelling the the previous nights experience to the fellas and few ladies in the work space.  In the afternoon the text came.  Given the picture it was hard to tell what was going on.  There was many a thought and opinion bouncing around between me and everyone I showed it to.  I was unsure of the delivery and was texted almost immediately about the time it was dropped off at the GF's office.  Satisfied, I waited for the GF to let me know she had received the flowers.When the text arrived I was happy with the happiness the GF was experiencing.  She said that her co-workers loved them.  This included a former florist which critiqued the work and liked it very much.When the GF brought the flowers home, my breath was..dare, I say....taken away.  The arrangement was indeed...."Magnificent."  See pic for further....
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,1/20/2014,615,292,18,21,20>It had been a lonnngggg time between first discovering Pan Asian a few years ago on a date, and my last visit. Clearly too long. Used to order lunch WITH my Physical Therapy office. These were Pre-Yelp days for me. Apparently, barring spice level (a hard 8 is how I roll) my favorite dish: Massaman Curry with Soft Tofu is Misti's favorite dish and owner David was sure I was some under cover Yelper (when I'd never heard of Yelp!) It made for funny exchanges for a long time. David is quite a congenial character and cares about his business. Definitive of  a Mom and Pop spot in every way; with a  small open kitchen where David's wife Lisa cooks up a storm. The fantastic aromas that fill the air are intoxicating. The owners are very friendly, passionate and if you've been to Thailand, Lisa loves to discuss regional food and travel. Luckily that led them to trust pale moi when I order a True Thai 8 level spice; many places take a gander at me and knock the spice level down. Not here! The food is made with the same love that goes into running such a business, most of the time, David is your server. Small, no ambiance really. But Oh. That. Food. Three people can share a small feast for $10 or under if you eat family style. Since my bros would not TOUCH spice level 8 = I had enough take away for two more meals. Now that's delicious, nutritious and value packed eating! The Green Papaya Salad, Crying Tiger Salad, Drunken Noodles, Basil Rice are all standout dishes as well. Lisa will prepare any dish according to dietary restrictions/preferences. It is on Durango in a non descript Strip Mall, near the now closed (again) Carmine's. Very easy to pass. Between Sahara and Desert Inn, the sign says "David Wong's Pan Asian" and faces the car park NOT Durango. I got lost going: but always get lost and was working on a three day insomnia hell. Just look out for it, and by all means: GO! You will not be sorry. Great to see such a true family business thrive: very Yelpy. Yelp 100 Challenge
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,1/18/2014,155,528,7,14,11>Only days after opening and Desnudo is already serving up better Mexican eats than others that have been around forever. I love me some carnitas ($6). Ever since an old favorite remodeled, cut back on quality and raised their prices, I've been left to make it at home. The tacos here are great. I prefer them with guacamole to avocado so I ordered the guacamole and chips ($5) to start. This is some damn good guacamole. Tastes like it was made tableside, just without the fuss. It was great to top the carnitas, it makes them really special. The pork has great flavor and the pulled pieces are tender and the fat is crisp. My only nitpick is some pieces were a bit larger so they fell out between bites. My brother joined me for lunch and he tried the California burrito ($6.50). It's a monster. He was unable to finish it, but really enjoyed it. Fortunately, Desnudo is near work, I see it becoming a favorite lunch spot.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,1/17/2014,299,177,11,16,15>My brother got me to try Buldogis for the 1st time yesterday. (Yeah, I know. I'm late to the party.) Congratulations to Buldogis!!! A spot I consider to be the only accepted form of Korean fusion. True fusion isn't simply stock-piling ethnic ingredients in non-ethnic foods. It's about merging 2 cuisines together to create something special. *sunshine and rainbows over*I wanted to try a little of everything so we ordered a Korean Hangover Soup + Kangnam (Gangnam) Dog + Angry Kimchi Fries. The soup had a homemade quality to it. I'm not sure exactly what kind of soup it is but I want to say it's like a not-so-spicy Yukgaejang w/ chicken instead of beef. It's a savory and not-too-salty broth with an herbal tone filled with tasty vegetables, chunks of chicken and dangmyeon (sweet potato noodles). I could probably live without hot dogs. Although they use 100% premium beef franks, I still get a sick feeling after eating one. It's either guilt or nitrates eating away at my soul. The Kangnam was tasty but I think their Bulgogi Dog would've been a better choice. I am totally obsessed with their Angry Fries. They look absolutely terrifying when they approach the table. Sweet potato fries topped with spicy pork, fried kimchi, an egg and other goodies. It sounds like an artery blocker because it is. But surprisingly, Korean food and sweet potato marry perfectly in this paper plate.In summary, I am no longer the anti-Christ of Korean fusion. It can be done and Buldogis does it well. Can't wait to be back to try their Carne Asada (bulgogi) Fries!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,1/16/2014,179,152,8,13,11>This place is really good! Best Greek food I've had in town in awhile. The people at the counter were really nice, helpful and patient. We liked how their menu had pictures as well as descriptions. They did bring food to our table which was nice.I got the spinach pie plate. Came with spanikopita, two dolmas, hummus and tomotato with cucumber and onion salad. It was soooo much food but it was all really good. The seasoning on the dolmas was the best I've had in town as spiced it up, the spanikopita was nice as actual pie not those silly triangles people claim are spinach pie. The hummus was seasoned well and the salad was a nice touch. It's nice how they have wheat or white pita options as well. My friends got the gyro combo and the falafel combo and they both loved their food. They got fries and loved how they were seasoned. The falafel she hadn't had since Europe and was quite impressed. The kids all got dessert. Rice pudding they liked but the hit was the warm NUTELLA and pita! They couldn't get enough of it! Nutella in a Greek joint... Definitely a hit for kids! We all enjoyed and are definitely going back! The only reason not five stars is there were 7 of us and we had to sit separately as no table for more than four and some other tables were taken so it wouldn't have been possible to move tables together. It also therefore was crowded at the table for four once the food came.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,1/15/2014,641,253,6,13,8>Definitely a solid 4 stars for Daisho Sushi!!! We usually don't venture out to this side of town but after seeing so many delicious pictures posted by @aznttboy on my Instagram feed, we had to come check it out! Came on a Saturday morning so we pretty much had the whole place to ourselves..Nice clean & open space. They are located in the same plaza as Walmart-neighborhood. My boyfriend went with the lunch AYCE while I paid a couple bucks extra and went with the dinner price.. I wanted to sample all the special 1per person/dinner only items..-Oysters / were good!-Yellowtail Poki / came on a bed of seaweed salad and was very good! You can also get tuna or salmon poki..-Miso Cod / buttery and sweet! watch out for the bones though!-Yakitori Skewers / we got bacon wrapped asparagus, enoki mushrooms, quail eggs & the tuna... These things are huge.. 2 sticks come in 1 order so don't order too much! Bacon anything is delicious although I would have liked the bacon to be a little bit more crisp.-Nigiri / Everything was decently fresh and we didn't run into anything horrible but the standouts for me were the scallops and fatty albacore! mmmmmM-Wild Fire Roll / (no rice) spicy tuna, tuna, albacore & soy paper.. Loved the presentation! -Miso Soup / seemed a bit watered down & they don't offer the option to add the shrimp head to it.-Dessert / we had the standard green tea ice cream & yuzu sorbet.. hopefully they add some more creative desserts to the menu!Service was fast from our server although sometimes it seemed there was a language barrier but he was very efficient. The sushi chef who helped us was nice and kept the conversation going and the food a-flowing.. Forgot his name but he likes to play golf and he is from S. Carolina LOLHOT TIP: Ask for a stamp card!!!! Watching what you eat? No problem, they have like 6 non rice rolls + several fish only appetizer items.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,1/14/2014,350,281,10,26,16>It was a little quiet at work so I decided it was a good day to have an offsite lunch. I yelped new spots in Chinatown.Yes, this is the old Anime place, and the maid place which I did not get to try. It is next door to Kaya Sushi. We ordered the Roti to start and it was one of the best in Las Vegas, next to Island Malaysian and Veggie House. It was freshly sauteed and fluffy. The sauce was slightly spicy but nothing too fancy (because the Roti was the star). I read the restaurant was opened by Thai people so I was hesitant about ordering anything not Thai or Southeast Asian, but my Ramen craving was still going strong, so I had to try their Tonkatsu Ramen. The ramen was the thin noodle kind, with a really tasty, savory and sticky broth. The pork was tender, sliced really thin, and was surprisingly good. The major difference was that there were fried shallots added, and that totally changed the flavor profile, in a good way.   I was also able to try a slice of the roasted pork from another noodle soup dish, and again, it was surprisingly good, sliced thin and flavorful. Side note, their entire menu is pictorial, so that made it really easy to pick what to order! I would absolutely come back... to try the other menu items, as well as the Roti again!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,1/13/2014,274,498,10,27,16>Recently, I learned that there's a shortage of male strip clubs and revues in Las Vegas. That's definitely news to someone (me) who doesn't think the concept is appealing. With that being said, I was actually the one who found this place -- via Yelp, heh -- and suggested to my female cousins -- who are male strip club aficionados --  that they add Hunk Mansion to their itinerary. In short, I ended up going for the hell of it to see why they get so worked up over guys gyrating in sparkly thongs.Entry fee to the club is $25. This price includes two free drink tickets and shuttle service from your hotel, via Hustler bus. That's a pretty sweet deal considering how entry fees alone to some of the clubs on The Strip are around the same price.Hunk Mansion is located inside Larry Flynt's Hustler Club that's just a short drive from the south end of The Strip. It's a small, intimate room that's next door to where the women perform. It's equipped with a bar, large stage, and plenty of seating and tables. The free drinks we ordered were weak and diluted, and the paid drinks were the opposite. But hey, can't complain much about free drinks.We had to wait for a couple of groups to arrive before the performances started. Amateurs kick-off the night, and it's up to the ladies to decide if they're Hunk Mansion material. Once that's done, the resident performers get on stage. The whole time I was expecting bump and grind movements, but I gotta give some of these performers props for climbing up 10 foot poles and doing some Cirque du Soleil-like tricks. If I can't do that, then they deserve some of my singles to pay for their college tuition. From what I've been told, the men at Hunk Mansion are more attractive than the performers at other male strip clubs and revues in Vegas. There were a few dancers who were on the douchey side and all talk and no game. However, in general, the guys at the club were polite and didn't pressure us into paying for dances. Few even came around to ask if we were enjoying the show. Staff members even came by to check on everyone and make sure that they were having a great time. I can't recall all of their names, but my cousins went crazy for Xavier, Trey, Pitbull, Silk, and Superman. Give those guys money.I think Hunk Mansion is an ideal place for a bachelorette party or just to visit with friends who enjoy this particular type of entertainment. I'm still not a fan, but the experience was better than I thought it was going to be. It gets my seal of approval. Have fun, ladies! And don't forget to do a Yelp check-in to receive a light-up tiara. And this marks my 400th review!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,1/12/2014,646,703,5,15,9>After watching the movie, "Titanic" - 1997, I figured the, "Artifact Exhibition" would take me deeper into the history of the Titanic then just watching the sappy love story on the silver screen. I was able to get a good deal through Tix4Less and purchased just a basic Titanic ticket, I didn't care for the audio remote. The Titanic Exhibition is located on the second floor above the casino in the atrium level. I just picked up my tickets in, "Will Call" and off to my journey through the history of the ship they called, "Unsinkable" - Titanic. Before you enter, you are given a boarding pass of a real Titanic guest who has perished in the sinking and from then on, you from walk through separate sections of the tour starting with the construction of the Titanic to the kinds of materials used and man power to build this historic ship. I'm not going to give a detailed interview to spoil your experience. So, basically you'll view actual artifacts from the Titanic with some commentary under each item, a replica of the grand staircase, a huge block of ice, and the actual haul of the Titanic!In the end, it made me teary eyed about the lives lost at sea and the stories of dreams about the living a better life in the States. There's a gift shop where you can buy something as a momento and something cool they sell is, "actual coal," from the Titanic. If your looking for something inexpensive and non-Cirque, then the Titanic Exhibition is for you.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,1/11/2014,286,188,9,15,11>I'm as familiar with Ethiopian food as humans' understanding of the mechanics of a singularity. With that prologue, I agreed to try out this place with my friend Adam out of sheer curiosity. This is a casual place with inadequate ventilation so you may smell a little when you leave. Adam suggested that we start with something small and if we like it, we'll order more. What a great idea that was! The vegetable combination platter that we ordered, although seemed small, was so filling that we were stuffed after going through a quarter of it. You get four-five items sitting on top of a bread called injera. There were collard greens, stewed lentils and three different types of stewed peas: a mild version (yellow), a medium spicy version (orange) and a super tangy and spicy version (red). The mild peas and collard greens were sooooooo good! I loved them. I'm not into lentils so I skipped that while the red peas were the strangest thing I've ever tried.  It had such a strong kick to its taste, and did I mention how spicy this particular item was?!! Injera, the bread, came in a basket; a bundle of fluffy spongy goodness for you to tear up and dip into the stewed vegetables. I've never had anything quite like it. It was subtle and strange and yet very much agreeable with my palate! I wouldn't mind coming back here again. What an experience that was!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,1/10/2014,319,231,13,20,17>Peruvian food in Las Vegas?? Whaaaaa... so good! Fresca in the Bay Area is really hard to top, but this place is a great replacement for SF transplants. The set up is a bit funky - this place used to be some sort of 50's style diner and they have kept the decor, but it looks like they are trying to fix up the back area to be more in line with the style they are going for. They use an iPad as their menu, which is a great way to see pics of their food and get a feel for the portion size. Our waitress was extremely helpful and patient, I highly suggest getting the calamari appetizer and their in-house mayo. I had asked her which of the specialty drinks she preferred (I can't think of the names now, but one was passion fruit flavored and the other one was more cinnamon) and she actually offered samples of the drinks. And there weren't tiny cups, she filled up 1/3 of a regular cup and let us taste it. Both had really distinct and strong flavors that paired well with our meal, so definitely order a specialty drink when you're here. I ended up with the lomo saltado as an entree - I wish the meat was a little bit more tender, but still, good flavors and portions. They also do have an aji de gallina which our waitress said they only have as a breakfast special, so I'll try to come back for that. I'll definitely be back to explore the menu a bit more and order those wonderful drinks.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/9/2014,434,209,7,17,12>The tonkatsu here is so fresh and crispy!  It reminds me of the famous tonkatsu restaurant in Waikiki, Tonkatsu Ginza Bairin.  This restaurant just opened up 3 weeks ago and I have already been here 3 times... I think I like this place.The owner Mark and his family run the restaurant.  He is from Japan originally but lived in HI before moving here to Vegas.  He is super nice and remembers me every time I come in.  I have had a chance to try a lot of their menu over the past 3 visits.Appetizers:  The 2 most popular ones are the chicken karaage and the beef tataki.  The chicken is really good served with the lemon.  Beef comes with a ponzu sauce and tons of onions!  Yum.Entrees:  The Hire katsu is a classic pork katsu that is juicy and not dried out like a lot of the pork katsu's I've had before.  Simple and delicious.  The Katsu curry is nice because it is the same pork as the Hire katsu but served with Japanese curry and veggies on the side.  It gives you the option to use the curry sauce or the tonkatsu sauce to dip your meat in.  The Katsu-don is a bowl of pork katsu and rice served with an egg cooked on top of it with onions and a soupy sauce.  I preferred the other two dishes more because the cripsy crust is slightly soggier with the egg and onions on top.  The salmon and shrimp katsu is a nice option if you want to mix things up.  I have never had salmon katsu before!  Dessert:  I have only tried the melon floats but they are delicious!  Green melon soda with ice cream!The funnest part about this place is that you get to make your own tonkatsu sauce... sorta.  You use the little mortar and pestle to grind your sesame seeds and then you mix the seeds with the tonkatsu sauce.  Their sauce is soooo good!   I think it is the best tonkatsu sauce I have had.See you guys next week :)
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,1/8/2014,106,129,11,17,15>The venue for this place is both spacious and modern, as well as clean. Good things for a place that only opened a few months ago. The drinks are very tasty, though when you buy flavored soju, you should be aware it is going to be low in alcohol content. Beer is fairly priced, as is most of the food. Very typical for a Korean bar.For me, the food was good, but not quite top notch. I had some Omu Rice, kimchi pancake, a taste of the pork cutlet, as well as some spicy chicken thrown onto my plate... All of it was authentic, but the execution could be sharper for a couple of things. I'd say Soyo has better food, but the environment here is more of a bar than there.One cool thing is they're open until 5am every day - when we got there around 745 (end of happy hour), it was pretty empty, so this is definitely a late night place. It was a lot more crowded around 10-11 when we bounced to the next destination. And they serve food the whole time as well.I got to talk to the owners a bit, and they seem to be very nice and enjoy running their business.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,1/7/2014,536,126,10,16,7>How could I pass up a sign that says "All you can drink sake." and "Grand Opening"?  I had been craving sushi for a while and was seriously considering going so their advertisement worked.  I was disappointed to hear they didn't have AYCE, but preceded with ordering roll determined to consume more sake than food.   I don't remember in which order I ordered the rolls, but each one was better than the last.  The Tsunami, Gentlemen's Club, Show Me the Love and Cowboys were all delicious.  As originally planned, I had a bottle of sake with each one.  I tried the sake First cold, then hot and finally just room temperature which was my favorite; although I did feel like Goldilocks by the time I was done.  The sake, sushi and service was very good as I felt I had the place to myself...actually I did have the place to myself.  Now if you were thinking how did he drive home after 4 + plus bottles of sake don't worry, I walked to my home as it's just down the street.  Since this was the grand opening they also handed out a $10.00 gift card for your next visit.  I'll be back for round 2 soon!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,1/6/2014,93,649,16,11,11>I have a love/hate relationship with Peridot Sweets. I love the macarons. They may only offer up a couple flavors at a time, they may not be the most authentic macaron you will find in town,  but they are always delicious. I love the staff. The owner, Tiffany, is an absolute sweetheart. I love the decor. Check out the restrooms, so cute! I love the prices. $1.25 for a macaron, and while I haven't sampled any of their other yummy treats I have checked out the prices and nothing seemed overpriced in the slightest. So why the hate? I hate that they are located so dangerously close to my office!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,1/5/2014,201,124,13,15,11>Not busy at all when I came in last weekend for lunch. Unlike the other location there is:* A place to park.* No wait.* Nice, knowledgeable wait staff.* Fast service.Expect the same, great food that you want to tell the whole world about. Personally I enjoy:* Fusion Tostada- Bulgogi, pico de gallo, and lettuce on top a delicious crunchy rice patty. Think the bottom of your rice cooker, but tastier!* Fusion Nachos- Get the half order and you'll still have more than enough. So much cheese! As with anything else, load up on hot sauce. It's sweet and hot!* Bulgogi Cheesesteak- It's like a cheesesteak but with bulgogi beef. Also the cheese isn't all oozy and slimy.* Fusion Flautas- I have to have at least one. Something crazy happens when they mix cheese and bulgogi beef. It will change you!You will order too much food. Take it home and eat the soggy leftovers. Also, your burps will stink like yummy.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/4/2014,1421,143,13,22,17>One of the best sushi places I've had! Location is a little strange and out of the way but well worth it. Yelpers were spot on with their raving reviews of Goyemon. The inside was very nice and clean and didn't smell :) It was a packed house which is always a good sign of a great establishment. We sat at the sushi bar and Ivan, our sushi chef was amazing. Of course we ordered the AYCE. Loved the fact we can order 1/2 rolls so we could try lots of different items. The nigiri was the perfect bite size. We enjoyed the Hurricane, garlic tuna, masago with quail egg, and I also tried the 911...spicy habanero HELL! We made friends with nearby patrons & started sharing but none of them dared to try the 911. I couldn't feel my face after eating it, thank goodness for the nearby sugar packets to help put out the heat.To finish our meal, lychee sherbet...refreshing and light.Definitely at the top of our list for sushi.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,1/3/2014,157,244,4,40,16>Asian fusion tapas is how I would best describe Jayde Fuzion and Seonkyoung, the new Food Network star surely delivered with her culinary vision and concepts!My advice is to go in a group of 4 and order a bunch of dishes and share.   We loved the Crab Salad - I believe this was one of the dishes featured in the early episode of Restaurant Express.  The salad was so fresh, light and refreshing.  The crab salad is paired with these lettuce endives and sesame wonton chips to scoop the crab goodness up.  This was one of our favorites.You can't go wrong with the lettuce wraps stuffed with pork belly....YES....pork belly.  Next time I will get the Duck sliders and Korean street tacos as we saw many tables having these dishes.  There are many traditional Korean dishes such as Japchae and Kalbi and for less adventurous eaters you can order a cashew chicken.  There's an even a full blown sushi bar.  There's definitely something for everyone.   The best part is most entrees are in the $8 to $15 range so you can order several and share.  Be sure to save room for desserts.  We really enjoyed the Yuzu Donuts - I could eat a dozen of those.  Hopefully chef will bring her famous sticky Asian bbq Ribs.  If you're in the area, be sure to check out this new Asian gem at the M Resort.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/2/2014,572,333,9,17,11>I was afraid of this place when I walked in to the somewhat sketchy stripmall with the wrong restaurant name on the outside.  However, once inside the experience was great.  The AYCE is 20 for lunch and 22 for dinner, one of the better ayce deals in town.  However, this is one of the few places you can fill up without using the AYCE.  Rolls were all marked 1/2 off on the printed menu so you could get a 4 piece roll for 4.95 and an 8 pc special roll for 8.95.  Someone who is full after 2 or 3 rolls can slide in under $22.00 and still manage to taste several different items.I tried the roll called "the Sh$T"  It is really good.  I would get it again.  The waitress explained what was in it but I didn't pay attention. Something about crab, special sauce deep fried, blah blah.I also had the soft shell crab appetizer which was part of the AYCE.  It was good, but not great.For rolls I had a red dragon, a baked scallop roll (4pc) and the last roll, I can't remember its name but it was awesome, the best roll I had all day.THis is definitely going into my rotation.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/1/2014,372,247,10,21,15>I've had my eye on Cafe Berlin for a hot minute. Always telling myself I was going to go but I wanted to give it some time. This location has changed hands and restaurants many, many times and if Cafe Berlin was not going to last - well, I didn't want to waste my time. But a year and half later, it's still here so it was time to try the place.Let me start with my only complaint of this place - WHY THE HECK DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE!?My memories of Germany consist of a few different things: Good Times, Good Food, Good Wine and Good Beer. Living in Germany I have the luxury of having excellent German food. Those imbiss stands though. Delicious Brats, Pomme Frites with mayo, schnitzel that would rock your socks off. After leaving Germany, I just knew that I would never have German food that good again.Well my friends, Cafe Berlin has the most amazing Jaeger Schnitzel. It is perfectly fried with the a very nice, light & crunchy breading. It is topped with the most delicious cream sauce with mushrooms. The size of the jaeger schnitzel was slighter smaller than something you would find in Germany but in the end it was the perfect serving and I was satisfied. The spaetzle was seasoned very well and soft and pillowy. I also ordered a side salad with German dressing. Amazing. The salad itself was nothing special but the dressing was made perfectly. Not too oily, not too much sugar, not too much vinegar. I asked for it on the side so I could dress my salad myself and I think this is key. Last but not least, if in a German restaurant you have to have a pretzel. There is just something about a German pretzel that I love. I remember walking to the bus stop in the morning when I lived in Germany and always stopping by the bakeries to get me a warm pretzel bun. The pretzel here reminded me so much of that. It was hot, warm and soft. Served with a cheese spread. The pretzel came out so soft and warm that I couldn't wait to eat it and alas, no picture. I left Cafe Berlin with a very happy belly. I remember just being happy overall after eating there. I wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I will have to visit a couple more times before I can do that. But if you want a great schnitzel, do your belly a favor and get over here today.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,12/31/2013,425,88,5,21,12>Shout out to Nelson Q for having a good eye and letting me know this business opened today! I got myself down here about 30 minutes after the heads up.. Dedicated!I arrived expecting this to be the chain that's based out of Hawaii. Unfortunately, this is independently owned, and not at all like the Bale that I'm used to back home, but that's where my disappointment ends. The owner, seeing my sad expression enthusiastically told me that it's much better than the place I was looking for. That's a lot to live up to, since I have childhood memories of pate banh mi.I came knowing I was going to order a pate sandwich, but didn't see it on the menu. Upon asking, they told me they could make me a pate sandwich and asked if I wanted it with or without butter. I opted for no butter, letting the pate do it's own rich thing.The sandwich was huge and only $2! Not sure if this is regular pricing or grand opening pricing seeing as all the other banh mi are $3.45- which, on it's own, is pretty competitive for Vegas.The bread is crusty and crisp on the outside while light and buttery on the inside- perfect! Way better than Mr. Sandwich and on par with Dakao. The vegetables were just right and cut the richness from the smear of chicken pate which was actually minimally applied. The cilantro provided that herbal kick that I love so dearly. Jalapeños for heat. Sriracha because.. Well.. It's Sriracha, and every table is equipped with it. Based on the bread and veggies alone, this is a major banh mi contender on the LV China Town strip.They offer a lot of soups and deli items as well, though the sandwich was just right for me and I was unable to bring myself to sample anything else.And nice plus was the hot jasmine tea they brought me when I sat down, brewed just right and not bitter. Update!: after speaking with the owner, he also owns Dakao up the road, but he says he likes the bread better here because they have a different oven. =)
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,12/29/2013,533,627,14,16,18>At Red Rock Canyon the rocks are the stars. In the northernmost region of Red Rock Canyon, White Rock is the rock star. It's tune is "Walking on Sunshine." Since August,  I have spent at least 4 hours hanging around this rock star the four times that I hiked the 6 miles White Rock loop Trail. With its stunning plant diversity, solitude, drastically changing landscapes, and breathtaking views of White Rock Mountain; White Rock Loop is my favorite trail in Red Rock Canyon.  The stage for White Rock Loop is in the northernmost reaches of Red Rock Canyon that pass into the La Madre Wildlife Area. On the La Madre facing side of White Rock a carpet of pinyon-pine forest interspersed with cacti reach to the La Madre mountains. On the Red Rock Canyon facing side the carpet is Mojave Desert reaching to the horizon. The main parking areas are the Lost Creek and Willow Springs parking lots off the spur road at mile marker 8.  This is a loop trail. From my experience I advise hiking it clockwise. The major elevation gain is in the scenic pinyon-pine forests with shady spots to pause and admire the scenery. If you hike counterclockwise,  the majority of the elevation gain is in the unforgiving Mojave Desert. Another advantage of hiking clockwise is that two miles into the trail there will be a half-mile spur trail to La Madre Spring. This is a nice hike if you decide you are not up to doing the 6 mile hike.This review discusses each side of the mountain while attempting to make the 50, 001 character limit.West-facing side:   The hike starts from the parking lots and follows the paved spur road past agave pits and a picnic area. The point of interest is White Rock Canyon. The hike continues onto Rocky Gap Road.North-facing side:  This is my favorite part of the hike. The trail turns off  Rocky Gap Road and into a slice of Heaven. As the trail lifts uphill, so does my spirit. When I admire the  Pinyon-pine forests, singing birds, crisp clean air, views of La Madre Mountain and White Rock Mountain, it is obvious my stress has stayed in Vegas. Looking at the shapes of the rocks on White Rock Mountain,  my imagination goes into overdrive and I feel like a kid again. When I reach the White Rock saddle, time stands still as I take in the forest below.East-facing side:  Gradually the pinyon-pine forest merges with the desert. There is a junction with Keystone Thrust and distant views of Las Vegas where I left my stress South-facing side:  At the White Rock parking lot, the trail now travels downhill through the desert. I always sit on a bench at White Rock Spring. This is a constant source of water and in my case solitude.  This is also a spot the has Verizon reception. The trail widens for a segment becoming a divided trail. As it reaches the starting point,  White Rock Mountain is still the star. Toward the end of the trail, it crosses a wash, climbs a hill, then descends a steep hill to the parking lot.  White Rock may be a Red Rock Canyon rock star. But, after you spend 4 hours hanging around this rock star, you will feel like a rock star from experiencing White Rock Loop. The main preparation is bringing PLENTY of water, hiking footwear, sunscreen, and a cap.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,12/28/2013,1407,1189,21,26,20>WOW!! Ronald's, you got some SERIOUS competition!Talk about perfect timing...we were the LAST customers at the Frost Bites trailer, we got the LAST cup of Banana Snow, and it was 8pm. I see in the distance, an OPEN light flashing at Friendly's Donut House. I said to myself  "Self, we're here and they're still open, so we might as well check it out?......LESSSSSSSGO!!!It's 8pm, there's also a dude with his family enjoying their loot, but they were definite regulars because this guy was like Yoda in a Troy Polamalu Jersey nodding his head as he saw me peruse the FULL case snapping shots of donut goodness(at 8pm!?!?!) wifey and I are ready to place our order, I open my wallet, and I find A CRISP ONE DOLLAR BILL.......Nooooooo!!!Friendly's, like Ronald's is a cash only business. Luckily, the guy behind the counter mentioned that there was an ATM at Smith's. The guy in the jersey says very calmly "The Glazed is good.....The Glazed is good." He kinda read my mind because I like all kinds of donuts-cake, old fashioned, crullers, etc. but my absolute favorite is a warm yeast raised glazed donut. The worker adds with a smirk "The Maple Bars should be out by the time you get back." So I made like Usain Bolt and 50-yard dashed it to Smith's, and bolted back to see the guy placing the WARM maple bars in the case...:9We HAD to get a Maple Bar, and also got another one of my favorites, Chocolate glazed Bavarian cream donut, a HUGE apple fritter, and a Cherry glazed French Cruller. On his way out, the guy in the Jersey reminds me-"Twist Glazed...Twist Glazed." and as he said, we got a Twist Glazed which was also warm and did not disappoint! It was also my  first time having a Maple Bar and what better way to try it than warm and freshly glazed?...MELTS IN YOUR MOUTH!!! Content with our sugar rush, the other goodies were boxed up and enjoyed for breakfast the next day. Hendersonians are very lucky to have this neighborhood gem!  ALOHA!!!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,12/27/2013,464,250,12,18,15>Two things I uphold above all in my reviews:Customer service & food (quality, taste, veg options)When I first walk in to order food to-go door girl or Naomi from what I spotted greets me with a scowl on her face and asks if I want a table. No, ordering out. can I have a menu please? she says "Order at the counter" ... Can-I-have-a-menu-PLEASE?"Oh, u want a menu.... here. " she hands me a stack. I put the overflow back. She's still scowling. Finally, I decide what I want and approach the counter/cooking area. Sunny takes my order with a cheerful smile on her face and was extremely helpful in putting together a combo option for what I was ordering and directing me that when I was ready I could pay and pick up my food at the front where I originally was. I thanked her and went back to pissy pants. Door girl doesn't even smile, says "You ready to pay?"... then as I take a seat in the waiting area, I wasn't sure if Sunny knew where I was sitting but I noticed her maybe 10 minutes later with an order looking around. I ask door girl if my order is ready and she literally rolls her eyes and says "She'll bring it over when it's ready lady"..... (these dots represent the angered pause in my head)Finally, a different waitress approaches me and asks what I ordered and subsequently brought me the order as Sunny was held up with another guest. As I leave, Sunny had run outside to find me still in my car and politely said "You forgot your strawberries!" I thanked her and the 3rd waitress for their polite and prompt customer service. Sunny should be appreciated or promoted to show her level of excellent customer interaction. it was very pleasant!Naomi "door girl" should be fired. In a customer facing role as the first person that guests see and that first impression that is crucial for return business, she is seriously offering a lack of enthusiasm and disservice. I am a return guest because I do love the quality of food here, and this location is close to my home and the hours offered for late breakfast! but customer service is about 50/50 currently with her as the "face" of Egg Works.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,12/26/2013,66,105,4,18,9>I have been waiting for a Mexican market to open up in Spring Valley. It took forever to come, but as long as it came, I am happy with that. I have to admit that it felt pretty unique to me when I surveyed and explored the store. They have a bakery section with a variety of breads and pastries that I recommend taking a visit before exploring the rest of the store. Next to the bakery, they have a little cafe area where you can order Mexican fast food staples like tortas, tacos, burritos, combination plates, etc. It might be somewhat more normal in a Mexican supermarket for them to have those things, but all of these American supermarkets don't get too creative at all.The one thing I love about La Bonita, are their prices. The prices of their food is really cheap compared to American supermarkets. They have super sales on Wednesdays and Thursdays, so look out for those! In general, the advertised items on their weekly ads are a lot cheaper than most of the sales at American supermarkets.Don't be freaked out that it's a store with a lot of Hispanic people in it. We live in a new day and age where we're all use to seeing different types of people in different places. Nobody really minds if you don't look like everyone else. Everyone there has a similar purpose of going there and that is to shop and buy some cheap groceries!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,12/25/2013,329,268,7,17,15>MmmmmMmmm I love me some Southern Cooking! And although there are a few other Southern places in town that I like for different food items I come to Kathy's for their Fried Chicken.  Seriously the best fried chicken dinner in town!  You will wait for about 20 minutes for your Fried Chicken since "Tiny" does not take shortcuts and once your plate arrives you will taste why.   Three pieces of fried to perfection goodness!!! The crispy well-seasoned lightly crispy battered chicken is always juicy and goes even better with their many sides to choose from.  It comes with their Cornbread which is okay, a little on the dry side but it is served warm with a side of butter.  For my sides I always get their Yams, Mac-n-Cheese, and Collard Greens but they also have Black Eyed Peas, Potato Salad, Mash Potatoes and Gravy, and Fried Okra to choose from. Also save room for dessert because their Banana Pudding and Peach Cobbler are a must try. They also on occasion have German Chocolate Cake or some kind special cake of the day. The ambiance definitely needs some TLC but the food and service make up for it IMO and it is certainly better looking than their former location.  There are so many other items on their menu to choose from and glancing over to the other diners it all looks and smells delicious. I will eventually try their other specialties but so far I can't convince myself long enough to stray away from their Fried Chicken!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,12/24/2013,454,392,8,17,10>Hooray for Juan's!!   We've now visited twice.   Once for lunch and once for a busy Friday night dinner.   On both visits, we were greeted immediately.  They have great customer service here.  The waitstaff and hostesses do an amazing job!  Chips, bean dip, salsa and sautéed toppings are brought out with seconds of sitting down.   Fabulous!  The sautéed toppings include onions, jalapeños and red hot peppers.   Yummy!  With the dinner entrees, their soup is brought out for the table.   It's delicious!  Great flavor!  Honestly I was almost full after the chips and soup! It seemed as if it were 2 seconds after I finished my soup were our entrees delivered.   On our first visit, we had to order the flaming fajitas of course!   What a show!!    The mound of meat and veggies on this are sure to fill anyone's appetite.   They were absolutely delicious and would highly recommend them!   On my second visit I wanted to try the shrimp tacos.  Again, fabulous flavor and filled with a lot of shrimp!  On both occasions I ordered the grilled vegetables instead of the rice and beans.  It's a great side item that compliments any meal.  Our drinks never went empty and our stomachs were filled to the brim!  A fabulous restaurant!  Thanks Juan's!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,12/23/2013,114,197,9,17,15>One of my buddies, DJ Mikeattack came by the other day, and told me about this very healthy snack that now taking a hold on the Las Vegas weightlifting community.   When he told me the name was Manbake Beefcake, I had to start laughing because the first thing that came to mind was a WWE wrestler, then I started thinking maybe it's  like Chef Jay's protien bars (which is also manufactured in Las Vegas)....well, I was completely wrong when DJ Mikeattack came  back with two bags of these moist mini protein cakes.At first, I looked at the ingredients on the bag, I was very surprised because it was as whole food made as what you make from your own kitchen.   The main base of the protein was Whey, and egg; then a nice mixture of Boarge, Evening Primrose, Flaxseed oil, and even the fat eating oil CLA was apart of the recipe.   The Carrot cake tasted like a real carrot cake...minus the frosting.   Also, the Chocolate peanut butter was off the hook!   Even if you're a Diabetic, you can eat this, because there isn't any sugar in any of these cakes.One thing, I really enjoyed about this snack compared to a regular protein bar...it's fresh, and has a short shelve life.    Protein bars get nasty before the expiration dates, and it's nice to get a real snack after a workout. I seen these at a few gym around the valley, and picked up a bag for $5.00.  Who says you can workout, and can't eat your cake...because Beefcakes is the solution to this dilemma
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,12/22/2013,893,876,17,25,17>I'm so glad I finally gave Rollin Smoke a try and that I didn't go here by myself as I would've driven away. The location isn't that great. It's close to a strip club, adult stores, etc. Tits and BBQ - this is a man's restaurant. The BBQ aroma fills the air inside the restaurant and sticks to your hair and clothes (had to shampoo my hair twice).The food was amazing!  I'm not the biggest fan of ribs so, for me to like this place is a major deal. We had a meat Trio: brisket, pork and ribs with waffle fries and Mac n cheese. I liked everything we got. The meats were tender, juicy and smokey. I poured some house BBQ sauce on the meats for more flavor. The waffle fries were very crispy and I wanted to order more. The Mac n cheese has a smokey taste to it as well but was runny...still damn good though. The chicken sandwich and a black berry cobbler were ok.This is not a fast-food restaurant so, expect to wait about 20 minutes or more to get your food. It's worth the wait.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,12/21/2013,51,324,18,20,20>Ummmm what do I say about my visit today...? Best Thai ever? They invented food? Oh my, I think I went too far...I'm going to dream about the food. Not in a normal way, a naughty way. A thick rich...just see my pics...Oh and before you read the veg porn below the customer service was AWESOME. Prompt, polite, and really caring to our needs. After we ordered everything she actually said "everything vegan right?" uh yes and I love you................APP: We started off with veggie potstickers (v), they were perfect! If you don't like a warm pocket of ground up veggie goodness rolling around all in your mouth...don't order these. The sauce was also yummy.I asked for "spicy stuff" and she brought me a three turner of: a red chili sauce, jalapeños, and hot ground pepper flake.MAIN: I had yellow (v) curry and brown rice. I'm going to dream about taking a bath in yellow curry. Not just any yellow curry. This yellow curry...thick, rich, flavorful with a little kick of spice...yellow curry. Calgon...I mean curry...take me away...Give me your sexy soft potatoes in my mouth, give me your crisp flavorful veggies all day long. YES! Add a size to my pants you think rich curry...oh. Seriously this curry was full strength if you know what I mean...MAIN: We ordered Lo Mein (v) or Chow Mein (who knows) with duck (v) and we were told we could have all those veggies but they were out of that type of noodles. No worries, we picked our fav big flat Chow Fun noodles and ate it right up...soooooo good. Not sure how they made that duck or where they bought it from...but it's the best faux faux I have ever eaten and I don't even like that bs.MAIN: Crispy as crispy orange chickn'...I mean crispy orange tofu :) (v) that stuff was like they made fresh simmered orange sauce and reduced it into a sticky-icky sweet goodness. Oh wait they did. Dang. They even put fresh oranges all over the top of the dish. Real oranges.Hubby and I could hardly finish our meal and so no room for dessert.Ok, yea you get it, so this place is my new addiction. If you want to be addicted...hit me up. I'll meet you there and get your started. I'm really pleased it's on my side of town.Mine all mine.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,12/20/2013,272,246,8,9,9>Life as a teacher means hours upon hours of lesson planning and grading...I may tell my students to do their work early ...but I'm guilty of that same mistake.  Thankfully, I have Fresh Cup to help get me through those Sunday afternoons buried in student papers.There are just so many perks I couldn't justify giving them anything less than 5 stars.1. The Drinks (the Kid Friendly Kind)!!!!They have just about every type of drink you could want from Flavored Teas, Milk Teas, Ice Smoothies, and Fruit Smoothies.  And of course no Drink place in Chinatown would be complete without offering Boba (extra 0.50) to any drink you please.  I usually order their Peach Tea if I'm not feeling the Boba or Regular Milk Tea when the Boba craving hits.  Another plus is that you can order their drinks half sweet if you are feeling healthier or if you just can't take the sweetAlso they have a stamp card! Buy ten get one free!2. DessertsWho doesn't like shaved-ice fruit and condensed milk on a Hot Las Vegas Day?? I haven't tried their shaved-ice yet, but once it starts to warm up again I think I will.  Or if I'm feeling like a rebel in the winter3. Real FoodMost Asian Drink places just have your usual Fried appetizers (which they have here too), but this place also has full on meals.  Including sushi rolls and rice bowls.  So far I've tried their Fried Calamari App and Their Yami yami Roll which were pretty good considering it was from a Boba place.4. Wi-FiHow else am I going to put the grades into my grade book?  Or look up awesome chemistry demos for my students without the Wi-Fi?  I've stayed a couple of hours here (don't worry I also order food and a drink) and they have never rushed me or made me give up a table5. K-pop in the background and on the walls.  Now, I don't really listen to that music but it makes it is kind of fun to be around and makes the place not weirdly quite.6. Nice StaffEveryone that I've met that works here has a smile and is super sweet to me.  I feel like they actually like working there and that they like each other which makes me like the place more tooOverall:  Great place to get some work done, catch up with friends, or grab a quick bite to eat.  I'll be back many times I'm sure.  If you see an Asian girl buried in grading on a Sunday afternoon, it will probably be me!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,12/19/2013,344,499,21,37,22>The Noob's guide to a $20 massage at Bali!If you guys reading this are like me, you would consider yourself very INEXPERIENCED when it comes to massages in general.  And of course, you've heard plenty of stories about the shady Asian Massage parlors in Vegas LOL.  Since I am now an expert (jk only been one time lol), I will HELP you out and let you know what to expect!1)  I showed up with no appointment, but was promptly welcomed and walked to the back.  Maybe during prime time, you might have to wait, but I had NO WAIT on a Thursday around 630pm.  Maybe if you enjoy a particular masseuse, you could schedule an appointment with that person, but since it was my first visit, I only showed up with a dumb look on my face lol.2)  There are no upsells or uncomfortable requests for additional money.  There were no options, no choices.  No drinks or products to buy.  You walk in for a massage, and you drop a $20 bill on the table on the way out.  Simple and CHEAP...I like that!3)  I was walked into the back into a large community room with tall cubical-like partitions set up  (BTW, there were places for me to CHARGE my phone).  It is very dark in there, but because it is not a private area, you should probably leave your clothes on, which brings me to my next point :4)  Wear COMFORTABLE clothing.  I came in with a T-shirt, Jeans and tied tennis shoes, but I should have came in a tank top, shorts, and sandals.  They rub this very low scented lotion pretty much everywhere, so you don't want that crap on your good clothes, as well as them getting rolled up and wrinkled.  Your hair gets all messed up too...don't plan on going out lookin your best when you're finished.5)  Once you get your area, take off your socks/shoes etc, and relax....maybe put your phone on silent.  My masseuse was there after about 5min with a bucket of hot water for my feet. 6)  The massage itself : Probably depends on your masseuse for the most part.  Mine was a middle aged lady with a bit of meat on her, and was the perfect "STRENGTH" I needed.  I am a wuss...I don't need anyone breaking my back or gettin super deep-tissue on me, but if you do, ask for it!  As well as once you are on your chair...TELL EM if they need to go easy or harder on ya.7)  Mine started off with my forehead, hair and scalp, temples, behind the ears (OMG YES!) and then to the neck.  Shoulders, arms and hands were next, to the feet/calves/thighs and then to the back.  I would imagine I could have asked for more or less time in any of the areas, and it would have been acceptable.8)  My massage lasted about an hour and fifteen from sit down to leaving.  I never noticed her checking her watch, but she kept me BUSY pretty much the entire session.  I felt great right after the massage, and felt a lil beat up the next day.  Nothing crazy, just like a good workout at the gym.9)  On the way out, she offered water and sat at a bench by the front door to get her tip I presume.  Drop your $20 bill at the front, and then your tip to your masseuse. 10)  As for the TIP, that obviously depends on your masseuse, your overall experience, and your personal pocketbook.  I won't tell you what to pay, but my experience was wonderful, and I would have personally felt cheap droppin a $5 bill for an hour of hands on work.  I spent $10 and she seemed happy...maybe if it was enlightening, I would have tipped more, but for a great massage, I think $10 was fair.  Still at $30 that's crazy cheap!  I might come here once every week or two!I know most of this is common sense to the seasoned veteran, but I can't be the only one that has been living under a rock!!Hope some of this helped the fellow noob!  I know it would have helped me if I would have read this before my first visit :PNow go get your $20 massage!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/18/2013,433,1034,10,23,16>The best restaurant to come along in quite some time. They don't take reservations, but it gave me time to go check out the specialty cocktail menu. For $8, these drinks are a preview of how reasonable the rest of the menu is. I tried the bourbon peach tree cocktail and it was heavy on the alcohol. Besides the bourbon, all you can taste is the mint. It was not well balanced, but for someone who likes their brown liquors, this is great. I still liked it. The Hot & Bothered was my favorite though. The mixture of spicy and sweet was phenomenal. The mango syrup was not too overbearing and the spice lingered on your lips. I sat in the lounge for 20 minutes before someone came to get my guest and I. We were taken upstairs to our table. Within minutes our server came by to introduce herself and I tried to get a few recommendations. With such a spectrum of items being suggested, it did not make it any easier. What we ended up deciding on was astounding. For starters, we got the "over the rainbow" salad and the bone marrow carne asada. Holy cow are they amazing. The best contrast of something healthy with a heart stopping appetizer. The mixture of grains with corn and veggies had me shoveling it down. The fatty goodness of the bone marrow had me wanting more. A squeeze of orange cuts the fat. As our protein, we went with the Spencer steak. $25 for a ten ounce steak with housemade chips and a mushroom rockefeller. What a deal! When we got it, it was cooked to a perfect medium rare. With that, you get a choice of sauce. Initially, we ordered the green peppercorn thinking it would pack some bold heat. It is more creamy and possessed little flavor. Afterwards, we asked for the chimichurri and that was much better. The capers in it had me scooping it up. Adding the crispy cauliflower tossed with chili de arbol and portabello fries was more than enough for two. If I had to choose between the two again, I'd go with the former. The sweet and spice of the florets had me wanting to plan another visit. The meatiness of the fries were good, but the aioli was what made them. We were dipping anything we could get our hands on in it. I was ready to tap out, but Sarah Marie wanted to see the dessert menu. They don't have one, but our server broke down all of their desserts for us. They only have sundaes. I was a littl surprised by that, but I am a huge ice cream fan. We ended up with the salted turtle sundae. The roasted peanuts, toffee pieces, salted caramel, chocolate sauce, and salted caramel ice cream was to die for. We were filled to the brim, but that sundae did not go to waste. All in all, it was the best dining experience I could have asked for. We ended up hanging out there for quite some time. Their timing was perfect. I didn't even realize that we had a three hour dining experience because they always had something in front of us and the pace was so controlled.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,12/17/2013,553,504,8,15,14>I FINALLY got the opportunity to check this place out!!!  As a passionate Yelper, I don't know why it took me sooo long to visit a place with over 1000 reviews with an overall rating of 4 stars.  To me, that sounds like a GREAT place.  A good friend called me to go to dinner and this place was a great choice.  I was stoked!When we arrived, I found out the wait was 35-40 minutes which didn't bother me because it told me this place was popular.  The waiting area was a little small with not a lot of seating.  I was relieved to see that the employees were really quick about cleaning off tables once diners left so we weren't waiting very long.  Our party saw an area at the bar and decided to just sit there.  Total wait time, around 15 minutes :)The place is a nice, quaint venue.  You have the exposed air ducts and lighting.  The walls were painted grey to look like concrete walls.  The overall feeling was a warehouse/loft look which ultimately made for a modern feel.  I love it!  The bar top was filled with very comfy stools, dark top with an opaque glass wall with different colors illuminating the bar:  purples, greens and blues.  When we first sat down, the bar top was not clean had a fishy egg smell to it. We ended up asking the hostess to wipe it off. BTW, the hostess, was soo sweet!  From the greeting to the dinner service, she was super attentive and really helped her servers out.  Top notch!  The bar server was also a cool guy.  I think he was definitely in a managerial role, he just had that aura about him.  I felt like he was from Hawaii.  He kept using "brah" when he talked to me, which made it feel like a family place!  Alright, onto the food!We started off with the oxtail chili cheese fries for 11.50. I saw this dish featured on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and NEEDED to try it!  First of all, what an amazing and beautiful dish.  Start off with crispy shoe string fries, chili filled with shredded oxtail meat, topped with a garlic aioli, cilantro, sliced jalapeños and a  fried sunny-side egg. WOW, I'm in heaven.  This dish is savory, little spicy from the chili and jalapeños, packed with flavor. When you get this dish, you must first take a photo for Facebook, then break the egg yolk and mix everything together.  The yolk coats the chili and fries and brings the dish to a whole new level!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this dish :)For our main course, we decided to get two different burgers, cut them in half and share them, so we could asses more than just one!  The first burger was the Ronin burger for $11. This burger was Angus beef, caramelized onions, Japanese cole slaw, a fried egg, topped with a katsu bbq sauce, miso type dressing and accompanied with a Yuzu citrus aioli.  This burger is my favorite of the two we tried tonight.  The burger was super juicy (make sure you get it medium done...only way to go!), the slaw offered a crunchy texture, enhancing the burger, love me some fried eggs in a burger so there's that.  The sauces really brought the dish together.  SOOO Good!  The second burger was got was the Kiki burger also for $11.  This burger is also made with a juicy patty of Angus beef.  What enhanced the burger were the sauteed mushrooms:  Shiitake, Enoki and Eryngii.  The burger also had caramelized bacon, Gruyere cheese, onion marmalade, arugula and accompanied with a garlic chili aioli.  What I noticed right off the bat was the super smokey taste of the burger!!!  Then you get a sweet kick from the marmalade.  This burger is packed with different textures:  crunchy arugula and dense chunks of mushrooms.  The garlic chili aioli really makes the burger a star, so do forget to use it!  All these burgers are held together by a Taiwanese sweet bread, super light and fluffy.  Soo good!So I know my review was super long.  If you are one of the few folks that reads this entire review and finds it through the 1000+ reviews, I'm hoping that you're mouth is watering like a faucet.  You NEEED to get your butt down to Bachi burger and try their food.  This place is absolutely amazing and you will NOT regret it.  So what are you waiting for??  They're open late!!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,12/16/2013,181,172,5,13,9>I FINALLY made it to the Velventeen Rabbit after anxiously waiting for them to open. I had read that the sisters that opened it had travelled around the world and that the cocktail menu was inspired by their travels. The space is decorated very cool, shabby chic, with Victorian style furniture. They also have this cool light installation/projector with some cool images. In the land of singing frogs and sirens it is refreshing to see something less Disney-like. My only issue would be that the a/c does not reach the sofas, so your best bet is to sit at the bar for now.The drinks are super good and OMG the price can't be beat! I've been here twice and both times was for happy hour. The cocktails are all priced at 8 dollars but during happy hour they are 7. Seven dollars, what? And we are talking about hand-crafted, artisanal cocktails made with top-shelf liqueurs. I don't think you can get a margarita at Chili's for that price. I have tried most of them; the Blind Willow by far is my favorite. I didn't really like the Resurrection, it was like a watered down margarita. But everything else has been pretty tasty. They also have a small but well-curated selection of draft beers which are reasonably priced to boot. You can tell that a lot of thought went into everything including the glassware. All of their glasses are super pretty and perfectly suited to each cocktail. Oh, and the bar nuts are fantastic and served in cute cut glass candy dishes.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,12/15/2013,151,110,16,10,11>Take your favorite Hot Dog On A Stick, and remove the following:- Rude teenage mallrats, especially the ones who sag skinny jeans (one way or the other, NOT BOTH)- Survey takers.- Muzak.- Drunk mall Santas (observation valid Nov-Dec only. Void where prohibited.)- Hipsters going in and out of Urban Outfitters.- Mall cops with an exaggerated sense of self-importance.- The temptation of Foot Locker and Champs (sneakerheads, you know what I mean)- The temptation of GameStop (gamers, you know what I mean)- The temptation of CinnaBon (humans, you know what I mean)And retain the following:- Hot dogs on sticks.- Lemonade- The doofy hat.That alone warrants 4 stars. Warning: they didn't drop the mall prices, though, so have some coupons handy.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,12/14/2013,224,164,10,21,9>The Gym. Typically when you ask someone in Las Vegas what pops up in their noggin when you say "the gym" it will most likely be nightmares of playing Frogger at LVAC, contracts, and funk!My past quirks about gyms were that they were:1. overcrowded (i.e LVAC)2. douche like environment (Do you even lift BROOO?)3. kids everywhere (i.e. Lifetime)4. snobby (DB)5. people not even working out (i.e. the people that check in on Facebook and hog the whatever all day checking out instagram)6. dirtiness (24HR)7. contracts (you pay month to month)At CAC I have ZERO problems. It is NEVER crowded and rarely do I ever have to wait for anything. For the most part people here are serious, ain't nobody got time to be seeing how many likes they got on their Instagram picture! I may be one of the youngest members too (and I'm 23). Super clean facility too, I don't even know how it stays so clean, I only see the cleaning staff at night, maybe people here care about hygiene! I remember when this was 24HR before, the pool was gross and the jacuzzi was worse, the brown foam floating around still gives me nightmares. The pool now is a super clear and pretty much no one to bother me while I (attempt to) do laps. Like the other reviewers have mentioned there is also MMA classes, pilates, zumba, CrossFit (6pm yeeyuuh), Sports Massage, and Chiropractic care (Heidi is awesome). There are a lot of nice smaller details about CAC that makes it outstanding, but instead of me typing it out, you should just take a tour. I saw something about it being the only 5 star gym in Nevada, I don't know what that is based on, but I believe it! Anyways thanks CAC for being awesome
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,12/13/2013,172,155,8,11,11>Move over Yard House, there is a new kid in town... and he actually knows something about beer.  Well, Aces and Ales (a locally owned business) isn't new in town, but this new location is definitely the best beer bar in town.  As a fan of the Nellis location, how does it stack up?Well, the interior is about 2-3 times as big and is much classier.  The atmosphere has the feel of an upscale San Diego beer bar.  Plenty of new lush seating, lots of TV's at the bar, and even a sweet looking patio and fireplace outside give this place a totally new and refreshing feel for Aces and Ales.  When I first heard about the second location and the 50 taps, I feared that Ryan, the co-owner, wasn't going to be able to live up to the original locations rotating tap selection.  I mean, Aces on Nellis is well known as Greg Koch's favorite beer bar in Vegas (CEO of Stone Brewing) and for good reason.  You will find fine craft beer from all over the world that you won't find in other Vegas bars (including Yard House, Public House, Burger Bar, etc).  As a beer geek, Aces 2 has recreated that great beer selection with double the amount.  With a rotating tap selection, there will always be different beers at Aces.  Today the menu ranged from Epic Brewing's Sour Apple Saison, to Nectar Ales Black Xantus, to Ballist Point Habanero Sculpin IPA.   There are bottles of Parabola, most years of Stone's Verticle Epic Series, and The Bruery's special releases.  Each and every single beer on the 50 tap menu is a craft beer, and many of them are hard to find special releases.  Finally, a bar that beer nerds in Vegas can be proud of.  I had the Juicy Lucy for lunch, and it was pretty awesome.  Just as good as the old location.  The beef was nice and juicy with a perfect amount of stuffed cheese and applewood bacon.  The bar is less than a week old, so they are still working out the kinks in the kitchen and getting the patio installed.  The service was top notch, just like the old Aces, except a lot more staff.  Our waitress Kimberly was very attentive and did a great job.      Overall I am extremely happy that Aces and Ales has opened a larger, classier, craft beer bar on my side of town.  If you are into craft beer, unless you are willing to drive 5 hours west, it doesn't get any better than this.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,12/12/2013,161,172,11,16,12>This event was freaking sweet! I came here last min and made it just in time to catch a glimpse of Capital Cities at the Ambassador stage. I didn't spend too much time there but the crowd participation was lively.  Lots of thoughts went into the production.Next up was Imagine Dragons at the Downtown Stage which I believe is the main stage just a few blocks away. Navigating was easy since they had directory at every intersections with time slots as well. Or you could take your chance and follow the crowd if you're THAT lazy.I didn't get to eat anything, but there were plenty of food and beer (Heineken) booths around. I see a lot of people eating pizza and corn dogs.  Think it was $5 a beer for a ~14oz glass which is reasonable. If you want liquor avoid El Cortez.  Their bartenders were slow with poor attitudes.  Took us 25min for our dranks. Also prepare to have a plan C as they're very limited on their selections.  I suggest going to any bars on Fremont Street instead. We were in and out of Insert Coins within 5min and it was cheaper too!  I wasn't there that long and pretty much came without a game plan, but still I felt this was a successful event.  Maybe a little understaffed with the P.A.D. (Public Area Dept aka cleaning crew) as trash cans everywhere were piling up. At least the massive porta-potties area were adequate though.  Shuttling from World Market Center didn't seem to be a problem either since most my friends used it.  Plenty of things to do and money to spend stuff on.  I'm rarely downtown but all the space were well utilized.  Easily the best block party I ever been to. If whomever decide to host another LIB event I would most def make arrangements to attend again. Life is pretty dope!Don't forget to check out the yelp booth at the Hubtridge Stages for some cool swags!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,12/11/2013,821,451,8,28,16>1900 Asian Cuisine is the newest Chinese restaurant to open up at the former Kung Fu Chef site, offering traditional Chinese breakfast, "dim sum" and Szechuan, Shanghainese, and Taiwanese cuisine.  It is in the same plaza as Bazic, Old SF Market, and Shuseki.  They have only been opened since Tuesday (June 4, 2013), so spanking new they still don't have traditional menus printed up yet (currently utilizing single sided print outs stapled together).  But the staff all sport matching black or white shirts with the restaurant name printed on it.At the time I dropped by at around 8:30pm on a Sunday, the restaurant was still not too busy.  After reviewing the menu, asked for recommendations and finally decided on Cumin Lamb, I kept myself busy with a game on my phone, while doing some eavesdropping.  Plus the insightful observation (duplicate check printout) that I made and verbal confirmation from the waitress, I learned that this new business is actually another restaurant venture by the owner of Three Village Restaurant, which has their original location just one floor up.  They also hired a chef direct from China, so they could offer up quality authentic Chinese food.The food came out fairly quickly and it looked good.  Tasted great too. The only less than position impression was the haphazard way the steamed rice was served in a small bowl with rice all over the upper edges of the small bowl (they charge $0.50 for each bowl of rice).  I guess they just don't want to potentially waste rice on someone that only ordered one entree.Of course one entree was not enough, and I ended up getting their Walnut Shrimp.  The portions is good, the shrimp was deep fried in a not too thick batter, just long enough that it was cooked without turning the crustacean into a rubbery exercise equipment for your jaw.Overall the dinner menu is decent, but compared to what they offered during lunch (up to 5pm) it looks plain.  The patrons at nearby tables that arrived after me all asked about dim sum items, but all were told it was not available during dinner.  That's too bad, I would have ordered way more items if the kitchen could accommodate such request.  I hope they will take a cue from customers and at least offer some of dim sum items during dinner.For breakfast (7-11am) they offer a small selection of traditional Chinese breakfast items (porridge, soy milk, etc.).  If I stay out really late or feeling extra motivated in the morning, I might check that out.During their grand opening phase, they offer 15% discount to customers with local ID (or if you just look loco).  So if you are unsure, check them out with this little monetary carrot stick.If you are not sure of what to get, then order their Cumin Lamb!Taste:  3.5/5  Only tried a few dinner items thus far, some are really good some just OK.  I think the gems will be from the lunch menu.Price/Value: 3.5/5  Not going to find cheap food at low low prices here. You pay for quality here.Service:  3.5/5  Needs improvement in some areas, but they were nice and professional.They are open late!!!  Mon-Thurs 2:30am  and Fri-Sat 3:30am 3.5 stars* Men's room could be cleaned up better, the trash was on the floor.** This will be a good site for UYEs, so we can have a larger group to try out more of their menu in one go.*** Does not accept American Express, Iraqi Dinars, but may consider renminbi (RMB).
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,12/10/2013,428,198,22,33,34>Sweets Raku is the brainchild of Mitsuo Endo of the Abriya Raku fame (a 3-time James Beard Award nominee). The concept of this restaurant is a dessert bar, where you come in, order off a prefix menu, or order the desserts à la carte. Being a dessert bar, you will be served desserts only (but I've heard that they also have a cheese plate). After hearing some interesting comments about this dessert bar, I went with a buddy after my SnowFlake Shavery fix to get some dessert.SR is located in the Seoul Plaza on Spring Mountain Road and Jones. It actually sits across the same building complex as Raku. Walking inside, you'll notice an amazing display of bottles of water and other refreshments built into a see-through wall. The clean, modern, and white interior give you a sense that the people who created this restaurant really wanted to give you an unforgettable experience. There is an open kitchen, and around it sits a bar with around 15 seats where you can watch all the desserts being made right in front of your eyes! There are also tables, but if you have the opportunity, sit at the bar and enjoy the show.The pastry chef is Mio who is in charge of the kitchen. She's been a pastry chef for over a decade in Japan, but you would never guess due to her youthful appearance. The server dropped off a menu that was rolled up in a sugar ribbon ring. After ordering our drinks and the prix fix menu, we waited for Mio to start. The menu is also edible, and I thought that was a real neat and fun idea to be able to eat a menu!  It didn't have a taste at all, which is good because I would have gagged if it tasted like paper. The server then brought us our drinks.- Americano coffee: They use the Illy brand coffee, and it was bold and well made.The Amuse/First course came up first:- Strawberry and Mint: A strawberry sorbet with mint jelly, with a fresh sprig of micromint. The strawberry sorbet had a nice strawberry flavor. The texture was sort of weird for me, it wasn't icy... but I guess it wasn't as smooth as I would have liked.  It's hard to describe. On the other hand, the texture of the mint jelly was well done, but I couldn't really taste the mint flavor that much.The main entrees then arrived:- Mt. Fuji: This was a play on the classic French dessert, the Mont Blanc. This was my favorite dessert of the night. The chestnut cream was amazingly light and had a smooth chestnut flavor. The cake was moist, and the chestnut glace complimented the whole dish. The presentation was also pretty cool.- Apollo: Chocolate and raspberry mousse on top of chocolate cake, Earl grey tea ice cream, raspberry meringue, chocolate bases, and raspberry sauce. I thought the mousse's were all well made and so was the chocolate cake. The chocolate squares around the plate and the Earl Grey Tea ice cream were my favorite part of the dish. The ice cream tasted exceptionally well with the pink peppercorns that were ground on top. I thought the meringue and raspberry sauce were O.K. This was my least favorite dessert, I thought, flavor wise... it was just too safe.The petit fours/Last Courses arrived:- Parmesan cheesecake with oranges: I loved the concept of this dish. It is like eating two different courses in one dish. By itself, the cheesecake is very savory, and I thought that this would make a nice appetizer on a restaurant menu. But then, after eating the cheesecake together with the oranges, it complimented the savoriness of the cheesecake perfectly, and it became a dessert again! I found this to be absolutely fascinating.- Chocolate Fondant with marshmallows: The warm chocolate molten cake was well executed with a cakey outer shell, and a warm molten interior. It was a well balanced cake. My favorite accompaniment of the night had to go to the lemon marshmallows. They had a bright, strong,  lemon flavor, and they tasted just like a lemon curd! I thought the raspberry marshmallows were lacking in raspberry flavor, but the texture was good.The service throughout the night was top notch. The server knew when we needed drinks refilled, and cleared our plates at the right time. She was super friendly and knowledgeable and engaged with us enough, but not overly smothering.Dining at Sweets Raku brought an old smile to my face. It brought me back to those pre-"Great Recession" days. I remembered when the properties on the Strip were in competition with each other... not money-wise like they are now...but quality wise. Back then, F&B programs were trying to think of ways to create unforgettable experiences to their guests. Now, it's all about the bottom line, which is why we only see now burger joints, bars, and steak houses popping up, with inconsistent service everywhere. There are some flubs in this place, but you can find flaws at Raku, Joel Robuchon, The French Laundry, etc. But, this place deserves 5 stars, because.. it's the thought that counts. Kudos to Chef Endo and Chef Mio, true artisans of their profession!!!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,12/9/2013,367,100,6,13,12>This is a small mom and pop Korean restaurant tucked away in one of the many strip malls in Vegas. It's location may make it hard to find but it is worth the search. Here's a little help: It's pretty much across the street from Lowe's. Behind the AYCE sushi spot.Hopefully that helps.So this place is small. I personally counted a max of 25 seats. The lady who is always there is extremely friendly and gives superb service.  I have a sick obsession with hot Korean soups that remain sizzling in your face when it's delivered to the table.  For the most part, this restaurant specializes in just that: soup!  They have other dishes like seafood pancakes and new ramen dishes I just saw added to the menu.  But DO NOT miss out on their soups!The vegetable soup and the seafood soup are the two dishes I've only tried so far.  Both come with soft tofu and a kimchee like broth. Let me tell ya, they are YUUUMMMYYYY!  This is personally my go-to Korean joint when I'm in the Summerlin area.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,12/8/2013,247,589,6,13,7>Review of: $22.13 Pre-Fixe Lunch Menu 2013My friend and I have attempted to eat the Pre-Fixe at Milos before, back when it was $20.13. Indeed, they have upped the price, but I don't think $2 is much more for what you are getting. However, if they upped the price anymore than that I would think twice about coming here for this particular Pre=Fixe.I believe one of the best ways to eat well, in fancy places, and get the bang for your buck is to eat happy hours, lunch, and Pre-Fixe menus. Numerous fancy-dancy places in Vegas offer these menus in their "off" times (IE: not dinner) and this accommodates especially locals very well. I imagine the meal I had at this particular lunch would have set me back a whole lot more than 20 bucks-ish had I been dining during a "dinner" time at Milos. With that being said, onto the food:First Course - Meze PlateComes with three sauce, pita bread, cheese, one tomato and one olive. I really wanted another kalamata olive. Why just one Milos?! Why?! Oh right, presentation or something probably. I chose the meze plate because I wanted an option to just get my palate going before I had my main course. The other first courses on the menu are quite sumptuous (scallops, octopus, etc.) However, the meze plate eases you into your meal in a nice way, being able to play with which flavors you slather onto your pita bread. I enjoyed the dish and the presentation.Second Course - Sea BassA fish you'll wish you could eat every time you eat fish. It is presented sliced in half, tail and head still attached (please do what you can to scrape some meat out of the head - I did!). The flavor is - buttery, meaty white fish. If you don't know what that tastes like, then order this dish and enjoy. My fish did not have too many bones, I believe I probably ran into about 5-6. However, my friend's fish seemed to be loaded, so just be careful when eating.Third Course - Walnut CakeMeh. I was not impressed and wished I had ordered another dessert. This cake was dry and tasted like gingerbread. I'm not a fan. The ice cream on top was the only reason I could stomach the whole piece. Had the ice cream not been on top I would have just left it on the plate after the first couple bites.Service - Genteel, warm, friendly, upscale, quick, we were not forgotten, nor were we hovered over. When we arrived the place was empty, when we left it was totally full. So kudos to management and servers for keeping a service exceptional through a lunch rush.Overall - A decent Pre-Fixe to try out. Since Milos specializes in seafood, those who may not want to dump a whole lot of money into such a specialized restaurant should consider the Pre-Fixe option and then decide whether or not they would return for full price. Now, if I had a hankering for seafood and had some extra money to throw around I would definitely return to Milos, probably with out-of-town friends to wow them.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,12/7/2013,243,421,5,6,4>Team lunch today at Archi's Thai and the lunch entree did not disappoint.  They have items such as pad thai, red curry, kung pao, spicy basil, broccoli...select the entree with beef, pork, chicken, tofu, veggies or shrimp for only $7.95.  The lunch entree includes soup, side salad (which is very simple), egg roll and a pork wonton.I chose the beef red curry, level 5 (1-10), and I packed up 3/4 of my entree to go and shared that with Earl for dinner.  This red curry was delicious.  The beef was tender (thank goodness), and there were lots of bamboo shoots in here.  I also had the thai milk tea and it was potent and yummy.  Word of caution, it is filling.  I  believe the reason why I only finished 1/4 of my curry was because of this large glass of  concoction.  Service was quick, and we all were happy with our selection.Recommend!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,12/6/2013,482,363,9,18,13>The fiancé and I stopped by for lunch this afternoon and had a wonderful meal! So let's talk atmosphere, gorgeous. I love the light from all the windows, the vintage and rustic furniture, the lighting fixtures, just the whole package. It was completely empty before noon and no one at the host stand or bar, but we were content walking around and getting photos. Anyway, we got a table in one of the windows with big comfy chairs and it was so nice. They have lunch specials (salad and sandwich or sandwich and soup, etc), but we wanted to try their small plates. We got six dishes --Tivoli Wrapped Dates: Soft, lightly sweet dates stuffed with goat cheese and an almond, wrapped in prosciutto. The presentation was beautiful and I love that they cut the round ends of the dates so it sat on a platter. Of course, I had to compare these to Firefly's dates and I'm happy to say that they were equally good in different ways. I like the freshness of this dish (compared to the smokey qualities of Firefly's), however it could use salt or another salty component for more contrast.Lobster Mac: Generous chunks of lobster meat, whole wheat penne, Parmesan, brandy cream, spinach, and sun-dried tomatoes. Slightly under-salted, but I liked that it wasn't overwhelming. But $15? Not worth it.Organic Mushroom Risotto: The dish was prepared well, nice mushrooms. Mushrooms still had bite and the rice had a good consistency. Although, it did seem under-seasoned as well, it was still good.Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets: These things are amazing. Seriously genius!! Mini little bites of chicken pot pie, not a joke. The batter was so crispy and I love that it was served with freshly shaved Parmesan and lime zest.Roasted Brussel Sprouts: Roasted in brown butter with Yukon Gold potatoes, Purple potatoes, pumpkin seeds, crushed cashews, golden raisins. Really good. I would have liked the sprouts to be roasted a little longer to rid it of the bitterness. Drunken Shrimp: Large shrimp fried in a Guinness batter, served with a mango-jicama slaw, and housemade vodka cocktail sauce. The batter was deliciously crispy, the shrimp was fresh, and I squeezed a little fresh lime juice before dipping it in the perfect cocktail sauce and added the fresh, crispy slaw per bite. Amazing!Hands down, Chicken Pot Pie Nuggets and Drunken Shrimp are two of the best dishes in my overall dining history. What I like about The View, besides the great design, is that they are innovative with the selection of dishes, which was definitely vital in a market saturated with restaurants serving the "small plates" experience. They've taken dining favorites like stuffed dates, fried shrimp and decided to use other ingredients to make it sufficiently different. That's what will bring me back to dine with them again.  Service was wonderful; our server was great and checked in on us when needed. We also enjoyed their soda selection (Virgil Root Beer, Jamaican Ginger Beer). The only downside is the price. For two, our lunch bill was $75 (including tax and 21% tip) - yikes.  Although satisfied with the amount of food we consumed, we could have easily ordered more if we had more time and racked up quite the bill.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,12/5/2013,155,75,5,9,8>My group of 6 decided on Todd's for a Saturday night dinner and we had a fabulous experience.  The restaurant was crowded (likely because they began their Restaurant Week menu) but our table was ready for our 8pm reservation. We ordered some cocktails and wine (my girlfriend ordered the raspberry lemon drop martini and it was really yummy) to start.  Todd's has a pretty decent wine menu and the prices are definitely reasonable, so I recommend ordering a bottle instead of cocktails. Our server informed us that the chef offers an appetizer sampler for groups of 6 or more, which we decided to order.  Shortly after, each of us received a plate with calamari, one mini crab cake, one goats cheese wonton and one asian dumpling. Everything was delicious!I ordered the Halibut and my girlfriend ordered the boneless short rib. My Halibut was perfectly cooked and tasted amazing - flaky, soft and served with sweet potato gnocci, which was incredibly delicious.  I literally finished my entire plate of food, which I almost never do.  I tasted the boneless short rib/jalapeno mash and really enjoyed the flavor combinations - not too strong or overpowering at all and perfectly tender short rib.  Everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals with no complaints. The service was wonderful. Although many people complain about the prices being a little high, i think the prices are actually very reasonable considering the quality of food, diverse flavors and extreme attention to detail in every dish. The only thing I didn't like about Todd's was the decor.  The decor doesn't match the restaurants high class food because it looks similar to chain restaurant. Todd's could benefit from a makeover with darker wood and less patterns and better lighting in order to provide the ambiance of a great restaurant.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,12/4/2013,178,251,8,11,12>I've seen reviews of the Kitchen Gangnam ever since it's opening but haven't been particularly drawn to it at first. I thought this was just another attempt at feeding off the youtube sensation's popularity. My mom and I happened to be around the area yesterday morning and when the topic of food came up, we walked around the Decatur/Sahara complexes to look for restaurants we have yet to try. To our hesitance, we realized this was the only place we still haven't tried so we walked towards the restaurant with an overshadowing doubt, only to be greeted with a friendly host who also happened to be the only waitress working there that day. She was dressed in neat traditional Korean attire and took us to a window-side seat. We proceeded to order the Decatur course - a 6 course meal good for 2 people and only $19.The dishes came to our table one by one with enough of a time interval in-between for us to down the preceding dish. Appetizers were up first. Mommy loved the juicy green salad, particularly its dressing. Smoked salmon lettuce wraps up next complimented the delicatessen sweet potato noodles, which was a great burst of flavor, getting us ready for the cod,shrimp and pork patties that followed. Our server placed the side dishes (x4) that we were not charged for (in case you folks had to pay for kimchi before!). Sizzling spicy beef patties tingled my tongue and usually, I'd set uber spicy stuff aside but I loved the flavor and seasoning way too much to let it go. When the rice & tofu soup finally made it to the table, I used them as excuses to finish my patties. Yum. Wait up though. Despite the great food, I honestly can't quite put my finger on what the whole concept of the restaurant was. Decor & food presentation were traditional but there was Kpop playing in the background and the name of the restaurant altogether didn't exactly reflect the kind of vibe you get once you go inside. To put it simply, some things did not fit right but I'm pretty sure that's going to be fine-tuned as time goes by. I understand it's still new and is probably still shaping up. Those of you who've given up on this place, give it another chance. Everyone else, come round!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/3/2013,342,580,6,10,10>This was without doubt the best menu offering of Restaurant Week that I experienced, and every course was very well prepared.We began our dinner with good French Bread and a Basket of Crudites in which all vegetables were fresh and crisp.  Also served was an excellent Olive Tampenade.  There was a long wait for fresh-brewed Iced Tea; when it arrived the tea was strong in tea flavor, and my second glass of it was noticeably smaller than the first.  Go figure!The ambiance was romantic, as Diane and I sat at a small wraparound love seat booth.  This is great for a second or higher date or a happily married couple, since legs are likely to be locked together throughout the meal.Escargots Bourguignone were lemony, garlicky, and delicious.  An added La Soupe A L'Oignon Gratinee with Swiss Cheese (for I'll never pass up French Onion Soup offered at a French restaurant) was hot, cheesy, and well deconstructed.For my entrée I selected Veal Medallions Normande with sliced Baked Apples, Light Calvados Cream Sauce, and Mixed Wild Rice.  The veal was well pounded and barely fork tender with al dente carrots.  It was delicious with the sauce and the best moist and fluffy Mixed Wild Rice I have had.  Meanwhile, Diane enjoyed her veal medallions with very good fluffy Mashed Potatoes.   For dessert I enjoyed topnotch smooth and rich Belgium Dark Chocolat Mousse with heavenly Frangelica Chantilly Cream (Oh yeah!), while Diane delighted in Grand Marnier Souffle with both Vanilla Ice Cream and Chantilly Cream.  During this RW meal, portions were big for one diner, with a four-course meal generously priced at $50.13.  Service was attentive and excellent.  Above all, diners got to select among several fine dishes from an inventive and creative menu that was quite well executed in the kitchen.Five stars all the way!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/2/2013,519,1603,8,22,17>To all previous Yelp friends who reviewed Carlos' Kitchen--THANK YOU!  I was aware of Chef Carlos when he was at the other place a few blocks away but never went there.  After being reminded of him by Susie H.'s recent review, this was on my to try list ASAP.We arrived early last night (Sunday) after the Ribbon of Life show at the Smith Center.  We were the only ones in the place.  The server told us to sit anywhere we liked and she handed us the menus after we were seated.  Before leaving, she read the specials of the day.  There were two dinners, a wrap, and I believe a salad special.  She had me hooked with the first thing she read--bleu cheese pasta with steak!  I ordered that and my wife ordered Chicken Angelina.The bleu cheese pasta was made with penne rigate and the steak was grilled, sliced, and placed in strips on top of the pasta.  The bleu cheese sauce was exceptional.  A great bleu cheese bite with every taste and there was extra bleu cheese crumbles spread on the pasta.  My wife chicken Angelina was a seared chicken breast served on top of garlic spinach and mashed potatoes with large pieces of mushroom.  It was topped with artichoke and there was a dijon cream sauce.  She enjoyed it a lot!Although we were both full, we had our minds set on having dessert we had looked at online earlier in the day.  She got a chocolate molten lava cake and I got the chef's indulgence.  Both were outstanding!!!  The menu describes the indulgence this way:  A Cheesecake Spring Roll, Crunchy Bites of Brownie and Mini Banana's Foster Cheesecakes, served with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Fresh Strawberries and House Made Berry, Caramel & Fudge Sauces.  For the single version there's one brownie bite and one mini bananas Foster, but that's more than enough.  There are sweetened tortilla strips on the bottom of the plate.  This is one of the most creative desserts I've seen.  Chef Carlos came to the table twice to check on us and we chatted about the food and what he'd done since he moved to this newer spot.  The restaurant is almost completely closed from the VP bar so there's almost no smoke smell from the bar coming into the restaurant.  I can really see this place coming onto our rotation list of places to go again and again.  I'll call and ask the specials before I go.  What a wonderful gem hidden away in this video poker bar!  And, what a fantastic and creative chef Carlos is.  He cares about his food and his customers.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,12/1/2013,376,187,9,16,14>6 stars. Only 5 stars are showing, but it's 6. Trust me. This review is based on our Restaurant Week dinner. I've given 5 stars to restaurants during this popular foodie week that's held twice a year. Michael Mina, without a doubt, exceeded all of them. Before our dinner night, I realized my boyfriend, who recently went through knee surgery, could not wear slacks due to the leg brace he's required to wear. When I informed Michael Mina, their response was "No problem, we understand." Not only were they completely understanding about his attire, but they didn't hide and seat us in the back by the kitchen. Yes, folks, usually restaurants like this will "dress" their room.Looking at Michael Mina's regular menu, you can immediately tell that the $50.13 RW prix-fix dinner price is an absolutely steal! The entree selections were the Phyllo-Crusted Sole or Beef of Filet. Each one alone was $55+ if ordered ala carte. I was also pleasantly surprised they added the Ahi Tuna Tartare and Lobster Pot Pie ($37 supplement) to the Restaurant Week menu! The Ahi Tuna is originally $26, yet they offered it as a $15 supplement. I spent more than I usually do at this dinner, but seeing the original prices, I thought it was one of the best RW deals I've seen.As far as the food, the Lobster Pot Pie, the Phyllo-Crusted Sole, and the Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies really shined. The Lobster Pot Pie was presented and deconstructed elegantly table side. If you read the other reviews, you already know both these entrees was pretty darn delicious. The Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookies were served warm, gooey on the inside, crispy on the outside. So delicious. These cookies will be what I judge all future cookies against from now on. Service was near perfection. Really. There's many restaurants that give great service. However, there's something to be said that great timing, also. From every fresh glass of iced tea that was brought out, to the fresh table napkin that was replenished when we got up from our seat, doing all this at the precise right time without making you feel like they're hovering over you needs to be given a lot of credit. Our server, Sabin, could tell by our expression how full we were from our main course after it was cleared away. She asked if we wanted to sit and digest before she brought out our dessert course. No worries about turning over her table on a busy Saturday night, or rushing us out.  So, we sat, took our time, chatted, then let her know we were ready to tackle our sweets. We appreciated that. I'm so glad to have tried Michael Mina. Looking forward to the next time I can return...
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,11/30/2013,664,612,8,18,14>Incredible meal and experience!   Bookmarked forever, I finally made it happen with a group because I wanted to try several dishes and needed lots of people.  My best friend from middle and high school came in from Boston for a short weekend visit.  Last year when she visited we went to Komol with Carmin H. and Cole R., and they wanted to join in on our Forte dinner with me and Eric R.  I made reservations for 7:00 and we were seated in the back corner of this artistic and funky restaurant and bar.I ordered prosecco, Carmin H. and Nithya V. ordered angry ginger lemonade cocktails, Cole R. had a giant dark beer of some sort, and Eric R. got sangria.  We then ordered in waves and the food came out quickly and staggered perfectly.  Our server (Christina or Kristina) was fantastic.  She offered us a bread basket that was replenished upon request, served with olive oil and Bulgarian spices.The plates were so intricate and pretty, all the way from Bulgaria.  Our first bite was the Shopska salad, with cucumber, tomato, and lots of Bulgarian feta.  Next was the squid stuffed with baby squids cooked in its own ink served on hot rice.  I loved the rice that came with it, a squeeze of lemon...delicious.  The squid itself was more room temperature but definitely tasty and unique.  On our server's recommendation, we ordered potato dumplings with fried onions.  I was shocked to discover that NIthya V. like my husband did not like potatoes!  Two crazy people exist!  Nevertheless, I went with the rec and all 5 of us ate one.  Both potato haters enjoyed these dumplings!!!!  They were scrumptious.Eric R. ordered one of his fave things, hot meat stuffed grape leaves, also recommended by our grape leaves expert friend Mamie P.  They were very good.  Finally the dreamy bread (kachapuri) came, shaped like a boat filled with cheese, topped with egg, swirled at the table.  I cut this haphazardly into 5 pieces for the table and it was so hot, no wonder the egg cooked on it!  Sooooo good.After watching Triple D, Nithya V. wanted to try the Thoracian clay pot.  We ordered 2 for the table, one with meat and one without.  I ate the no meat one and it was amazing.  The serrano pepper was legit with it, and I liked the combo of the cooked egg, tomato, peppers, and feta.  This is a must order.  Lastly, one of Eric R.'s favorite dishes came out, beef stroganoff.  We have only had this on egg noodles, so the dumpling/ravioli style made this dish unique.  I could taste liquor in the sauce, which can only be a good thing.Overall, every bite of food I put in my mouth was tasty, fresh, and unique.  I would absolutely return with a group of friends to try more.  The vibe is funky, the service great, and the food special - you won't find this anywhere else in Vegas.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/29/2013,328,389,12,20,17>Everyone just shut up and listen to me for a minute!:::::Soy chorizo burritos in Las Vegas:::::Ok, so maybe you don't find this news as exciting as I do but you cannot believe the excitement I have for Taco Taco and their love of vegetarians like me.Until recently, trying to find veg-friendly, authentic, good Mexican food in this town was like going on a quest to find the Fountain of Youth.  It just didn't exist.  Sure, there were places that list "vegetarian" items on their menus, only to tell you that it's full of lard and chicken broth.  Then there are the tex-mex chain restaurants that are veg-friendly but about as authentic as this Italian-Hungarian girl making a burrito.  Taco Taco is The Fountain of Youth.You have your choice of burritos, tacos, bowls, and salads.  Soy chorizo is available, but for more health-conscious vegetarians you can just stick with beans and veggies.  Speaking of beans, they aren't cooked in lard or pork!  Woot!The burritos are large and can be stuffed with tons of ingredients.  The tacos have house-made tortillas that are cooked up the second you order them.  Now here comes a dilemma: do you get the burrito that fits tons of extras like rice and beans or do you go for the tacos with their delicious tortillas?  Life can be so cruel.They also have some special items like soy chorizo tacos that have been grilled (crunchy like a taquito) and topped with spicy salsa and cheese.  Or there are breakfast burritos with potatoes.  Then there's the horchata and Jarritos among the many beverage options.  And did I mention they offer a salsa bar with radishes, pickled veggies, beans, and eight types of salsa??  Don't you worry, meat-eaters, there are plenty of options for you and I'm sure they are just as good as my soy chorizo.Just a heads-up, if you follow them on social media you can stay up to date with specials they will throw from time to time, like 2-for-1 tacos on a random Saturday afternoon or a free corn for checking in.The owners and all the employees are super friendly and helpful.  Despite being on the opposite side of town, I've managed to make the trip out here far too many times.  Rumor has it they are looking for a second location which can be bad news for me if it's near my all my downtown drinking establishments.  Expect me to be 50 pounds heavier if that's the case.Check this place out! And if you're vegetarian, make sure to tell them thanks for thinking about us!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/28/2013,25,240,3,6,5>For National Boss day, or whatever the official name is, my co-workers and I decided we were going to suck up a little bit and take the one in charge to lunch. One of them suggested Kona Grill and what a suggestion it was. Although I did get a thorough look through the menu, I didn't have much choice as to what I was going to order as my co-worker kept raving about the Macadamia Crusted Chicken Breast. It was a flavorful delight and so moist and tender no knife was necessary. The mashed potatoes and vegetables were just as good and bursting with flavor. I added a house salad to my meal which was served with an outstanding vinegrette dressing and crumbled bleu cheese. The server was very friendly and attentive. Our drinks were never empty and she kept pretty good tabs on us, making sure that everything was satisfactory. I am definitely going to have to make a return trip to try the sushi. Three of us added salads to our meal which brought the total to just under ninety bucks. That may be a little on the high side for a non-alcoholic lunch, but it was a high class lunch in an elegant setting and worth every penny. It didn't put off a great "family" vibe and would not be some place I would expect a family to dine, especially if the kids are younger. Save the money and get the kids a happy meal. This is, however, a perfect place for date night and is located just steps away from Total Wine and More. Bonus! I can see many happy return trips in my future.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/27/2013,1040,88,9,21,18>I find myself craving I-naba's soba all the time. I love this place!!!!!Soba noodles are thin, spaghetti-like noodles made from buckwheat, which makes soba noodles protein-rich and full of vitamins...which means ...no guilty conscience! I usually come by myself after the gym to have their zaru, which is just their plain soba noodles that is served with dipping sauce and a side of fried rice. Usually satiates my hunger right after a workout...but there are occasions where I have ordered a second order just because these noodles are that good! After finishing my noodles the server brought a cup of sobayu (the water that was used to cook the soba) to add to the remaining dipping sauce and drink like a soup. This "soup" is supposed to be very good for you and full of vitamins and nutrients from the noodles. On occasions I have taken friends here and tried other items on the menu and have not been disappointed by anything. The miso glazed black cod is great. They also have specials that are inserted into their menus. Service is great. I usually never have to ask for more tea or anything at all besides the check when I am ready for it. They are very attentive. The price in my opinion is fairly cheap for the quality and service that you get. Inaba is a gem...YOU MUST TRY.**** Please notice their hours of operation. They have an off time in between lunch and dinner( 3-5:30 ). I've carelessly driven to I-naba during these hours multiple times:P Hours of operation:Mon-Tue, Thu-Sat 11:30 am - 3 pmMon-Tue, Thu-Sat 5:30 pm - 10 pmSun 11:30 am - 5 pm
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/26/2013,464,819,5,19,15>When it comes to fine dining restaurants Las Vegas can compete with any city. But, what the city lacks (with the exception of Chinatown/Spring Mountain Rd.) is casual, moderately-priced dining spots with excellent food. Hops and Harvest fills that void with Bradley and Bryan Ogden's farm to table concept. The James Beard award winning chef and his son have created a menu full of comfort food with inspired and creative touches like the goat cheese stuffed crepe in the bibb lettuce salad and brought back  items from their former restaurant in Caesars Palace like the blue corn muffins and the Maytag bleu cheese souffle.The short rib nachos are one of my favorite dishes with its great salty and savory flavors. The potato chips do tend to get a little soggy with the sauce  covering them, but the combo of ingredients are so good that the dish won't last long. The pork belly bites are another hit with its sweet and spicy BBQ sauce and cheddar ale sauce. I've tried both the tuna sliders and the crispy chicken sliders and wasn't disappointed either time. The heirloom tomatoes may be a small dish but the combo of tomatoes and bleu cheese was excellent.The bone-in prime rib eye was slightly overcooked but the seasoning and the zinfandel shallot sauce made up for it. I rarely order meatloaf, but the bacon wrapped version here was good enough to make me want to order it again. I've also tried the crab cake dish, which was pretty good, but the star of that dish was the carrot-fennel slaw. It was so good they should offer that up as one of their sides on the menu.The butterscotch pudding and the cinnamon sugar donut holes were both good. Each one is large enough for two people to share.There were only a couple things I wasn't crazy about. The blue corn muffins could have used more salt or something and the polenta bites were bland.Our server, Jessica, was amazing. Each time I've been back I made a point to request a table in her section.I was sad to see Bradley Ogden's place in Caesars Palace close a while back, but now I'm glad he's back and serving up some Strip-quality food in a local's setting.4.5 Stars
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/25/2013,94,151,12,19,18>I have driven past the Eureka Casino a few times and never have given a thought about stopping in.  But, now that Fat Choy is there; I'm going to be a regular.  Hell, I'm going to be the duke of this place.  There is so much on the menu that looked incredible.  And, then to add fluff Ice to the mix... forget it!  Can it get any better, I think not.  The reason that I came was because Shawn put on a UYE here, and many thanks to him for turning me onto this place.  Another thing, Fat Choy is on the East side of town and relatively close to where I live.  That is a huge plus in my book.  So, here was my 5 star experience:It took me about 10 minutes to get to the Eureka Casino, where Fat Choy is.  Here's a tip.  Not the best part of town, so make sure you lock your doors and set your alarm.  But, they have a security guard near the parking lot making sure things are kosher.  Met a group of people and we walked through the casino to get to Fat Choy.  It's a small casino and has a bit of smokiness to it.  Not as bad as I thought it was going to be, but noticeable. But, not at all noticeable in Fat Choy itself. We enter Fat Choy and Jennifer, who waited on us, already had a table set up for us.  She was awesome too.  She wanted to make sure we were all happy and went the extra mile.  We waited for the rest of our group to show up.  There were 10 or so at our table and we also took over a couple of booths.  We totally took over the place.  So, Jennifer came around and took our order and went over it to make sure everything was right.  Told you she went the extra mile.I had the Fat Choy burger.  Incredible.  Look at the picture I added just for the drool.  I was also looking at the other choices others have made.  And, I will be back to try those too.  And, then the fluff Ice came out.  What a great way to end a meal.  And, we even got a complimentary coffee flavored fluff ice.  Extra mile by everyone at Fat Choy.  5 stars for sure.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,11/24/2013,903,497,26,24,21>Yay! I just happen to be their 100th reviewer!First of all, shame on me for not coming here sooner because they have been here at least a year and half in this nice location across from the Cannery Casino. Old School Pizzeria is just that. Old school. They make everything from scratch right in front of you. I ordered the Rosemary Garlic Knots and a Monster slice of The Carnivore. The Rosemary Garlic Knots were exquisite! I have had garlic knots before but these babies are now the standard I will judge others by. Let me describe it. Please have a bib or a napkin ready because you will be drooling. These are not your basic garlic knots. These knots are baked with actual rosemary leaves and real garlic cloves tossed in a light olive oil. I had them sit in the oven a little longer so it would make the outside even more crispy. When you take that first bite, it's comparable to one of those scenes you would see in any basic movie when somebody has a flashback and relives all those fun, awesome times, all in fast forward because by then that first bite is on its way to your stomach. Oh, and don't forget about the ranch dipping sauce that comes with it. Definitely did not come from a bottle. I assume they made it fresh because it was really creamy and made me want to drink it.As for the monster slice of The Carnivore, the description is very fitting. If you refer to my pic, I put a pepper shaker right next to it so you can comprehend its dimensions. Now I have had good thin crust New York style pizza before, but this crust was SOURDOUGH! Now sourdough bread by itself I am into, but as the crust for the pizza? Stupendous! As you can assume by the name, it has all the meats they have available. From my recollection it had sausage, ham, chicken, pepperoni, and bacon. Usually when I get to the end crust, I just put it aside, but this crust was so good especially dipped in the ranch dressing, that it would make other sourdough bread jealous.As an honorary mention, I gotta say that their bathroom is nicely decorated, clean, and has a fresh scent to it. It's so nice that I hope to God that none of those idiot hooligans jack it up with their sharpies and scratch things up. Memo to those low lifes: What kind of jerk are you to vandalize things and make it a sight for sore eyes? Anyways, sorry I kind of strayed off the beaten path there.So now that you got this far in my review, I just want to reiterate one thing. Whatever you get here, make sure the Rosemary Garlic Knots is one of them. The pizza comes in a very close second because it compliments the former. Sometimes, you just gotta go old school! Old School Pizzeria that is!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,11/23/2013,425,246,14,18,14>The Tree of Life Pita Sandwich is one of the best Vegan sandwiches I have ever had!The Bronze Cafe is sandwich & coffee cafe located in The LGBTQ Center.  I don't fall into any of those categories, but completely enjoyed my time at The Center and at the Bronze Cafe.  The staff is delightfully warm, welcoming and helpful. The Pita sandwich I enjoyed comes with roasted red peppers, avocado, mixed greens, tomato, housemade pickled onions, housemade vegan cashew "crema", brazil nut crumble, sunflower seeds, mango cilantro ginger vinaigrette and is served on Pita Flatbread.  The housemade items are amazing!...I loved the pickled onions, cashew crema and the vinaigrette.  The sandwich also had a nice crunch to it.  I tried a couple of their sides, the quinoa and baba ganoush were both solid.  I also heard lots of great comments about their baked goods from others.Don't come here looking for a sit-down restaurant...or patio cafe downtown.  But if you're in the area it is worth stopping in just to eat.ps Check out the bathroom while you're here. I have huge issues with so many of the dichotomies we uphold in our society... the bathroom here is practical and a step in the right direction (in my humble opinion.)
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,11/22/2013,1494,2819,7,19,15>$80 Yoroi Menu:Grape Sake CocktailJack Mackerel in Sweet VinegarSashimi Course:  Bluefin Tuna (Spain,) Ocean Trout (Scotland,) Jack Mackerel, Young Yellowtail (Japan), 3-year aged SoyGrilled Course:  Spanish Mackerel with Miso, Kobe Beef with Kumquat, Flying Fish with SaltSushi:  Deep Sea Porgy, Yellow Grouper, Cornet, King Yellowtail, Triangle, Sea Urchin over Salmon Roe, Sea Eel, Sweet OmeletToro HandrollFish Miso SoupMatchaGreen Tea Cocoa CakeStrawberry Layer CakeThe main event of the evening, a seat at Gen-san's easily missed Kabuto, finally arrived and true to the rumors the $80 Yoroi Menu would not disappoint; easily the best deal on fresh sushi in the Vegas area and, with a focus on edomae-sushi plus fish arriving 4-7x per week from Japan (depending on demand,) a truly authentic experience in a city where 'authenticity' is generally questionable at best.All clean lines and zen, blonde woods and flowers, a small slit window at the entrance and a couple of tables the action here is clearly a seat at the sushi bar and placing oneself in the hands of the itamae in order to bear witness to the incredible knife skills as piece after piece of fish arrives perfect and smooth, the rice fragrant and warm, with ample description of province and the occasional anecdote.  Featuring fresh wasabi, house-made aged soy and creamy miso, plus an extensive sake list and dessert program responsible for the best mille crepe I've had to date my only regret in visiting Kabuto is that I did not book an earlier reservation and order the longer menu; a mistake I'll not make in the future.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,11/20/2013,277,200,9,30,10>I was looking forward to getting home after a long day but when I walked into the house, I immediately felt warm temperature. I ran upstairs to see if the central AC was on and yes it was, but it was blowing warm air. Oh no, I thought! Please, not now, it has been over 100 degrees and it will only get worse. I waited until the morning to call as I do have a portable air conditioner that I could use for instances like this, but when it's over 100 degrees outside, the portable ac that I have will only cool the room, that it is in, down to about 82 degrees.I called Thursday morning and spoke with Rachel. I told her about the issue with my AC and she said the earliest a tech could come out would be Friday. I was fine with that. A couple of hours later I get a phone call from Rachel and she asked if it would be OK to have a tech come out the same day, but I told her I wouldn't be home until later so we decided to just stick with Friday. But then I get another phone call from a gentleman who asked me if I would be home around 5 and I said yes, and he said he could get a tech out around then. I was sooo happy to hear that since I really wanted my AC fixed.Raphael, the technician, called me around 4:30 to confirm that I would be home. He came at 5:00, he asked me a few questions, and went right to work. After diagnosing the problem, he came back, and told us what was wrong, what needed to be done, and the cost to have it repaired. I agreed to the repair. About ten minutes later he was done! I believe he was here for a total of thirty minutes and my central air conditioning unit is now working and blowing cold air. Happy dance!!!Before he came over, I did a little research online to give me an idea of what the cause and cost might be to have it fixed, and I thought the price that they charged me was reasonable.I give them five stars because they really understand the importance of having a working AC in this heat. I highly recommend this company and I will definitely be using them again.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,11/19/2013,283,91,6,12,8>Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 29/100I'm a true outdoor junkie that is taking full advantage of the endless recreational space Las Vegas offers! This park is one of the countless reasons why I LOVE LOVE LOVE living in Vegas. This park is located within the Master Community of Providence (no- it's not gated and visitors from all over are welcomed). The neighborhood and houses that surround this park are simply charming and only enhance the curb appeal and wholesome nature of this park. I'm a regular visitor after recently purchasing a home here in the NW. Knickerbocker offers a running trail (with lighting for night runs), extensive playground areas and equipment for the kiddos, and a wonderful dog park for all the fur-babies! In fact, they just recently added grass to both the large and small dog play areas (which was a welcomed touch)! They also have security that patrol the area at all times (which I appreciate).I will echo Jade W's review and say that the sweeping views of the valley are breathtaking! This feature alone would make a trip worthwhile and take this park over the top. Tip: Visit at dusk or night and soak in the beauty.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/18/2013,191,302,4,9,8>I was suffering for about a week with trapezius strain and really needed a massage to get the kinks out. I was barely able to move my neck,  shrug my shoulders or even carry my purse. Yeah it was that bad. I swear I hold all my tension in my upper back/shoulders. I also admit, I am guilty of bad posture which doesn't help. I chose John because of the positive reviews on Yelp, the fact that he is board certified, and it was one of the closest places to my home. I called and was able to get an appointment the next day for a one hour deep tissue massage. Just FYI -  Swedish massage is $45/hr, deep tissue is $60/hr which is very exceptional considering his skill set. Given that I had specific problems, I booked in as a 1 hour deep tissue. I arrived at his location which is based out of his home. I let him know what my issues were and he was able to pinpoint the problem areas -  including spots that I didn't know that contributed to the problem like the sternocleiodmastoids, the scalenes and the insertion points at the base of the occiput. This was definitely beyond my expectations. Literally within 2-3 days,  my pain gone and my range of motion was back to normal. I told my massage therapy buddy in Calgary and she was super impressed (she is also a board certified massage therapist with ART certification as well). The first thing she said after I told her about my experience was she wanted me to book a massage with him next time she is in town!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,11/17/2013,216,391,9,13,14>Smoothies with boba!!!  The best thing to do with boba is to shoot them out of the straw at people, it sticks!  But this place is actually good!  I'm very impressed, especially with the location being out in the northwest of the Las Vegas valley.  If you're a smoothie fan, smoothie boba fan, this is a must stop at least once visit!  Can I call this place a mom and pop shop?  Or should I just call this a Vegas gem instead?  Whatever, it's good.They'll make it to your satisfaction also.  They'll pour out a little bit into a cup and have you sample your selection to see if it's just right, too sweet, not flavorful, or simply not right and will make it for you again.  So far in my experience they've hit the ball out of the ballpark each time.  They also have stamp cards so you can build up stamps and earn a free drink after so many stamps.I haven't tried the food yet but the smoothies alone gets a high rating from me.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,11/16/2013,97,362,4,9,7>J'adore le pain....et les biscuits....et les gateaux....et les croissants....Great French bakery that serves up goodies with a smile.  La Belle Terre offers artisan breads, pastries, and "real food" (quiche, sandwiches, soups) with flair.  On my maiden visit a few days ago, I sampled the "Normand" sandwich (turkey breast, Brie, apple, walnuts) and it was very good.  The bread tasted like it came out of the oven a few hours ago: chewy, soft, yeasty, yum.  I also enjoyed the Baby Rasta, an original chocolate meringue cookie sandwich topped with (vanilla) meringue "dreadlocks".  Magnifique!  For takeaway, I selected a few macarons (blueberry and passion fruit), chocolate chip cookies, and a cranberry roll.  All were gone far too quickly!I am returning to try the quiche.  :)If you haven't already, pay a visit to La Belle Terre.  You'll enter and exit with a smile on your face because how can anyone be sad in a bakery?
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/15/2013,156,125,10,17,14>If anyone has ever seen the Korean drama Coffee Prince, then you'll really enjoy Serenade. Everything about this place reminds you of a coffee shop in Korea from the atmosphere to the employees, minus the fact that you're in a dry, hot desert.The place itself is very cute with a tiny stage (I'm assuming they have live music) at a corner and the coffee area at another. There are seats outside also if it ever gets crowded. I came on a Sunday afternoon and the place was actually quite empty. I was greeted by 2 male baristas (very good looking might I add) and they were very patient in answering my questions. I'm definitely not an expert on coffee so I went with a iced green tea latte. I noticed that their menu included some dessert items (cakes, waffle), teas, juice/smoothies, and also bingsu aka Korean shaved ice so I'll definitely be back for those. The barista seemed very knowledgeable in preparing my green tea latte (I think). No chunks of powder or anything (ahem like Starbucks) and the matcha taste was very strong. The price was about $4.50 which is a little high but I would pay that for the atmosphere. Overall, this is a great place to come by and hang out with friends or even bring a date. They open until 2am in the morning for those who are still up and need a caffeine fix.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,11/14/2013,135,529,7,15,11>Local produce. Love it. I love a good sandwich, and after looking over the pictures on Yelp, I needed to try one of each. I ended up getting the Greek Pide (pronounced pee-day), it was like a Greek salad in a doughy basket. It was delicious. Also snuck a meatball slider off my friends plate, that was equally good. To balance my lunch and to make myself feel better, I order one of their fresh squeezed green juices. They have plenty of juice/smoothie options.I love the salads here, you can order by the scoop, and it's so cheap! I had a full plate (only two scoops) and it was $5.68. Right! What a great family owned cafe, at the corner of Rainbow/Tropicana.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,11/13/2013,465,217,10,22,19>This place is great. I can't believe I've never been here before. I've been severely missing out. Old Vegas charm meets unglamorous dive bar. Perfection. This place gets it. Liam (Door staff) is one of the most genuinely nicest guys in town. He proves that you don't have to be a douche to control the door. **Other bars take note!!I was told it's the oldest bar in Vegas, but technically there's a bar that's been open (consecutively) longer. I haven't been to that bar either, so as far as I'm concerned this is the oldest. I love the old style memorabilia. Bathrooms are surprisingly clean. This place rocks! Drinks are cheap and delicious. I was a little hesitant to order a dirty martini in a such a distinct dive bar, but I couldn't stop my mouth from saying the words. Not to worry, because it came out perfect. Absolutely perfect. Everyone is extremely friendly. Our waitress was adorable and attentive. She told me her name, but of course I forgot.Patio:  Unfortunately the view isn't that great.. right now you are just facing a dirt lot, but it's still spacious and nice to have the option.  Pros: Bike rake. I'm new to biking, so I'm on the lookout for downtown bars with bike racks. I didn't see a liquor store section, but apparently you can buy some of the bottles from behind the bar.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,11/12/2013,1362,984,7,18,19>After hearing about Chef Marc's latest restaurant in Henderson, we took a little drive over there.  We called the original Novecento to confirm that they were indeed open. (Apparently, there was a soft opening going on the Thursday and Friday before where free pizzas were given out!)On the Saturday we went, they had a BOGO Margherita pizza special going on.  The Margherita pizza was $8.99 each and toppings were $1 extra each.  They come out to about 10". We added toppings to one and kept the second one standard.  Since the staff are still training, we did notice that both pizzas came out quite different. Chef Marc came over to chat with us and he noticed our pizzas too. This is when things got exciting...He invited us to the back to learn how to make a proper Napoletana (Neapolitan) pizza! No way! So the Husband washed up and headed into the kitchen and that's when we got a real education about this style of pizza.  I am far from an expert on pizza, but after the schooling we got, we were looking at pizza in a whole new way!He explained how their dough is made and how long it sits, and demonstrated on how it's supposed to get pulled and stretched to just the right consistency. Then it's off to their fresh tomato sauce and the various toppings.  And a swirl of olive oil at the end is mandatory. And finally it goes into their 1000 degree oven and voila! the perfect Napoletana pizza!But wait, there's more! You don't cut this kind of pizza! You pull the crusty edges and dip it into the tasty center where all the flavors have pooled together.  And when all the crust is gone, you get a knife and fork and eat it with utensils!! (I knew I wasn't the weird one for wanting to eat my pizza with a fork and knife all the time. And plus, there's never any wasted crust now!)This pizza was pretty damn good and it made a huge difference having Chef Marc's passion and expertise in it. The whole experience was five stars!When you go, be sure to tell them not to cut your pizza and bring on the knife and fork. You're going to eat this Napoletana pizza the way it was meant to be eaten!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/11/2013,400,1236,12,22,20>My friend had been talking about this place for a while, so we finally got the chance to meet up for a snow cone. They are located in the back corner of a parking lot, just behind the Shell gas station on Eastern and Sunridge Heights. Service was friendly and they offered us up as many samples as we wanted to try before committing to a flavor. I was initially interested in trying the caramel corn flavor but it was a little too sweet for me, so I opted for a fruitier option with grapefruit and added sour spray to make it a little tangier. My friend Sam opted for pear and we were both incredibly pleased with our snowcones. They were a little on the sweet side, but I think that was mostly due to them having used a little too much flavoring on the kid's size. I'll have to try a larger size next time and I'm really interested in trying their freckled frog next time for a zero calorie option that is lemon juice, salt and chile limon. According to their web site none of their flavors are made with high fructose corn syrup. Also, make sure to check out their Facebook page for specials and double punch stamp days.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,11/10/2013,335,920,11,16,14>I just got done with one of those intense workouts at 24hr Fitness.  I admit, I was so spent after the session that I was barely awake by the time we were done. Then I hear the words "baby, I'm taking you to paradise tonight".  Well, that's one way to wake me up with the quickness. Only obvious with what I was thinking.  But moted I was. The gurlpren meant she's taking me to Paradise Boba Tea and Smoothie for our post workout treat.  Hah...good trick to boost my energy and it worked.  Paradise is a family owned business that sells boba, milk teas, smoothies, and even some food.  I didn't even know this place existed, but it's here.  Here in Summerlin tucked in the shopping center across from 24hr Fitness.  The owners here are so nice and even threw some compliments our way. And who doesn't love compliments?  Well anyways, I had their Mocha & Peanut Butter Smoothie w/Boba. The combination of mocha and peanut butter meant a really sweet treat.  I thought it was also too thick, but that should be expected, especially with the flavors I chose.  The boba was warm and silky smooth, which only enhanced the smoothie.  Overall, not bad at all and for an additional cost, you can even have whey protein added to it. But I didn't stop there. I had to try their spam masubi.  The spam masubi was a little small, but still packed a punch with flavor.  In other words, I wasn't disappointed with it.  I'm giving Paradise 4 stars for location, service, and taste.  Smoothies w/Boba:  yelp.com/user_local_photMocha & Peanut Butter Smoothie w/Boba:  yelp.com/user_local_photTinidor:  yelp.com/user_local_photSpam Masubi:  yelp.com/user_local_phot
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,11/9/2013,563,342,10,11,12>Two Words = Great Service.Everyone is super nice at this restaurant and that in itself sets them apart from many restaurants in Vegas.1 star = Quick assembly line, and every one behind the glass is super nice and friendly. What a great way to start a meal!2 stars = The owner introduced himself, let us try some meats, and made sure we were enjoying our meal! Now that's how you handle business and return customers!3 stars = Kalua pig flavor = bombtastic. Explodes in your mouth with flavor and does not taste anything like a fast food staple. 4 stars = COCONUT BARK = to die for. I wish this restaurant was closer to home so I can always have a refill on my coconut bark. They are $3.50 a bag but so worth it and it comes with a lot. But definitely hate to share, so get your own! Haha!Lacks the 5th star only because my tacos and fiance's burrito was tearing apart as we were eating them. Must be the strategy in wrapping and filling that needs to be worked on as the restaurant is fairly new. But all in all, great place for fast food, chipotle Hawaiian style goodness!That coconut bark though! Ugh...it haunts me!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/8/2013,402,113,12,21,16>My newest obsession! I almost don't want to write a review because I want to keep this little spot all to myself. Though the tiny obscure sign helps disguise the restaurant quite well hehe. Look for the small "Noodle Pot" oval next to a looming sign in Chinese. This restaurant tastes like...home. I always thought my mother didn't cook any specialty dishes (sorry for hating in the past, mom) but now I realize that everything she made for us was traditional Taiwanese style dishes! Which is exactly what this restaurant sells. You MUST go with the spicy beef noodle soup! The soup is hearty and rich in beef flavor. It is also heavier on the tomato side which some beef noodle soup enthusiasts might not be accustomed to, though it's exactly how my grandma makes it. The noodles they use are perfectly chewy, slightly wavy and neither too thin or thick and the beef chunks are tender and savory. It comes with plenty of baby bok choy and pickled mustard and cilantro. For the side dishes I would recommend anything marinated! The cucumbers are garlicky, crunchy and refreshing while the cabbage is deliciously sour and spicy. My mouth is starting to water right now. Another must order is the beef wrap which is a thin green onion egg pancake wrapped around marinated beef slices, cilantro, and what seems like oyster sauce.  BUT THAT'S NOT ALL! You definitely need to order the chili oil wontons too. And all their dumplings are made in house. And finally the green bean (sweet mung bean, not the string variety) drink to top it all off! Noodle Pot is Taiwanese comfort food perfection.P.S. More waitresses please. That is all.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,11/7/2013,133,60,24,13,13>This is the kind of establishment where the person who's a 2 at 10 is a 10 at 2.....I'll let that marinate for a bit.  Okay Okay, Let me spell it out for you - if you want to get laid, bring your date here.  Or arrive solo and chat up the mona lisa to your left.  Before you know it these candy like concoctions will have a Potion No. 9 effect....The atmosphere is cut right out of a Hawaiian island travel brochure complete with puffer fish lighting.  It's super dark with comfy seating including a bar of video poker machines for all you degenerate gamblers.  If the bar isn't your style, there's a tiki-like hut with a rounded bench area plus some other freestanding tables for groups of four or less.  The crowd is super eclectic with a really chill vibe.Every specialty cocktail is $9.  The menu is awesome because it gives a clear description of each cocktail along with a potency meter. Three skulls is less potent while five skulls are the drinks you give to the uptight girl you've been hanging out with for half a year all while being in the friend zone.The only down-side to this bar is the smokiness level on a scale of 1-10 is a 12. When you take the "Walk of Shame" tomorrow morning, wearing the same clothes from last night, you will smell like a walking ashtray.  Other than that you'll be happy because you got laid and you're finally outta the friend zone.  Or you wake up at 10 with a 2. Either way it was a good night.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/6/2013,229,118,7,18,11>Finally! I can wake up feeling beautiful :)LOL! Or at least that is every girl's dream. I was doing research on getting my lashes done and I stumbled upon A Touch of Lash. I did call the business number and did not receive an answer, but if you listen to the message then it does say that they could be with a client at the moment. Understandable. Would you want them to answer calls while they are working on YOUR lashes? I ended up texting the number and received a response in a decent amount of time. Natalie responded and answered all of the questions (plus, gave me some very useful information) that I had so I felt comfortable booking my reservation. A Touch of Lash is located inside of Studio Salon on the second floor of that complex. As I walked in, I instantly felt comfortable. Natalie greeted me and showed me all of the different styles in their look book so she could make sure that what I was happy with the end results. She explained what the process was going to be like and assured that we would go over aftercare. I chose the silk full set, because I wanted something more dramatic than the lashes that I have now. We begin! They will apply a tape to keep your bottom lashes out of the way and just make sure to keep your eyes closed during your service. Then she started doing her magic! Natalie was soooooo fun and easy to talk to! :) for the first half hour we definitely conversed a lot, but then I started to feel sleepy so I took my nap. Her technique is amazing and you could barely feel a thing. I was drifting in and out of sleep so everytime I was "awake" she checked up on me and made sure I was completely comfortable. When I woke up and she handed me that mirror, WHOA BABY! Who is that girl?! What an amazing difference eyelashes make on your face. After I was done admiring my lashes, she went over aftercare with me and advised about fills. It has been a few days and a few other times I got my lashes done elsewhere they started falling out almost immediately. But not here! These ladies know what they are doing and pricing is reasonable compared to other places. I will definitely be back!!THANK YOU NATALIE! :)
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,11/5/2013,298,217,18,18,18>If I had a small child, I'd bring them to play here... (Old western theme playground, covered wagon play structure, slides, swings and even a water play area).If I had a dog, I'd walk him here... (tons of pop bags throughout the park)If you challenged me to horseshoes, I'd beat you here... (several horseshoe pits)If you challenged me to a game of volleyball, you *might* beat me here... (nets provided, bring your own ball, cuz I don't have one)If you wanted to have a contest to see who could roll down the hill fastest, I'd stand at the top and watch you look silly, here... (grassy hills and tons of area to picnic and play)If you wanted to start your morning with a 3 mile walk, we'd lose track walking laps here... (nicely paved walking paths, but they are somewhat short, I have no idea how many laps would equate to a mile)If you wanted unobstructed views of the entire valley, we'd hike the exploration Trail here... (2,846-foot-high Exploration Peak with walking and bike trails)If you want to make friends with a security guard on a bike, you'll find him here... (I swear, he's the friendliest guard I've ever seen. He seems to know EVERYONE)If you had a birthday, I'd rent a pavilion and host your surprise party here... (unless you'd want there to be alcohol, in which case it'd be at my place. SURPRISE!)
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,11/4/2013,4974,721,16,25,21>We walked in here without a reservation on a Saturday night and ate at the bar.  I am super late on the Honey Salt bandwagon.  So much so that I might as well be writing a review on this cool new show called "Breaking Bad".  I mean, the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich has similar qualities to meth...so I've heard anyways.  The creamless corn soup intrigued my wife the most and she loved it.  The charred kernels and arugula oil was kind of a shock at initial taste but it grew on her quickly and she already plans to order it the next time we're there.  I got "My Wife's Favorite Salad" consisting of duck confit, arugula, frisée, pine nuts, roasted bing cherries, and a farm fresh poached egg.  This was terrific and I only wished there was even more duck but I am sure everyone feels that way.  I thought the mix of flavors were really good.  We split the Colorado Lamb porterhouse for the entree.  It came with bacon sofrito, pea tendrils, roasted fingerling potatoes, and balsamic reduction.  I'd never had lamb prepared this way and thought it was quite creative.  The lamb was a little more done than I wanted it to be but it was still juicy.  Like all good porterhouses, I found myself gnawing on the bone with my bare hands at the end.  Our super friendly (and fellow Red Sox fan from Andover, MA) bartender lightly twisted our arm into getting "The Brookie" for dessert which the menu describes "chocolate chip cookie meets chocolate fudge brownie, with vanilla bean ice cream".  You should definitely try this if you like but are really tired of chocolate lava cake.  I feel so jaded typing that last sentence.  Overall it was great.  What's not to like about this spot?
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,11/3/2013,390,337,6,11,10>Wow.I tried this place on a whim, and was NOT disappointed.It's larger than you expect.  It's tucked away in some tiny mall, out of the way, and completely unassuming.  Inside, the place is surprisingly HUGE, and very homey.  You can tell the place has been there for a while.For starters, we got hooked up with a nice slice of pumpkin bread.  It's not overly sweet, but it has a nice amount of spice to make it incredibly tasty.  Then the meal came.  The missus got chicken fried steak, and it was delicious.  I got lobster eggs benedict.  Honestly, I was expecting something lame and wimpy, as every restaurant thinks a few little sprinkles of shredded lobster here and there suffices in any related meal.What I got was CHUNKS.  Big, wonderful chunks of tasty sweet lobster on both parts, and the entire experience was just awesome.  I more than got what I paid for.Prices are great, service is fast, the staff is friendly, and the wait time to be seated was surprisingly short.  It was nice to eat in  place that had a little personality, and you could tell they've been around for a while.  After eating breakfast there, I could see why.This weekend, "whims" paid off, and I have a new place to frequent.  It's nice to know that I can still find "new" things in the neighborhood.Recommended.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,11/2/2013,682,135,8,15,9>Having postponed getting my watch battery replaced for several months, I finally got off work early to swing by this little place tucked in Summerlin.  I was greeted immediately by the owner Alberto, who was very courteous and pleasant.  Upon presenting my watch, he went to work immediately and had the battery replaced within 10 minutes.  He cited that he only purchases the "freshest" batteries so he assured me the battery would be of the highest quality (usually good for 2-3 yrs) and also gave me a card with a one-year warranty included.  Also appreciated the fact that he set the date and time upon returning the watch and charged me 10 dollars for battery and services rendered.  Start to finish, very professional and very reasonably priced.  Small business owner who takes great pride in his work, major credit cards accepted.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,11/1/2013,366,699,5,9,9>Chili Mint Chicken - medium heat, a side salad with ginger dressing and an egg roll, and if I'm having a stressful day a glass of Chai Tea. While Thai food gives one ample opportunities to try something new, sometimes you just want comfort food. When that's what I need my car finds it's way to Komol for lunch, and for over a year now I get the comfort food I crave. Now once in a while they have an off day and I grumble about it, but a return trip always ends up with things going right again. I quickly realize how lucky I am to know of this wonderful place in the shadow of their overrated and over priced competitor that's right across the parking lot. You can't go wrong eating at Komol. It's family run, they take care of their customers, and the food is consistently great. (I just realized as I was writing this that my first visit to Komol was 6/20/2012...and since that time I've been there at least 30 times. My feet and my debit card keep coming back...really what other endorsement speaks louder than repeat patronage!). Back to 5 Stars. Seriously...they've earned it. (Plus if Jessie B or Jaime W. recommend it, it's always good...this was a Jessie B. recommendation that I'm so glad I listened to!)
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/31/2013,471,470,10,16,13>Oh yea Wo Fat is GOOOD. Whoever first told me about them in my pre-yelp days never told me they were this good but thanks Nik O. for jogging my faint memory of them and finally giving them a shot.Don't be scared of places like Wo Fat, which give you the rundown feel, I use to but not anymore. How else would we know about Oyster Sauce Chicken yelp.com/biz_photos/wo-f Don't remember to get them with Cake Noodles, I did, but still very delicious without.  The portion was plentiful. One scoop of rice and lots of Oyster Sauce Chicken, my kind of rice to non-rice food ratio.Service wise they'll bring out some complimentary tea and fell you're drink etc. It was OK nothing bad. Price wise they have some cheap lunch specials starting at $5.50. yelp.com/biz_photos/wo-f All of the items are pretty reasonable priced. Interior is cluttered and kind of matches the exterior but does have booths and round tables to seat a good number of people and it did get a good number of people there the 2 times there.I'll make it to this East Vegas location just for more Oyster Sauce Chicken. I want to also go back and try this Stuff Duck that I saw in the pics.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,10/30/2013,236,327,8,11,10>SHAVE ICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!Family dinner night with my brother guys and noticed For Goodness Shake on the way too Famous Dave. Since none of us has been here and know it use too be yogurt shop long time ago. We made sure left some room for dessert too check it out. Talk about making a fabulous first impression not only friendly, welcoming, and just feel the passion these local business owners. They actually have Shave Ice! I never noticed on the menu till they pointed it out plus he noticed my local motion tank top. Next thing you know talking stories about Shave Ice back in the 808. He mention Matsumoto. I am not fan of but showed me this guy knows da real kine of shave ice. The machines they were using too make the Shave Ice on point japanese style and cut of ice was spot on. They even put it in same style plastic cup get when ordering Shave Ice back home. It nice size portion too. My only problem is wish they have more flavor syrups (still nothing like back home) not just your basic strawberry, grape, etc. Also came too toppings more like no toppings so basically pretty straight forward Shave Ice. Still for just being straight forward nice knowing that they shave the ice DA RIGHT WAY! Vegas summer or Extreme Heat Warning Days nothing better then Shave Ice and BONUS not in Henderson but on the right side of town. lol My nieces ordered the Shave Ice. I did try scoop just cause its Shave Ice.I ordered one of the shakes. Strawberry shortcake shake. It was pretty good. It had nice strawberry flavor but also taste cake or just this heaviness too the shake with whatever it is they put in it. For sure I found it was a filling shake. They have lot more signature think call them shake plus another side of smoothies. Also in the middle of the menu you can come up with your own shake. My brother ordered one. Not sure what he came up with but he was happy with it! Shake and Shave Ice would say are winnahs!! If the smoothie taste anything like the other two you wont be disappointed! They have couple patio tables outside. SInce its the summer weather not exactly ideal place too kick back. Option. I like the interior design like kid family feeling too it. The menu are both electronic so easy too read. If you have questions the staff here is very informative and helpful. They checked up on us once we got Shave Ice and Shake asked how things tasted Each shake they contribute back too Three Squares. Deserves LOVE giving back too the community. Not very big place but since new should be fine. Just hope For Goodness Shake stand the test of time because with this location place has changed few times. Shave Ice count on me coming back for more....
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/29/2013,367,459,15,19,18>These were probably the best burgers I've ever had. I came here with my parents because it had been in my bookmarks forever and we were heading to Boulder City anyway and blah blah blah and it was dollar PBR night. I don't think I've had a drink that cost a dollar since I moved to Nevada. Yeah, that's right, I drink Peebers, don't you judge me.Anyway, onto the food. My dad ordered the Dillinger (delicious brisket on top of the burger with BBQ sauce), my mom got the babyface (brie cheese and fig jam on top of the burger) and I opted for the veggie standard of the portabella mushroom sandwich, topped with red peppers and added avocado. Hell to the yes, each one was more incredible than the last. I also opted for sweet potato fries, which I enjoyed, but they had a brown sugar/maple thing on them, which made them very sweet. This is the kind of place I ache for in Vegas, but just doesn't exist. I can't wait for my return visit!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,10/28/2013,145,143,12,12,12>Stephano's is my latest addiction.   If the government ever outlawed mediterranean food I'd be like Bubbles from the Wire, walking the streets of Las Vegas looking for a hit of Gyro to "scratch the itch".   Thankfully it hasn't come to that and I can instead legally swing by Stephano's every few days (sometimes daily, it's come to that before) for a fix before the withdrawal symptoms set in.I've tried several menu items.  My favorite overall item is probably just the gyro rice bowl.   It's basically a bowl of rice with several pieces of gyro meat and a small side of israeli salad (which always consists of seemingly fresh tomatoes and cucumbers) and some pita bread (white or wheat).   I think the portion size is perfect with the rice bowls as opposed to the plates which should only be used for feeding large families.   Okay that's a lie as I still from time to time will order a plate because really the food is so good I always want more even when I finish.   That's probably a medical disorder that I just admitted to you all, but I like these reviews to have that extra special personal touch to them.    The plates are a little more expensive, and are loaded with more meat, more rice, more everything essentially and some hummus to boot!   I can highly recommend the gyro plate, and also tried one of the mixed skewer plates with chicken and lamb, and everything was great.   On occasion I also will just get a straight up gyro or the "cheese gyro" which is the same but with feta.   Stephano's makes an excellent version of this classic.  The gyro meat, obviously the driving force, is always tender, juicy, and full of flavor.  They don't skimp on the meat either.  I usually get an order of feta fries with those, and don't be fooled by the order sizes of "small" or "large".    The small is large and the large is unconscionable.  Even if you're sharing with another, the small will do.   The only item I've ordered that I wasn't a huge fan of was the chicken shawerma wrap.   I found the mix of tahini and garlic sauce to be overpowering and the chicken was overcooked.  It may have just been a one-time thing, but I haven't tried it again.   The other items that I mentioned above have more than made up for it.   I can safely say that if you stick with the dark meat, you'll be okay (someone less civilized than I could make a joke about Kim Kardashian here)So whether you're jonesin' for falafel or just out for a one-time recreational usage of Tzatziki, let Stephano's be your pusher.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,10/27/2013,154,668,11,19,9>There has been a whole lot of chatter in the work space recently about what was initially called the Road Kill Grill but what I now know is John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill ( not even gonna abbreviate this one).  I mark this day 09/26/13, a day of BBQ spiritual revival when several weeks of talk became a reality.Not knowing what to expect, I listened to veterans prepare me as we went to all place, McDonalds. What the hell does Mickey D's have to do with this review?! I will tell you.  It was to pick up cheap beverages  prior to our arrival.  John Mull's Meats & Road Kill Grill has beverages allows you to bring whatever you like to drink.....more on that later.I picked up my partner and he and I while driving north bound on Rancho, made a left on Gowan, and then a left on Thom to arrive at the Eden of Flame Cooked Protein.  You can't miss it from there.As we pulled into the gravel parking lot, we both said to each other..."What the F#$& is this place?"  Surreal given it's been around since the 40's,, and who knows how many animals have given their lives to making meat eating people happy.The group rallied up and we went inside.  The inside is a combination food line on the left and butcher shop on the right.  Given the atmosphere after seeing a stuffed coyote and and skull with small antlers ...Garett A. later said and I quote "It's a man cave of meat."  With that said, you don't eat in the man cave, you dine outside.On this particular outing, I ordered up a three meat combo consisting of the following:Meats: Pulled Pork, Brisket, Tri-Tip (Tuesday & Thursday).Sides:  Baked Beans & Mac & Cheese.When I picked up and paid for my chow ($20 w/ tip), I sat and ate in silence, trying to eat everything while it was still hot.  The meat was outstanding.  My favorite was the Tri-Tip.  The sides were outstanding.  Mac & Cheese was so damn cheesy.  The baked beans were hearty and not like the commercial grade can beans you get in a grocery store or someone's backyard BBQ.The word around the gravel parking lot is John has free beer on Saturdays.  Nothing would be finer to complement the fantastic grub on a Saturday this a few barley sodas!It is 11:11PM and I am still stuffed/satisfied from a truly glorious lunch.  I can't wait to go back.  Check it out!!!.... youtube.com/watch?v=tE6p   It starts at 11:01
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,10/26/2013,381,465,8,9,8>All aboard the hype train! Daisho has earned it.I was a little hesitant to give this place a try after reading about Nelson Q's sub-stellar experience, but Jenn P. was pretty enthused and convinced our group to go. After a quick workout to get the juices flowing, I met up with everyone at this new potential mecca. Even though it was early in the afternoon, I had an idea (from another AYCE place) to ask if we could pay the dinner AYCE price so that we could access the more lucrative menu items. They said yes, so we said yes. Well worth it, as I'll explain.A few miscellaneous things to note: HD feeds are available on the TVs, one at the bar and one in a corner. The menus, at the time of this review, are marked with both # and * signs, and the # signs only indicate that food may not be cooked blah blah warning. The * signs are the 1 per person, dinner-only items, and that includes black miso cod, the two types of kama, oysters and some other items. And yes, they have fresh wasabi, so ask!We loaded up on appetizers and one-per-person items in the first round. Our server was so thoughtful as to repeat every single item of our large order, and he did the same thing on all the subsequent orders. I'm giving big brownie points since not everyone, no matter the type of restaurant, will do this. (Disclaimer: you may not get the same server. Sorry.)The speed could've been better. We were definitely hungry, and it took a while for them to start bringing out the items. It's not like the place was packed - maybe four other parties? But I suppose there's a decent amount of cooking time needed for a lot of the appetizers, and I see the logic in bringing out the appetizers first. After all, they're appetizers. We weren't unhappy at all after the food started coming out though.The presence of yakitori appetizers is pretty awesome. We just ordered yakitori items involving bacon, which will play an important role near the end of this review. Bacon enoki was brought out first, and it was beautiful. It's just a massive mouthful of mushroom and meat mounted on a skewer. Don't be appalled at the alliteration. Also, we thought the okura in the bacon okura was okra, but apparently it's asparagus. I expect some interesting odors later tonight...The star appetizer, however, had to be the miso black cod. That sweetness with the moist fish and the distinct saltiness was a relevation. The yellowtail collar was a close second, and it was also tender and not overdone or burnt. I'll have to try the salmon kama next time - we just didn't get around to trying that one. Oysters, mmm... forgot to max out on fried oysters, but did max the fresh oysters. I suppose if one appetizer was a letdown, it was the the snow crab tempura. It's surprisingly  good, but it's still imitation crab, so I would have appreciated a warning of some sort.All the usual suspects were represented on the nigiri menu. We ended up with blue crab, uni, amaebi, super white, fatty albacore, yellowtail, garlic tuna, salmon, and unagi. The latter was surprisingly not as dry as I've experienced at other places. As with the appetizers, most of these were good or great experiences, although this was certainly not the best uni I've had by far (sorry, Michael K). I think the amaebi was a bit softer than I'd like, but it had no off flavors and wasn't mushy.The last non-desserts we ordered were some rolls without rice. We took the Wildfire, a 6 piece semi-spicy "roll" of albacore on tuna, and the Las Vegas roll, with came in a hollowed cucumber "wrap." Both were pleasant, and I'll definitely try the other ones next time so that I can get away from the all-too-filling rice.Here's the story you don't want to miss. So we still had some bacon uzura (quail eggs) sitting around at the time that we had our desserts brought out. (Did I mention that our server was nice enough to have the dessert delayed until we had finished our rolls? What a guy. Anyway...) I had only finished some of the bacon uzura (aka breakfast without the toast) when our banana splits were presented to us, so I did what any reasonable person would do. I unwrapped the bacon and put it on top of my banana split. The picture should be available here for your viewing pleasure. You're welcome, food hackers of the world.By the way, it was pretty good, although I would've like the bacon to be more crispy and less chewy. Take what you can get, I suppose.I did not find any critical errors that truly detracted from the deliciousness of the AYCE feast. I enjoyed most if not all of my food. That's enough for five stars from me. I guess I'm a little easy, but given some of my qualms coming in, I could not be happier.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2013,10/25/2013,693,1125,6,15,11>I browse the app from time to time to see if there is anything new in my area (though doubt it) and get excited when something different pops up that proves me wrong. I see a Thai place and am intrigued and became even more excited seeing two people I trust (Dan and Amanda) reviewed it. Hopped into the car to try something new than the same ole' take out and fast food open late night. This Thai food kitchen is integrated as part of Bailey's Bar which definitely is odd and not what you would expect. You sit at this typical divey bar except the menu has Thai. If you sit at the bar they have a bar menu of sorts with things like burgers mixed with the Thai, but ask for a full Thai menu. On the night we were there (Friday), it was bumping with karaoke which added more to the odd placement. The fact that the original owner of Komol is running this place make it even more bizarre, but a promise of some good food.We both got Thai ice teas and at $1.25 this is the cheapest I've seen this drink being sold and it was good and not too sweet.Pad Kee Mao with Pork - I think this was pretty good, decent flavor and perfect amount of spice. The pork was good quality and tender. Tofu Panang - this is a far more fragrant panang than most places do, definitely like Komols. If you love keffir leaf/ lemongrass type flavor then you might highly enjoy its presence here. The serving was generous and the tofu was lightly fried on the outside but nice and silky inside. Definitely ate this up.Serving sizes were more than generous as well for the price, we had some leftovers. It was $21ish for our meal for 2 drinks, 2 entrees, 1 extra rice. They do lunch specials until 3pm Mon- Fri as well, so you can get some noms on the cheap here. The server was very friendly and attentive. Considering we were on the other side of the bar in a booth, I was apprehensive if we would be seen, but she anticipated our needs and made rounds to check on us. Eating in a smokey bar not your thing? Take it to-go and they also do delivery! Definitely a great addition to the NW as we don't have a Thai place abundance here, but excited it seems to be authentic and quality Thai at that. I think we will end up getting a lot of take out from here since it's on the way home. Highly pleased with my inaugural visit with the quality of food and can't wait to try the rest of the menu.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/23/2013,615,292,10,23,21>I loved the Commonwealth: in all honesty, I was concerned it was going to be too hipstery for me, but the crowd was mixed and fun. Also, the guys at the door were sweet.  Inside, there were photographs hanging and strewn about the tables and the photographer was on hand to sign them and taking photos during the evening. You were invited to take snapshots you liked. The decor is dark and comfortable with cool paintings, low tables and wingback chairs to sit and enjoy a drink/chat. There is waitress service at the tables. Started with their Moscow Mule aka "She's My Ride Home" it was not my favorite version, but it was good. Norma Jean was a great waitress and kept on top of our drinks and water. We were able to go into The Laundry Room (another review) and when we came out, went upstairs for more drinks and dancing on the roof. Really loved the atmosphere and vibe up there, and tried the Blood and Sand (very good!) They had misters going hardcore to the point we were getting soaked, but I prefer to be cool over hot, so it was fine. They make some creative cocktails, so the price does not bother me. Quality is there. Between the three different options to choose from to the overall vibe, I can see why this is a DTLV staple and definitely will return. Very chill place to relax, dance or gain access to a hidden speakeasy if you are lucky...Yelp 100 Challenge
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,10/22/2013,239,125,18,17,20>I finally understand what it means to be a crack addict and why it's so hard to quit - withdrawal is a bee-yoootch, and that's exactly how I've been feeling the last few weeks as I went without any SnowFlake (née Frost Bites) fix. The menu stays pretty faithful to what Mike and Will were previously offering out of their original truck in Hendertucky in a self-guided, 4-step ordering process, though it looks like now that they're in a permanent venue they're offering more toppings.1. Choose a size,2. Choose a flavor,3. Add a topping (+$0.50),4. Add a sauce (free for the first, +0.25 each afterwards), and VOILA! As I opened the doors and prayed to Jesus thanking Him for bringing this place out of the wilderness to join the rest of us in society, I made a beeline for the counter to try their limited edition cantaloupe flavor. Friends, I don't even LIKE cantaloupe, but that's how much of a SnowFlake fan I am - I still had to try it for myself. Ultimately though, the natural ingredients used to produce the flavor were so authentic that I still opted for my go-to black sesame with condensed milk, this time topped with egg pudding. What can I say, old habits die hard.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,10/21/2013,299,177,13,24,20>A modern and elegant Japanese restaurant popping up at the intersection of Flamingo and Decatur was definitely unexpected. But here, Yonaka takes fusion and knocks it out of the park. Too often, Asian fusion takes a wrong turn (at least on my taste buds). But I could just die at the perfection of each and every dish served up here. Its beautiful to look at and even better to taste.I'll start by saying that I've left every meal feeling light and healthy. Nothing is overladen with fat, sodium or sauce and I've come to prefer eating my uncooked fish here over any other place in Vegas. Fusion or not, this place is the real deal. Top-quality fish and expertly sliced nigiri. We sampled the Toro, Salmon Belly, Saba, Hamachi, Hirame, Scallop and Beef Tongue. The Saba was a winner (I love my cured mackerel) but the Hamachi had to be my favorite flavored with jalapeno miso. The beef tongue wasn't my cup of tea. It seemed overly dry and had a slight jerky quality to it which only added to the oddness of it being served as nigiri.After that, it was all enjoyable again. We came late and ordered a the Konpa and Brussel Sprouts off the Happy Hour menu (Everyday 5-630 & 11-2). Those brussel sprouts are totally addicting and the innovative combination of salmon, yellowtail and apricots is news to me. Toss in some jalapenos and tomato chips and you've found the must order item on the HH menu (also available on the regular menu w/ a higher price tag). On the main menu, their take on crudo is perfection with candied quinoa. The tuna nicoise, machitaki, umi matsuri, and shirohana were all equally as fabulous. Next trip, I'm trying some of their hot items for sure!After all of that, I have to rave over the prices. Rave in positivity and gloriousness. As if the already low-prices weren't alluring enough, the HH menu is downright irresistible. Recherche, creative and artistic cuisine in a strip mall on Flamingo is as random as it gets. But as soon as you see the modern and minimalistic design of the interior, you will be impressed from first glance to final taste. Basically, everything is amazing. And needless to say, like everyone else I'm beyond fangirl-ing (or fanboy-ing for my male Yelpers) over Yonaka.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,10/20/2013,165,190,7,12,8>Gah this place makes you feel so healthy, like you could run eight miles carrying a baby elephant. It is confusing for new people, you have to order in the far back of the store, and pay back there as well. The part of the store where you have tables to eat isn't manned a lot, so in theory people could eat and run without paying :(.This is a RAW food cafe, meaning that the food you get is NOT cooked. That's what raw means...so you've been informed. My friend took us here to try it out, she got the Italian Sampler and I chose the 'Cheese' Burger. Everything is made with organic veggies and vegan almond cheese, along with live bread (which is NOT cooked, dur). The cheese was a little dry for my tastebuds, it kind of overpowered the flavor of the bean sprouts and excellent house made catsup and mustard. The bread was really tasty, and the fries are slices of avocado rolled in what looks like crumbs served with the catsup (SO GOOOOD!) Every plate comes with a garnish of bean sprouts and a slice of apple and orange to cleanse your palate. My friend really liked the pasta she had, which was really zucchini, and the lasanga, but the toast with the tomato and cheese was overpowered by the cheese as well, but still very tasty.We got boxes of fudge to go, which is nuts, oats, honey and carob chocolate squares, not at all dry but very moist and sweet. I want to go back and get a bowl of their soup and a smoothie sometime!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,10/19/2013,137,187,4,12,7>Met a girlfriend for dinner.  We wanted to have a nice meal and a drink and sit outside.  The weather was just perfect with a slight breeze blowing.  There were not a lot of people on the patio so it was really relaxed.  What we didn't know is that Thursday nights are Ladies' nights.  The bar area was hopping with patrons.  I made a mental note to try that later.We filled up on fresh guacamole and chips and then I had the appetizer Ahi Tuna mini tacos.  The mango margarita was strong so I only had one. The Tuna tacos and the mango margarita makes me a happy girl. Juan was our server and he was very helpful and attentive during our meal.  My friend needed to speak with the manager about corporate events and Juan brought him right over.  The manager was very accommodating and told us what he can offer to take care of a large group.  It's good to note they have a glassed room for groups in the front of the restaurant which allows a lot of natural light in.  They can do a special menu for a group and can accommodate comfortably about 28 in that room.Fun spot and great food.  I look forward to the next visit.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,10/18/2013,141,253,6,8,7>This store is in between my job site and my girlfriends restaurant; I wish I hadn't found it and that I'm not such a sweetie who likes to surprise my woman because now I'm expected to bring that perfect bouquet every time I go visit her store.I was told It was graduation time and it would take a few hours to make an arrangement. The florist could tell I was unhappy with that and suggested I look in the cabinet.Selection was limited in the cabinet but they had a few moderately priced arrangements I liked. I took one with me and the fragrance is still clinging to the leather in my car five hours later. I had two different ladies stop me as I entered my GFs store and they both asked what I had done to need to buy such a beautiful set of flowers. After I thanked then and explained I had just bought them because I love my girlfriend. They both accused me of lying and said "you don't have to tell me what you did. Just know the flowers are amazing and whatever horrific thing you did will surely be forgiven"The girlfriend was floored by the flowers. Her employees were super jealous and everyone I walked by with those flowers were similarly impressed with them. I will be back!
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,10/17/2013,95,88,19,11,11>"Just the Facts, Sir. Just the Facts"Fact: I drive a Crown Vic LX with leather interior.Fact: I also drive a Highly Modified GT500.Fact: BOTH are total panty dropping magnets(along with the rug on my chest and brain in my head).Fact: Driving the Crown Vic LX with leather interior makes people think I'm a cop.Fact: Driving the Highly Modified GT500 makes people think I'm immature.Fact: BOTH of those ^ really are facts, and, sadly, very true. :(Fact: A little while ago I wanted booze.Fact: I didn't have none at home, yo.Fact: So I go out to the garage and can't decide. Crown Vic or GT500?Fact: Lee's Liquor is only 2 miles from home.Fact: The Crown Vic will get me there without hassle.Fact: The GT500 will get me there FASTER with chance of hassle.Fact: I took the Crown Vic. Didn't want to get pulled over with a bagful of booze.Fact: Lee's opened a few months ago.Fact: I love Lee's. They alls over the city, yo.Fact: They gots everythin'. Even craft beer.Fact: Prices are good and it's not a monster sized store with 800 brands of f'ing vodka.Fact: They carry a few top shelf, a few middle and a few bottom. Fact: They also carry flasks and cases for us travelin' alkies. Yes!Fact: I just got back with a bottle of 1800 silver tequila, Mr. & Mrs. T's margarita mix, and a bottle of Rose's Lime Juice. Total: 29 bucks. s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.comFact: I saw an alkie there, an outlaw biker, and an Amazon brunette with two, maybe three bras on. Fact: I am a card-carrying expert at unhooking brassieres but have patience for just one. Fact: She looked at me with "Please-Unhook-All-of-My-Kmart-Bras" eyes but, alas, I was not in unhook mode.Fact: I was in margarita mode.Fact: So come to Lee's for good prices and triple bras.Fact: You won't regret it, yo.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,NA,199,72,13,21,13>Attention all you smart phone dropping, phone screen shattering people out there: If you're like me and are looking for a place to fix your phone screen, you've come to the right place. A special "note" to you Samsung users especially. Before I found this place, I called another phone repair shop and was quoted $300 to fix my Note II screen. The guy that answered the phone at the other place didn't have any phone customer service skills. It wasn't the price quote but the guy over the phone that was kind of rude and made me feel like I was bothersome for even calling. I hate that. Thats when I decided to call these guys, even though they didn't have as many reviews as the other guys. The girl that answered was very chipper and friendly and was knowledgable about the difficulty with Samsung screens. For those that might not know, Samsung glass screens are very hard to separate from the LCD and most places will just charge for a whole LCD even if its only the glass thats broken. She told me $99 because they have experience in successfully seperating the glass from the LCD with my phone. I was so happy to hear this! But I was still very skeptical. I dropped off my phone here, their newer location during my lunchbreak. When I picked my phone up after work, it was back to new again and the price was still only $99. They had a $50 for $30 deal so with that the whole cost with tax was about $85. They also have FB check-in deals. My friend got a phone cover for $7 for checking in. It was originally $10. The guys that were helping me were Paul and Jose and those guys couldn't be any nicer and helpful. I've already told a couple of my friends and my BF about this place. I will definitely be recommending this place to anybody I know that needs a new phone screen or any phone issue for that matter. They have a location by the airport and this one, which is right next to Komex. Added bonus!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,10/15/2013,462,631,7,13,13>I had heard so many good things about this place I was excited to finally get the opportunity to try it! The menu is small but don't be discouraged, I heard a lot about the Chicken Curry Sandwich but it was no where to be found on the menu. We asked and we received. My husband got the Bleu and Brie Panini, had chicken, Brie, blue cheese, walnuts, celery, and mustard spread. It was good, he loved it. But I thought my Chicken Curry Sandwich was better. I can't wait it get it again. The baguettes the sandwiches are made with are perfect. The cafe is small and at 3pm it was almost full. The staff was friendly and tried to get to know everyone that came in. Prices are worthy of the quality.I'm looking forward to try one of their soups and dessert!
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/14/2013,265,381,5,9,8>Great concept and great results! The Chipotle of pizzas, except better - because only two things cost extra here: a change in crust (to wheat or gluten free) and dairy-free cheese. That's it. Otherwise, for essentially $10, you can get a pizza with any and all toppings they have. All included in the price. It's brilliant.The ingredients are quality and the staff is extremely friendly. Instantly a winner. You get to watch your pizza get created from scratch and baked in a brick oven. It comes out nice and toasty for you to consume immediately. The crust comes out pretty well done, and despite putting on a million ingredients, it actually doesn't look overloaded when all is said and done. I would know - I ordered one with literally everything.Honestly, there is much better pizza out there on the spectrum, but this is a quality pizza for a good price, at a (for me anyway) convenient location. Definitely worth stopping in for this, and the amazing selection and versatility that comes with it.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/13/2013,231,230,9,9,9>My 100th review deserves to be a 5 star one! Congrats DuPars! I've been hearing about this place for a while now. Old cafe style in a run down casino?! I'm there! Not to mention the claim of the "worlds best pancakes" was a bit intriguing. My daughter, boyfriend and myself were heading downtown not sure exactly of our destination and I remembered this place. If you valet park at the golden gate, it's a simple walk thru the small casino. Otherwise park anywhere allowed downtown and find your way. The waitresses and decor somewhat reminded me of a Waffle House. So right of the bat I was happy. The breakfast and lunch menu had TONS of comfort food classics. Never in my life did I think I'd order a meatloaf sandwich, but I did and was so happy about it. The kid had French toast with blueberries and the boyfriend went with a chicken pot pie. And then of course as a table we ordered a nice stack of pancakes. The super sweet waitress actually stopped and asked if we were serious when ordering all this food. (Did I mention I also had a $3 shrimp cocktail?) Well be proud miss waitress cuz we killed it ALL. The pot pie needed a little salt n pepper, but THAT'S IT! That's my only complaint. Great food. Genuine service. Exactly how I would expect an old school, cafe, Waffle House, waitress in cute outfits- type of dive should be! Well done.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,10/12/2013,274,498,10,10,9>This is the first time that I'll thank a monsoon (Thank You!). If it wasn't for that freak storm that swept through the Chinatown area, my boyfriend and I probably wouldn't have found seating at Monta Ramen. Only those who are really serious about ramen will brave flooded intersections for a hot bowl of noodles -- that, or your Plan A for dinner fell through. I almost didn't want to come here because of the issue I have with the lack of seating at this place, but we took the chance and dropped in anyway. We figured not many people would hit up Monta because the weather was lookin' ominous. Two open spots were free when we arrived at 7pm on a Friday night, but the tiny restaurant was almost filled to maximum occupancy. By the way, if you see seats available, don't forget to put your name down on the sign-in sheet by the doorway; it's still first come, first served. I stuck with what I ordered on my last visit which was the Tonkotsu Ramen with nori and nitamago. I was pleased to learn that the ramen was still solid like the last time I had it several months ago. The broth was hearty and the pork was tender. I also shared an order of the Mini Pork Belly Bowl.  As much as I enjoyed my ramen, I almost want to say that the pork belly was my favorite part of dinner. It was flavorful and delicious, and I prefer it over the Mini Mentaiko Bowl that I ordered last time.Unlike other ramen restaurants I've been to, Monta has about four ramen selections to choose from; however, you won't pay over $8.00 for a bowl. Overall, the food here is affordable. Two bowls of ramen and the pork belly came out to a little over $23.00 (without tip.)Bumped up my rating for Monta from a 4 to a 5, all thanks to that Pork Belly Bowl and how the quality of the food has remained consistent.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,10/11/2013,126,178,4,9,8>I have been going to this location for ~3-4 years now, and every time is a great experience.  The lady who owns the shop is nice and when I went there once or twice a week for, oh, 11 months she remembered me after the first few visits.  =)I swear by their coconut milk boba tea here.  I guess they have recently added the option to get protein powder in it, and it's actually really good in this.The owner makes the most perfect, most tasty crepes I have ever had the pleasure of consuming.  Wow.  Like, if there was an Olympics for crepes she would be the Michael Phelps of Crepe-ing.Nutella and whipped cream is always a classic, but don't be afraid to put some bananas or strawberries in the mix, too!Tried the froyo here - the deal is pretty good!  2 smalls with 1 topping each for $5?  Great for that little extra after dinner.The atmosphere is another of my favorites here -- while it IS located in a strip mall parking lot, you walk in and feel like you're in this chic little spot in LA.  It's very bright and refreshing with modern furniture, and always a positive vibe.I'm sad I moved away from this area, but since then I've been able to cut back on my tasty, tasty sugar.  So, when I DO get to this side of town, it tastes better than before!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,10/10/2013,326,294,6,14,9>This is my new favorite spot in Las Vegas for a healthy quick bite! I heard about this place from a friend and I have been addicted ever since. What I order:- Turckey Burger plain wrapped in a Lettuce shell. It is amazing, low cal and low carb.- Tofu fries. They taste like cheese sticks! SOO good. I dont care for the Jicama fries, skip those unless you are on an ultra healthy kick. - Cup for water. This is a MUST. They have free cucmber infused water, it tastes wonderful. - Juice. The ginger limeade is my favorite! It is under 200 calories and packed with healthy fruits and veggies! i neer imagined I would crave a green juice, but it tastes sooo good! It is the perfect consistancy to drink and stays cold long enough to enjoy it. Best part: This place is packed with healthy people all the time! So if you are like me and need some insiping to get your soft butt to the gym, check this place out to eat! There are lots of HOT guys (and girls) to check out. They also have wifi so I can yelp. Make sure you check in to get a dollar off a juice/smoothie :)Only downfall, it is slightly pricy. If you are on a Jr. Bacon Cheese diet, this isnt your place. But remember, spinach, tofu and fruits arent cheap to buy.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,10/9/2013,214,227,10,10,11>For anyone who says this zipline experience was not thrilling, you are officially in a deep, dark depression from which you may never recover.  I am truly scared for you.  From the minute we arrived, the entire experience exceeded our expectations.  The office is easy to find.  The staff is very friendly.  The bathroom was really clean (a must for someone like me who almost peed their pants watching the zipline video playing in the lobby!).  The guides were hilarious and very engaging.  And.  Last but not least:  these are the biggest ziplines in North America.  Admittedly, I am not a thrill seeker.  I obey traffic laws.  I do not cross unless I have a walk sign.  I wear my life vest on Lake Mead.  I don't even wear high heels above 3 inches.  Needless to say, my knees were knocking by the time we climbed to the first zip line.  I volunteered to go first, knowing I would back out otherwise.  Wow!  What an awesome ride.  Because the wind was so bad, the guides were not sure whether we would be able to do the second zipline, but everything went off without a hitch (and with a really sturdy harness).  There is some downtime between ziplines which I am sure would increase if you are in a larger group.  I found our guides Cody (aka Pauly Shore) and Andrew infinitely entertaining.  Yes, they try too hard.  But you kind of have to when you are entertaining a 10 year old, two 30 years olds and a 50 year old (my group).  And they are freaking hilarious.  Best of all, they really paid attention to my 10 year old nephew and he just loved all the attention.  The stellar entertainment aside, there is an obvious focus on safety and the guides take their jobs very seriously.  You feel really secure.  Or as secure as you can feel when you are dangling 350 feet above a rock floor.  I can't say enough great things about this operation.  I pride myself on my Yelper abilities and am truly shocked that my little sis in Kentucky introduced me to this tour.  Now that I know it exists, I see some ziplining in my friends' futures.  Don't let the price tag stop you.  Just go!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/7/2013,1407,1189,22,19,18>(S)o many ramen joints are popping up in town, this is the newest one(O)riginally, they were in PRIMM...Who Knew? Seriously?(R)eally great service from start to finish(A)pparently they will be serving desserts in the future...Koraku is still getting settled into their new location(They've only been open a little over 2 weeks)(S)hoyu Ramen was good, but not my favorite(T)etsuro and Godzilla gave Koraku 5 stars, I didn't(I) rated Koraku three and a half stars...I think that's fair enough(L)ove the Ramen/Curry Combos they have for undecided peeps like me...:)(L)oved the Gyoza appetizer...great start to our meal, crisp outside, flavorful inside(H)ot Chili Oil mixed with shoyu and vinegar is perfect for your Gyoza(A)lways undecided when I have to choose between Ramen or Rice???(S)eafood Ramen was kinda bland, and the squid was rubbery...:((M)y Beef Curry was good, but I still prefer the Z spot for J-Curry...(Y)ou shouldn't come here on a Tuesday...WHY? They're closed, that's why!(V)ery good hot tea served here too...$1 a cup, free refills(O)thers may not agree with my rating....ask me if I care????(T)exture of the ramen noodles had a nice chewiness to it(E)veryone has their opinion about their experience, don't let mine decide if you wanna go here or not...(!)!!ALOHA!!!YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(89/100) "Ramen, Or Rice??? Ummm...BOTH!"
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/6/2013,51,324,14,18,14>My group friends and I dine here regularly! Not just because we love Vincenzo but for many other reasons...including loving him.He has assisted Chef with creating one of the most compassionate fine dining experiences in the city.Whenever hubby has to entertain business clients he usually picks Panevino because of the amazing choices on all the menus and of course the amazing service.We have been here a dozen times for lunch but we mostly dine for dinner.Hubby and I also enjoy happy hour and how we can order entrees in the comfy bar booths.It's the little things...for example when you sit down at your table they actually ask me if I would like a black napkin (if wearing a black skirt or dress pants) so that the lint from a white cloth napkin will not attach into my clothing. Now that is service. Of course at most fine dining places they do this and place and remove you napkin (hopefully) but for some reason the extremely sweet personal service...you forget you are in fine dining and that you are not actually with just really awesome family members. LOL.Chef and staff make everything fresh from scratch every morning. Our daytime experiences have been equally lovely when getting lunch. For some reason I have never purchased from the deli but we are sooo stuffed after to even look at food :) (in a good way).We always get presented with a personal amuse bouche. :) We order of the vegan menus so the items below are all from that menu.APPS:The Artisan bread is out of this world.Eggplant hummus rolls...wow! I stole the concept and make them at home all the time. (the secret to the purple cabbage is a very slow roast with a lot of red wine)Sometimes we split a Caesar.  ENTREES:Gnocchi.....ummmmm these are really from the heavens...they are not traditional but there are just a few (very filing) gnocchi spread down a narrow long plate. Wow...creamy, yummy.Burger this thing is huge...I'm not just saying in size but also in flavor. It's mashed potato based. It's thick it's soft and it is amazing. Honestly this hug plate is a split. We have never split it because hubby always wants something different but I take home more than half. I put all the items in a to-go and keep the bread out separate. It makes reheating in the oven perfect. The veg broth that comes with it is amazing. I could really take a bath in that stuff. And grilled veggies are yummy as usual.The shells and the bolognese are pretty good...but out of the three pasta and sauce dishes I prefer the tortelloni they are spinach and they melt in your mouth! Their shells do have that magical vodka sauce on them. Yum. I need to ask for a side of that next time to dip things in :)The risotto...I swear they really put about $40 (I know the price of rare mushrooms thanks to Whole Foods awesome spread I divulge into every week) of mushrooms in this dish. Also the dish is super creamy and super rich. It's perfect. Really this dish is rather large also.DESSERTS:We have not tried the gelato. We are not big frozen dessert people (unless it's Perfect Scoop's ice cream) so we always decline the try.Decedent Chocolate Pudding...it's a must. Leave 1/2 of your entree if need be :) but they always send out our (well our group calls them VIP brownies) fav brownies and a lovely wish on the plate :) But this pudding is awesome and I have never really liked pudding. It's really amazing with an espresso with a lemon twist or maybe a shot of Fran :)  Please try out Panevino. It's an amazing date option, group option, business lunch/dinner option...it's just fresh, yummy and amazing.Oh and when you get there:Ask for Vincenzo and then tell him that Eizabeth sent you...you will be very pleased :))))))))))))))))
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,10/5/2013,372,247,8,17,14>All you need to know:Peach cobbler is so good, it'll make u slap ur momma!Brisket is moist, juicy and melts in your mouth.Fried Okra is the best in town hands down.Catfish is properly seasoned, crispy on the outside and juicy and flaky on the inside.So we walked in on a Saturday night at around 11 or so and we were the only ones in there. So I will admit, I wasn't sure if the reviews were going to be right. I mean if this place was going to be as good as everyone said, then why isn't this place packed?But we sat down and the guy was friendly and down home. I love a southern gentleman, they win me over every time. He told me that they were out of the beef ribs but if I wanted to wait 45 minutes that they would be ready. So I didn't want to wait 45 minutes and went with a meat platter. I got the brisket and st Louis ribs and hot links. Already told you about the brisket, the ribs I enjoyed too. They were tender and smokey and very flavorful. If I am being honest, then I would probably pass on the hot link. I think they were just bbq'ed too long for me. So we got dessert with our yelp check in and I wasn't too sure that they would taste so good based on their appearance. We ordered banana pudding and peach cobbler. I would alone come for the peach cobbler but again, if I am being honest I would pass on the banana pudding.I love BBQ. It is just always so hard to find a good decent eats for BBQ in this town. But the quest for me has ended here. I rave about this place to everyone. The BBQ sauce here is amazing too. Sweet and Spicy. I tried to see if they bottled it and sold it but they don't. So instead they gave me a to go container for free.I can't wait to come back.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/4/2013,464,250,8,17,11>Rick just finished cleaning my bedroom, hallway, and vehicle all for a super reasonable deal. I found his company on Yelp and only after calling a few local competitors first. When I tried calling other places they were giving me excuses such as "3 room min., can't offer you anything else, can't work around days off, etc" not willing to work with me on what I needed which is ONE room regardless of pricing. Rick was much more flexible. He offered for the price quoted to clean the room specifically, outside hallway area, and to give me my full money's worth he also cleaned my car. My car is not exactly new (2005) and it looks amazing!!! inside. I'll post a few photos. I had caked on stains, food traces on the mats, and other crap. It looks/smells like new. Not to mention he worked on that in my driveway in this blazing heat. Rick and his company are-MobileFlexible (scheduling)ProfessionalFelt safe (as a woman home alone)AffordableNo toxic odors left overWorks via word of mouthand does an amazing job of cleaning up. I've heard he's especially great with pet stains but I don't have a pet. I fully intend to use him as well when I move across town from Mountains Edge to Henderson. If you need your household, car interior, office, or any other carpeted space cleaned... don't look anywhere else. 5 Stars!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/3/2013,641,253,9,14,13>For a while there Goyemon was very hit or miss for me.. But lately every time I go it has been a definite and delicious HIT~ Especially after checking out most other AYCE spots in the valley.. I've come to realize Goyemon is pretty much the best.. I always give other places the benefit of the doubt but they always leave me wanting more and also feeling angry that I wasted a perfect opportunity to get another stamp on my loyalty card LOL Top Reasons Goyemon is currently #1 for AYCE:*Freshness- I think since they're so busy all of the time they go through fish fast so all of their items are fresh & of good quality.. I love their scallop, yellowtail jalapeño, tuna, salmon, squid, ikura, uni & amaebi nigiri~!!!*Size- The rice to fish ratio is perfect and their nigiri is not too huge so you can sample a little bit of everything.*Appetizers- A good variety ...I always get the tuna poke salad, miso soup with shrimp head & pork belly.   *Rolls- I've never had a roll here LOL but they look huge which some people might consider a plus *Desserts- unlimited and I am addicted to the lychee sorbet ahhhhh*Service- I find that service at the bar is waaaaaaaaaay better than at the tables so try to score a seat there if you can!  The only negatives I can think of are that it's always so busy so go at a weird time~HOT TIP: Ask for fresh wasabi at no extra charge
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/2/2013,344,499,13,20,15>New listing?  New owner?  Not sure why it's "new," but in the end, it doesn't really matter.  I put my trust in you....wait, got sidetracked for a second....How's the food???  THAT'S what matters to me!!Well, as you might have guessed seeing the 5 star review, it's better than good in my book.  It was surprisingly good actually!I ordered about 15 different kinds of Nigiri.  Not ONE of them were disappointing!  All tasted fresh, but here are some noteworthy ones to touch on :Uni : Very good Uni! Love the consistency...not watery/runny or overly salty!  I am SUPER particular when it comes to uni...it's the difference between thoroughly enjoying it, or slightly gagging on it at first taste.  Thankfully, it's the former.Hotate : The Fresh Scallops were PERFECT! Super tender, melt in your mouth good! Buttery, with just a hint of citrus and wasabi of course...only thing I have found to rival it ANYWHERE is YG&S's LIVE counterpart!  And considering that it's not FAIR to compare it, this is the best I've found LOL :PAmaebi : The sweet shrimp had a slight crunch to it, buttery taste, and smooth finish.  Great choice.  I did not receive the fried heads...you probably need to specify if you want them.The Hamachi Kama was on the daily special...this is my most favorite part of the fish!  If you see it on the menu and don't mind diggin in for the good stuff, you gotta try the collar if you have been sleeping under a rock!  If you've had it before, you are gonna order it without reading this anyways LOL.And for dessert, both the Chocolate Mousse and Green Tea Creme Brulee were on daily special.  If you see either on the menu, I would highly recommend both!  Chocolate mousse is a little thicker than their sister stores counterpart, but still that same great taste.  The creme brulee was perfect...strong green tea taste, and I love that crispy crust!Service was very fast.  They were pretty slow on this Tuesday night, which got me worried about the quality I was to encounter, but I am glad it didn't affect my visit.  But because it was slow, my orders got taken promptly, food was prepared and served quickly, and I always had refills etc.Only NEGATIVE thing I can think of...I got charged $3 for "sharing" with Little Foodie Dude.  He just turned two, and yes, he DOES have an appetite LOL, but it will mark forever in history as his first charge at an AYCE restaurant.  I'm not too mad though, considering he ate an entire order of Edamame, 4 pieces of unagi, ahi, salmon skin handroll etc lol.  He got his $3 worth :PI hope it wasn't a fluke, but I much preferred my visit today than the last few times I have been to the Henderson location, as well as the G'monster himself!  All they need now is the Grilled Pork Belly and I'll never have to go back there again lol.Keep it up Sushi-Mon...keep the ball rollin forward and never look back!Pics :
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/1/2013,106,68,7,14,9>If I had to pick a late night dinner joint out of any place in Vegas, this would probably be my star choice!First of all, before moving to Vegas, I had never heard of reverse Happy Hours.  Are you kidding me?  HH at 2 am?  Good lord, I LOVE VEGAS!  Also, a bonus is that everything on the late night menu is 50% off!  Whaaaat?!Their Italian dishes are the real deal.  Authentic, large servings and 100% pure delizioso!  My favorite being their Caprese di Bufala..  The Mozzarella is incredible!Onto the pastas and Risotto.. Oy Vey!  So good!  Growing up in an Italian household, I know my Risotto.  I'm never fully happy with ordering risotto in a restaurant, but I always make an exception for Ferraro's.  The consistency is perfect, the rice is always al dente and they have a plethora of risotto dishes to choose from. As far as pasta goes, I love to keep it real and stick with Spaghetti but their stuffed ravioli Agnolotti dish would have to be my favorite.  So good! Lastly, the service is great!   The servers know Italian food and have personally tasted every item on the menu..  About 90% of the servers are from Italy, so the accents are always a plus to the dining experience.  They know it all and you have to respect that.All in all, great environment, fun crowds, perfect service and delicious food!  Ferraro's is right off the strip, so it's just a short cab ride away..  And, if you're a local trying to show your out-of-town friends a nice late night meal, go here!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/30/2013,183,191,11,12,10>"You live in Vegas?  So, do you like, live in a hotel on the Strip?"This is my least favorite question I get asked when I tell people I live in the great city of Las Vegas.  People just have NO IDEA what is beyond the strip.  And one of the places I love is Red Rock.  The park, not the casino (fyi...duh).It's $7 per car to get it, but we just always buy the annual pass for like $30 because if you go hiking a few times, it pays for itself.  The visitor center is a great place to take guests because it shows the history of the area, you might get a little peek at Mojave Max, and the sculptures/exhibits outside are outstandingly beautiful.The 13 mile loop is a gorgeous scenic drive, and if you stop at any of the rest stops, it is awe inspiring at how quiet and peaceful and big it is.  It always makes me take into account my place in the world when I am standing in the quiet of Red Rock.  Ohhh, that was super cheesy, but it's something you have to experience to know what I mean!The hikes are fantastic and dog friendly.  We take our lab up into the Lost Creek hike and let her play in the waterfall that is flowing there in the spring before it dries up for the year.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/29/2013,433,1034,5,12,13>Sometimes places leave you speechless and it is okay. Sometimes you don't need to drone on and on about how good the food is. Sen of Japan leaves that almost perfect impression on me and it is hard to put it into words. Starting out with the Hawaiian style edamame is a must. So is the mixed seafood cucumber salad. From that point, it only got better. All of the nigiri was fresh, a generous slice, but could have held back on the dressing. At points, the rice was falling apart due to how much sauce was on some of the pieces. My friends that I had dined with had prefaced that Sen's miso black cod rivals that of Nobu's. I had to get it and for $14, it is a steal. The steak with the sweet soy based sauce was freaking fantastic. Dragging the meat through it to dab on my rice was not enough. I should have been as smart as my dining partner and just tipped the plate over my rice. You need to save room for the chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream. It is magnificent. The nice crunch from the shell to the gooey center pairs so well with the homemade ice cream. I died so many times throughout the meal.I cannot complain about one thing that hit our table. I call that a win with around eight different fishes, a few appetizers, a couple of entrees, and two desserts.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,9/28/2013,201,124,7,8,11>Tokyo Japanese Restaurant is in the same shopping center as the infamous Lotus of Siam and Komol. It's ghetto and sometimes homeless ask you for money. Once inside staff is attentive and welcoming. The décor is dated and they are always playing ABBA. You will be seated immediately on a Saturday night. None of that- is your whole party here or it'll be 45 minutes and you have to stand outside business. The booths are the best place to sit. You can actually hear the other people at your table talk. You can stretch your arms out and not hit another person. TJP is close to my house too. Can you see why I come here so often? Doesn't the place you always go to sound like a pain in comparison? That's not all. Even if you eat a la carte you get lots of FREE stuff like miso soup, cucumber salad, edamame, and a scoop of ice cream. Think about that when ordering so you don't get too much food. They have many gourmet rolls to choose from loaded with mayo sauce this ponzu that. I usually get the marinated mackerel sashimi. It's oily and rich. I also order the Hamachi kama. The appetizer is a very generous portion (in comparison to your favorite place) served with a bitter greens salad and a thousand island dressing. It's great with a giant beer. This is a great stop if :You were on your way downtown for a night of drinking because it's close. You have a large group of friends meeting for dinner and you don't want to worry about waiting for late people.You like free stuff while talking at normal volume with your friends.You're a fan of ABBA.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,9/27/2013,151,137,6,18,15>I usually will wait until a 2nd visit to review a place, however if the place is really bad or amazingly good I'll write a review when I get home from the place. This is one of those reviews.I don't often make it up to Tivoli Village but on the trips I did I would always peek in the windows and see how things were going at Echo & Rig. Tonight I finally got into the place and it was great.When we entered they walked us through the lower level, we got to check out the butcher shop, the deli/charcuterie counter, and the bar before heading upstairs to the dining room.The layout is a little random with the bar/butcher shop downstairs, and the dining room & kitchen upstairs. The dining room is very open and there's some room between the tables. There is a patio off the dining room and an exhibition kitchen along the entire south wall of the dining room.The servers were attentive, the hosts were friendly, the bussers were quick to refill the water glasses (complimentary sparkling or still water), and bringing the proper weapons(utensils) to make sure we could properly enjoy our meals.The food was really, really damn good. We had several things off of their expansive (Over 90 item) Menu. The hardest part of the entire meal was selecting which items on the menu to try and which to keep for another visit.The meal started with a bread basket, it was a pretty basic looking basket with 3 slices of bread and no butter, at first I thought it was odd, but after trying the bread I realized butter wasn't needed.Next up was our small plate "appetizers". First up was the Thick Cut Bacon and BBQ Sauce. The Bacon was grilled which added a great flavor, the BBQ sauce was ok, but I mainly ate the bacon plain and it was good. We also had the Bone Marrow Carne Asada, yes you read that right it's not only "Gods Butter" Bone Marrow it also comes with carne asada as well a perfect combo on the toast.After that was the Charcuterie Plate, Prosciutto, 3 different Salamis, Pate, and Head Cheese all were delish, but the Prosciutto was my favorite.  Next was Grilled Octopus, now I myself am not an octopus guy, but this dish was amazing and made me rethink my hatred for octopus. We also had the Mushroom soup, it was creamy and delish.Next was the Entree Course, I had the Butcher's Cut Ribeye which was a 14oz steak cooked medium rare (possibly a touch over), served with Garlic Chips and Mushroom Rockefeller. This would have been enough on it's own, but not for us. We also added Portobello Fries, Mashed Potatoes, and Heirloom Carrots for bonus eats. The Potatoes and Carrots were amazing, but the Steak was the stand out item of the meal. I'm not a fan of steak sauces, but if you are, unlike most places that charge $5-7 for a sauce, Echo & Rig includes one free sauce with your steak, which is a nice touch.As if all this food wasn't enough the waiter told us about the dessert menu. They  only serve Ice Cream Sundaes. And after hearing him say "salted caramel ice cream" I was getting the turtle sundae. It was the perfect end to an amazing meal.I can't wait to get back and try the rest of their menu. I really am looking forward to their late night menu for a late bite before heading to La Casa down the road for the a Cigar.Also the have free wifi for all your food porn posting needs which is a great added bonus
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/26/2013,72,64,7,12,10>Hands down these guys have the best al pastor taco I've eaten in Las Vegas. We can quibble about texture, moisture, seasonings, and toppings, but I cannot believe that anyone is doing it better than Taco Tijuana.They've been open for about a week and today was the first chance I go to stop in and see what Taco Tijuana (TT) is all about. When you walk in things are a bit confusing. There was only one other family when we arrived, but we had a time trying to figure out where to go to order. That is not a negative.  Just an observation. What seemed a bit confusing to me, could easily be a specific method for keeping the taco ordering flow moving smoothly when they get busy. A sweet employee can to our aide and chatted with us while we were deciding and ordering. Like many places they have a few different stations. The gentleman at the pastor station offered us a sample and I stayed there and ordered the rest of my meal. Can we have a moment of silence for the al pastor? The tortillas are homemade and soft from oil and heat if the grill. The meat itself was succulent and delightfully seasoned (ancho chilies? cumin?) and had a bit of char still on the edges. If you haven't had an al pastor taco, it's a distant cousin to to Lebanese shwarma--both use the vertical spit.  The Mexican version consists of pork cooked with pineapple to bring out the sweetness in the meat. At TT they top the taco with a dab if salsa and some light green sauce. Was it a thin guacamole? I honestly don't know. It had a hint of cilantro and chile. But with the ingredients combined, that taco hit every note.  It's been a while since I had tacos in Tijuana. But TT has captured the soul that I remember in a small bite. The suadero taco was well prepared. It's a tougher piece of meat, but you wouldn't know it from the taco at TT. Their meat was moist and very tender. It lacked a bit of flavor (which the meat generally has), but TT wisely adds a different topping to this taco. They added a thinner, spicier salsa atop the suadero. It was a lovely bite.The asada taco was not extraordinary, but it was nice enough.The meat was nicely seasoned and it was topped with a simple, fresh salsa. The staff was kind and added extra meat (without us asking) to a skimpy looking taco. In addition, they gave us roasted peppers and onions for free. I don't expect that to last long. In short, this place was delicious. I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/25/2013,358,399,9,18,17>What a pleasant surprise !   Took the gf, another friend and her daughter to dinner at SF a few nights ago.  Unusual location but not out of the way.  The eating area is kinda small but comfortable.  Laughed when I hit the restroom and determined the men's room is almost equal in size to the dining area.The menu is a little confusing but the concept is simply  you got food for health conscious people and food for a fat ass like me.  we ordered:flat chicken and greens ( $8 ) with a side of fruit ( included in price - not sure why ) Chicken and waffles ( $8.50)  - secret, off menu itemNice to greek you healthy pizza flat bread/pizza ( 9.50 )Maine Wedge happy salad ( $4.50 ) Highlights - well, basically EVERYTHING !  great value, well prepared and creative.  I can't believe i'm going to write this but I think the prices are on the low side for what you get - the wedge salad ( pic incl ) has large chunks of cheese and bacon with the egg and then you smash on one of the lettuce spears - Mmmmmm - good stuff ! and at $4.50 ??? are you kiddin' me !The flat chicken and greens has a full chicken breast smashed done and grilled, seasoned perfectly with a bed of greens - the gf was happy.I guess a slight ding is the chicken and waffles - the chicken need a little more seasoning ( salt ) but overall, we were very happy with the combo.And heck, I even liked the healthy pizza.total bill with sodas was $50.Yes, we will be back !
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,9/24/2013,161,172,12,17,14>*sigh*  That was soo good!First time having Tsukemen Ramen and i really enjoyed it.  I asked the server what's their specialty and was kindly steered to this offering.  It's basically a combination of seafood (mackerel) and pork broth.  Those of you with shellfish allergy don't fret.  You're good, brAh!  The noodles and soup are served in separate bowls, but it is entirely up to you if you want to marry them, or be a dipper.  Have at it.  I personally recommend being a dipper because well.. it's funner!  Food just taste better when the tone is right.  Whatever it is you choose to do, don't fuck it up. I'd hate to watch you enjoy your second serving!On its own the stock can be really dense, but perfect when pair with the noodles.  Try not to grab too much noodles as it will really pick up on the intensity of the broth.  Loads of scallions are thrown in the clump of grains and topped off with 2 piece of char-siu, a lemon wedge, and a single strip of nori.  The soup is served NOT hot, yet it is warmer than warm.  A little squeeze of lemon over the noodles and this dish actually became quite refreshing in a way.  Sodium overload?? Ain't nobody got time for that!If you're a fan of the soba zaru (cold buckwheat noodles) then i think you'll really like Tsukemen Ramen here.Seared Pork belly was meaty and delish!  Would order again.  Gyoza however was alright.+1 for GOOD air circulation  *cliff* How do i come about acquiring a stamp card??
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,9/23/2013,893,876,12,19,17>A few weeks after my first visit, I went to Sweets Raku again since they have new menu items.  I took my sister here so we can try Mt. Fuji, Veil and Ringo. As for the tea, we tried Tokio (sweet berries green tea) and Sakurambo (Japanese cherry black tea) with our dessert prix fixe. I have officially tried all their desserts, yay!Amuse:Mango sorbet with mint jelly.  The mango sorbet was a little bit tangy but very delicious with the mint jelly. I had the strawberry sorbet the first time. Both flavors are very good since they're two of my favorite fruits. 5/5Mt. Fuji:Spongecake, chestnuts with chestnut cream, chestnut tuile, chestnut and chocolate. I grew up liking chestnuts and chestnuts in dessert isn't common in Western cuisine so, this was a no-brainer.  5/5Ringo:Apple pie with honey ice cream, white chocolate dusted with cinnamon. There's a sugar candy shaped like an apple that has cream inside. An American classic got exciting again. Break the candy apple with your spoon for cream to put on your apple pie. The apple pie itself isn't sweet so eat it with honey ice cream. 5/5 Veil:Stuffed custard pie is what i says on the edible menu so it doesn't sound so interesting. I really was hesitant to order this because how exciting is custard pie? But I must say, I saved the best for last. What you get is flaky pastry with custard on top and in the middle...on top of berry cream swimming in compote all wrapped in a web made of sugar. The Apollo (chocolate and raspberry mousse) is a safe and obvious choice for chocoholics like me but I stepped out of my comfort zone and I'm glad I did. This is the best item they have on their menu. Confetti and glitter! 5/5Excellent service as usual and our server, Kazue remembered me from my first visit. I'm still in love with this place. It makes me feel like a kid again. Genius! I think I might be addicted to this place now. The best way to end my birth month. Remember to join their e-mailing list.  Sit at the bar (if it's available) so you can watch the action and talk to the chefs. It's $19 for the prix fixe menu (sorbet + your choice of dessert + petit four) or $12 for just dessert (Apollo, Marriage, Veil, Mt. Fuji or Ringo). If you get Apollo wit your prix fixe, you'll get cheesecake instead of the lava cake. For descriptions of the other dessert items, read my previous review.*Please do not copy and paste any parts of my review - write your own. Kthnxbye!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,9/22/2013,454,392,6,16,11>I always love trying new places.  New Day Cafe did not disappoint! We stopped in around 2pm.  They close at 3 so we made it just in time!I ordered the TBA Melt.  Turkey, Bacon and Avocado! Perfect sandwich in my book! The bread was lightly toasted with lettuce tomato and cheese.  Delightful! Great and so flavorful! Plenty of turkey and the bacon was cooked just right - crispy but not burned.  It was accompanied with French fries.  They had these right also! Crispy and not a single soggy fry.  My husband ordered the buffalo chicken wrap.  Being that he is obsessed with buffalo chicken wings, this was right up his alley! I had a tiny taste and it was fantastic! He loved the flavor of the buffalo sauce! He had the chicken tortilla soup on the side. Another hit! The soup was plentiful of ingredients that sang in harmony together! The service was phenomenal! She was so friendly and our drinks never went dry! She was a smiling happy face the entire time.   I don't think we spoke much during lunch since we were too busy enjoying our meals.   That is a sign of delicious food! I can't wait to visit again!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,9/21/2013,155,528,4,20,11>We dined in for dinner on Opening Day. It's a quaint, but clean space serving up eats from their native Puebla, Mexico. The menu is pretty simple with a about dozen items to choose from. Don't expect to find burritos, nachos and dishes loaded with cheese and sour cream. Instead, you'll find tacos and tortas with a few fresh ingredients.We were warmly welcomed; we took a minute to look over the menu and a few suggestions were offered. We ordered Torta De Pierna and Enchiladas de Mole Poblano. We were given free dessert and a fountain drink as a grand opening special. We took a seat and after a short wait, our dinner was delivered.The Torta ($7) is tender pork in adobo sauce on a crusty roll with beans and topped with avocado. It was a great sandwich only made better with the spicy red sauce that was brought over when we mentioned we loved heat. It was smoky with a nice kick. Enchiladas de Mole Poblano ($7) is shredded chicken rolled in corn tortillas covered with Mole Poblano and onions. Mole can be wonderful when it's good and downright awful when it's bad. Fortunately, this version was well done and one of the better versions I've ever had. The chocolate and chili peppers are harmonious in the this sauce. I've found that is rarely the case so this was so refreshing. I found the chicken a bit bland on its own but with the milder darker red sauce it was a match made in heaven. Dessert was chunks of jello and grapes in a milky sauce. It's slightly sweet. I like it best with the peanuts sprinkled over the top for a salty bite with crunch. We weren't sure what the purpose of the peanuts were, but when we asked it was explained that it is common for the people of Puebla to snack on them while they enjoy their meal. I've never heard of such a thing, but I love being educated on regional customs. Portions are on the smaller side. No grande meals here so if you have a hearty appetite order a couple items.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,9/19/2013,428,198,18,28,17>My quest for the ultimate donut in Vegas continues. This time I visited the Donut Hut, another highly regarded establishment in the Yelp community. Will this take the throne of Ronald's? We shall see.A small shop located on the east side of Vegas, it's on Desert Inn and Mojave, between Pecos-Mcleod and the 515. I've never actually driven on this road before. It's so old school, it's like driving through a time warp! The hours are great, Tues-Sun 7:30 pm to 1 pm; it's great for late night snacks, and morning breakfast (I think the guy changes the hours regularly, so, don't hold me to those hours)The donuts here are more of your traditional variety. I decided to pick up three to go.- Apple Fritter : It was crisp, and soft in the middle. It doesn't have as much apple flavor as the one at Ronald's. Plus, the one at Donut Hut is smaller than the one at Ronald's. But otherwise, it was very tasty.Glazed donut - well made glazed donut. Soft, but not doughy. Not too sweet, which is good. Cruller - first time trying a cruller. Choux dough shaped in a fluted ring, then fried. Light and airy, not too sweet. It was solid.I paid 3.85 for all three, and I got a really good value for what I paid. Does this beat out Ronald's? No. It is a great option for those living out east, or those who want a late night donut.BTW, when you enter the store, you will see pictures of policemen all over the wall. The owner told me why.. policemen are the best judges of a good donut. LMAO
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/18/2013,224,164,17,12,12>Just like the crystal meth that Walter White and Jesse Pinkman make, its crystal CLEAR that Fresh Cup is the best for your milk teas. Maybe they should rename their business to Meth Cup. I don't know what it is, but their Jasmine milk tea is superb, like it spits in the face of the other businesses here. Maybe they use some super quality tea, or maybe meth. Uh oh I hope this doesn't get flag for drug references. Anyways! My other solid pickings are the lemon green tea and the duo duo. Duo Duo taste like the Yakult, those little Asian yogurt drinks. Their tapioca balls/boba is great, not too sweet and soft, but a solid middle. They don't have a lot of those fancy teas that some other businesses have, BUT they do have free wifi (unlimited), various random Asian food (bentos, ramen, sushi etc), stamp cards, low prices, a quiet environment for studying, and ample parking spaces. There is a $5 minimum for card usage though so carry cash!Service is friendly and typically quick.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/17/2013,376,187,5,15,14>Being from the Hawaiian Islands, it's no wonder I enjoy BabyStacks Cafe. Warm, comforting, just looking at the menu reminds me of home!I've eaten at this location recently a few times and I've left feeling happy and full. I really enjoy cafes that only serve breakfast and/or brunch like this one, because they do it right! If you've ever been to Hawaii and miss those nostalgic eats, like spam, Portuguese sausage, eggs, & rice, Kalua pig Benedict, or some fluffy white-chocolate macadamia nut pancakes, you've found your place that serves all that and more. I haven't tried some of their more creative creations, like their Spam Scramble. Spam, eggs, rice, furikake, with homemade macaroni salad?! Or the Rick's Adobo Fried Rice or classic Loco Moco? It all sounds ono, doesn't it? They also offer omelettes, skillets, burgers, and even Zippy's Chili! If that wasn't enough, their pancakes or babystacks as they call them, are delicious! Classic toppings like blueberry and buttermilk, but their unique flavors like Orange Dreamsicle, rocky road, PB&J, S'mores, Carrot Cake, Banana Cream, even Bacon pancakes are sure to catch your eye. They are most known for their Red Velvet, however the rest of the selections sound just as delicious, I think. Recently, we tried the Cinnabun and Hazelnut w/ Nutella. Light, fluffy, and delicious, as pancakes should be! Their garlic rice, which are sautéed with onions are amazing, which many people substitute for the plain steamed white rice. Another thing I love is the way BabyStacks lets you substitute anything, some for a small up charge. Garlic rice? Egg whites only? Lemon Ricotta pancakes instead of regular buttermilk? I appreciate restaurants like this that'll make your breakfast the way you want it! And the prices are very reasonable. Their highest priced item I saw was $11.95, and that's for a full breakfast entree, which you get a big portion of meat accompanied with rice or potatoes AND pancakes or toast. I've had great service on each of my visits. Waters filled, food delivery fast, and servers are friendly and helpful. Honestly, the only thing that makes this place less than 5 stars is probably the wait to be seated. I've been lucky not to have waited very long, but my servers told me there's certain weekdays that can go an hour wait for a table. See...the food must be good!Check it out if you haven't already...and go hungry!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,9/16/2013,172,155,4,26,15>Let's get straight to the point, this little Thai restaurant is skyrocketing near the top of my list.  I was extremely impressed with this place.  While the atmosphere feels like a small hole in the wall, and the seating may be a little cramped, rest assured that this is some of the best authentic Bangkok style food in Vegas as of this review.  On my first visit I tried the Pot Stickers ($5.95), Green Curry Fried Rice ($7.95), and Green Curry with Beef ($6.95).  The Pot Stickers were similar to the ones served at TSNH.  The fried shell had a light crispness to it, and it was topped with a creamy orange sauce (I think it's the same sauce you get on a lot of sushi rolls).  They were pretty good, although nothing to rave about.  At least, not compared to the next two dishes.The Green Curry Fried Rice was absurdly good.  Spiced heavily with just enough heat (I ordered a 7/10), the balance in flavor was spot on while still having that strong herbal/spicy array of authentic flavor.  The vegetables, which included short slices of green beans, were firm and juicy (not as juicy as good ol' Pan Asian mind you).  The chunks of chicken breast were most impressively juicy and tender as well.  I highly recommend this dish to any Thai food lover.  They don't hold back on the flavor. All kinds of lemongrass, basal, and other delicious spicy flavors explode with this dish.The Green Curry itself, ordered with beef, was one of the best I have had in a very long time.  It was a thin Bangkok style curry with lots of bamboo, green and red peppers, etc.  Any Thai food lover knows that it is hard to find an exceptional Bangkok style green curry.  I think this one has trumped Krung Thai for my favorite green curry in town.  The balance of flavor was again amazing.  Many Thai restaurants either hold back on the spicing ingredients or can't balance them properly.  This place does it right.  The only complaint that I could see maybe is that there wasn't a ton of beef, but to me the curry itself is so good that it doesn't even need it.  A+ green curry right here, folks.On visit two we had the Roast Duck Curry ($8.95), Larb with Pork ($6.95), Pineapple Fried Rice ($7.95), and Drunken Noodles with chicken ($6.75).  Again, the food was stellar the second time around, and again the Roast Duck Curry stole the show.  It had a strong yet balanced and lightly sweet flavor, very savory while still a thin consistency.  The pineapple tasted fresh, and the duck was of the highest quality.  The only complaint I would have is that there could have been more duck meat, but I would rather have less of a higher quality meat.  The price is certainly right regardless.  The curries here are authentic and balanced at the same time, completely stellar.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was excellent as well, with a light grilled flavor balanced with the sweetness of fresh pineapple.  The cashews tasted fresh and were absolutely delightful.  The Drunken Noodles (Pad Kee Mow at some other restaurants) was also great.  The Larb was slightly dry for my taste, but very flavorful. It wasn't too sour but definitely had some sourness to it, and had lots of other savory flavors to balance it out.  Most Larbs I have had lately are very one sided in the sour department, but not this one.  Multidimensional flavor seems to be the theme to this place!I would probably give Thai Food To Go a 4/5 over all, but the curries here are so off the hook that I have to bump this one up to a 5.  I can't express my previous frustration with not being able to find really good, authentic tasting Bangkok style curry in this town.  Thai Food To Go has finally filled that gap for me, and I can't wait to go back. (Note: I was told the place has new owners as of about 6 months ago).
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,9/15/2013,553,504,5,13,10>This place literally opened a few days ago!  I knew I had to rush home and write this review, so I can be the 2nd person to review this place! When searching for a  restaurant to eat at, today at work, my eyes came across this restaurant.  I'm super familiar with Lucilles BBQ and definitely feel strongly about their food.  I was super excited to try this new location out!It's located right next to the Yard House in the Red Rock Casino.  Such a beautiful location to begin with.  When you walk in, the hostess station blocks the entire restaurant, almost creating a curious affect amongst guests.  Once you round the corner, you're taken into a backyard BBQ oasis!  Southern pictures, vintage dressers and leg lamps from Rocky Horror Picture Show adorn the restaurant. The middle focal point is definitely the bar.  Huge rectangular bar top dressed with flat screens playing sports games and other shows.  You can't help but stare at it.  The restaurant is created to look like you're on gramma's porch, then in her backyard, then in a garden and even a Bourbon style hotel.  This location is unlike any other Lucille's that I've ever been to.  SUPER COOL!The staff.  Man, the staff is on point!  I know this location just opened, however, they are really paying attention to the detail.  The greeters are perky and friendly, the seaters wasn't afraid to strike up a conversation with us as he sat us.  Our server, Joshua, was super attentive, nice and personable.  Whatever we needed, he was there to help.  All the other servers and serving assistants, kept coming back to our table and offering any type of service that would make our experience that much better.  In fact, during dinner, I looked my party and said, "wow, what I like is that they always come around and clear any dirty dishes so our table isn't cluttered."  ON POINT.  The managers, Jessica, Chila and Jeff even came by to say hi.  For dinner, we started with a full size order of the Southern Fried Dill Pickles for $6.49.  It came with 10 pickle spears, battered in spicy flour and deep fried.  This dish is accompanied with ranch dressing and creole mustard.  The batter is light and airy, the wedges aren't too sour, just right!  Juicy and delicious.  My favorite sauce, the creole mustard is flavorful and really enhances the overall taste.  Great dish.  For my meal, I got the Fried Shrimp Po' Boy Sandwich for $11.99.  One of my favorite sandwiches!  Lots of small fried shrimp served on a fresh baked baguette with shredded lettuce, vine-ripened tomatoes, smoked jalapeno tartar sauce and spicy remoulade.  The shrimp was super crispy, sliced tomatoes and lettuce offered a very refreshing taste to the sandwich.  The tartar and remoulade makes you think it's spicy, but certainly not.  The combination of both sauces really takes this sandwich to a whole new level.  It's a huge sandwich and will definitely fill you up!Between the food, biscuits and apple butter, and mason jars, this place is certainly the BEST BBQ WITH THE FINEST SOUTHERN HOSPITALITY.  I'm so jealous of Summerlin residents.  I live in Henderson and frequent the District location.  This location is new, it's fresh, it's awesome!  When you're in the area, definitely check them out.  You will NOT be disappointed!!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,9/14/2013,410,224,9,18,18>Thank you, Velveteen Rabbit, for being a cocktail bar where consistent, craft cocktails come first.  The trend of style over substance at newer bars has been disappointing, and I'm happy to see that Velveteen Rabbit offers such a strong cocktail menu.  It's been a while since I've seen a drink menu that makes me feel like I have to try everything on it; after a couple visits I have three more left to try, and I can't wait.The Crucifix in a Deathhand is by far my favorite on their menu.  It's a complex drink where almost every sip offered different flavors.  Highly recommend ordering this drink first, so that your tastebuds aren't dulled from drinking too much early on.  It's fantastic, and if you don't agree I'll gladly finish yours for you.  The other highlight for me was the Improved Whiskey Sour.  Since most every bar uses premade sour mix, it's not hard to improve on a whiskey sour; Velveteen Rabbit does better than that and uses cherry, lemon and cinammon flavors to round out the cocktail.  A real treat, easy to sip and probably more appealing to a wider range of palates than the Crucifix.Velveteen Rabbit is easily accessible, with street parking and a small private lot available.  Same drinks made by different bartenders were consistent.  No bouncer hovering around the front door.  Music is not deafening.  Three visits over the course of four days.  Yeah, you could say I'm a fan.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/13/2013,664,612,7,20,12>Thank heaven for Shirley B.!  I learned about Sheffield from her, and immediately planned to visit before the store closed today.  I zoomed over there at 6:40, with 20 minutes to spare.  I met the Sheffields who own this one and only shop.  Personally, I always felt Vegas was missing a Spice shop (well, and a tea shop after Two Sisters closed) and have been ordering my spices online from the Spice and Tea Exchange, which is a national chain that I discovered in Portland.  I order my tea from many places online so if you want to talk tea, that is another long discussion with me!As for this place, it was exactly what I have been looking for - the Sheffields told me they get spices, salts, and sugars from the same distributor as S&T (though some of the rubs and other blends are different).  This store also has flavored and varietal olive oils.  Upon entering, I was offered a sample of strawberry green tea brewed and iced, which was refreshing.  There are many nice teas here, including matcha, genmaicha, and green jasmine.  The store carries several flavored teas as well.There are tea accessories, saltkeepers, spice jars, bamboo cutting boards and other related items.  Over 200 spices are available here.  Because I have an enormous spice collection as it is and no extra room, I only got powdered lemon peel, roasted garlic chips, and Jamaican jerk blend tonight.  However, when I need something, I will definitely be back here instead of paying shipping online!  I did ask if the store has truffle salt, which it does not.  The Sheffields seem open to special orders if there is enough interest, so if I do run out I will ask for it, but for now I am truffly good.  I am really curious about the habanero sugar.  Who wants to try it first?
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2013,9/12/2013,697,524,34,49,45>I finally made it over to Pink Box Doughnuts to see what everyone has been raving about. I will say one thing, you cannot compare Pink Box to places like Dunkin' Donuts or Winchell's because they are simply different. After having Pink Box, I can't see ever going to one of those chains again when I can go to a locally owned shop and taste the love in each bite. These doughnuts are made from scratch daily.They have the doughnuts broken down into 3 different types: classic, specialty and gourmet. The classic such as "Glazed" or "Buttermilk" are $1 each. The specialty doughnuts like the "Bavarian Creme" are $1.25 each and gourmet favorites like the "Fat Elvis" or "Date With A Nutty Pig" are $1.75 each. They have half and full dozen boxes (pink of course!) with prices ranging from $8.50 - $12.50 for those.I saw on Facebook they were now selling "Cronuts" so of course I asked about those. They were sold out! I spoke with Lance behind the counter who said they had made Cronuts 3 times that day already. I went just after 11 am so apparently people are scrambling to try them. Not having tried the original from NYC, how can I really compare it though? I guess I just want to taste it and get some sort of idea what it might be like. I will try again! Lance says you can just call ahead and if they have the menu item you are looking for then they will hold it for you. So I decided that I needed to try the "Fat Elvis" after hearing about it and I am kicking myself for not trying this sooner. DELICIOUS! It is just flat out good! The Fat Elvis is topped with chocolate icing & a caramelized banana, and filled with a homemade peanut butter & banana filling. This doughnut had me feeling stingy since I didn't want to share a single bite with hubby, but I had to darn it!The 'Apple Fritter" needs some work. The texture is perfect. It is soft and chewy inside, and crunchy on the outside where it needs to be. The thing that gets me is why it's called an apple fritter if there are no apples in it? I didn't bite into a single apple! Boo-Hoo!When I saw a Doughnut with fruit loops on it I had to give it a try. I was told by a worker that this was called the "Fruit Loop Doughnut" and I get the fun concept, but it just doesn't work. The long glazed doughnut is really good, but the fruit loops they put on top just absorb the glaze they rest on so they are soggy and chewy. Last and certainly not least is the "Cinnamon Tornado" and I have to tell you, it lives up to the name. When I took the first bite it was like a tornado of instant flavor, and it seriously melted inside my mouth. Very yummy.There was a sign out front that said they are now open 24 hours on weekends.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,9/11/2013,464,819,4,12,8>It's located in a strip mall and doesn't look like much, but the interior is sleek, modern, and beautiful. On the Sunday night we were there it was surprisingly busy with most of their tables full by 7pm.I got one of their specials, a seafood risotto ($30) full of squid, scallops, mussels, and shrimp. There was rarely a bite without seafood. Unfortunately, it was bland and forced me to do what I rarely do in any restaurant -- reach for the salt shaker. I had to use it several times to liven up the dish. The portion size was huge, but it also lacked the creaminess of a great risotto.If you're a fan of chicken parmagiana, the one here is bound to please with a zesty and full bodied sauce. I can't remember having a better version anywhere in town. It was accompanied by a huge side of spaghetti, which made for some great left overs the next day.They do have a kid's menu with a few pasta options.3.5 Stars
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/10/2013,519,1603,7,20,16>I've read the reviews of Fat Choy my friends have posted and I knew this was a must try and I'm glad I did.First of all, my server, Jenny, was an absolute delight.  She asked me about being there before and if I had any questions about the menu.  She was very helpful and very personable.  I was the only customer on this slow Sunday evening, and she had extra time and she spent it checking back with me a chatting.I had looked at the menu online and I opted to try the bao.  I've never had Vietnamese bun bao so this was a new experience.  I ordered the duck and pork belly bao.  The duck bao comes with thinly sliced cucumber pieces, scallion, micro greens, and hoisin sauce.  The pork belly bao comes with one side of the pork seared, pickled mustard greens, cilantro, hoisin sauce, and some crushed peanuts.The sandwiches were great!  The duck was my favorite because I simply love duck.  Jenny had brought me Sriracha and a small plate for putting the Sriracha and then using the plate as a dipping area.  It worked quite well!  The bun was very tasty.Then the option came for dessert.  What's a person to do?  Ask Jenny for advice and certainly follow it.  I got the peanut butter cup which has a chocolate cookie-like bottom, then a layer of peanut butter mousse (my words), topped by some bits of crispy pieces.  I got it à la mode with vanilla ice cream.  The peanut butter is excellent.  Soft, creamy, and very rich!  I'm a fan--big time!The restaurant uses the app Wallet so you can pay without pulling out the plastic and they'll email you a receipt if you want.  The only drawback for me was the smell of smoke.  The restaurant is open to this small, locals casino and there's a smell of stale smoke as soon as you come in the door from the outside.  This permeates the restaurant and detracts from the overall experience.  I wish they'd put up some doors after scrubbing the place down and trying to get rid of the smoke smell.  But, I will be back.  Even though it's a small menu, there are things to try!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/9/2013,821,451,13,16,15>---- Start of Transmission ---This boba place has always been very close to my past few safe houses.  In fact if you were to plot the past safe house locations on the map, Easy Life Boba Tea will pretty much be in the middle.  Just an observation.Anyway, there has been some recent activities on the fluffy snow ice scene in Las Vegas, with one opened by a celebrity chef and another by individuals completely off the radar.  If you are an active duty Yelp operative, you will likely know their names, employment history, and what they did last summer.My visit to ELBT is to check out how the fluffy snow ice measures up to the new competitions.  So here is my report based on my observations and my order of a Large Mango Snow with Green Apple Jelly, Strawberry and Mango with Condensed Milk:Sizes (3):Small ($5.25 includes 1 regular and 1 premium toppings)Medium (No show. Must be out of this most average & popular of container sizes)Large ($7.25 includes 1 regular and 2 premium toppings)Jumbo ($9.25 includes 2 regular and 2 premium toppings)The Small is perfect for a snack for one. Large is big enough for me, but it is pretty much a meal replacement.  Jumbo is suitable for competitive eaters, but best shared with a few friends that does not mind cooties.  If they do, they can get their own Small or have a friend administers a cootie shot.  Flavors comes in three varieties (Strawberry, Mango and Thai Tea), so if just competing on that simplistic variable alone, ELBT comes in with the least amount of "snow" selections. Toppings:  8 regular (Boba, Mochi, Pudding, Red Bean, Lichi Jelly, Coconut Jelly and Green Apple Jelly) and 6 premium (Mango, Strawberry, Kiwi, Banana, Aloe Vera and Coffee Jelly).  Flavoring (aka Sauce): 4 to drizzle with (Condensed Milk, Chocolate Syrup, Brown Sugar Syrup, Caramel Syrup).Again, overall number of selection to top off and customize your "snow" order with is not bad, but falls short of the competition.  But ELBT have the majority of the stuff I would want to order normally, so I don't care if they don't have gummy bears, Cap't Crunch, M&M's, etc. on their list.Texture & Flavor:  Texture of the fluffy snow here is decent. However, you can still easily detect the slightly gritty ice crystals in your mouth, but it is a vast improvement over the offering at Kuma, but still not as perfect as Frost Bites Shavery (recently re-branded SnowFlake Shavery and relocated to their new brick and mortar location on Spring Mountain/Decatur in late Aug. 2013).  Flavor of the snow is good (but not made from all natural ingredients), not too strong or mild, but just enough.Service:  High schoolers behind the counter, so your service mileage will vary greatly depending on the usual variables (cuteness, personality, your kicks,etc.)So when it is hot and you want something to cool you down, and flavored snow dessert is what you crave, apply sun block (SPF40+) according to instruction and drive/bike/bus/teleport yourself to ELBT for a cool one.Greater than A-OK.---- End of Transmission ---
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,9/8/2013,347,243,18,18,14>Ramen is all the rage, and new Ramen-only restaurants seem to be popping up every month now in Vegas. Ramen Sora is the benchmark of this resurgence of Ramen. It is no longer just the dry brick of fried noodles you try to cram into your hotel room coffee maker.I'll just go ahead and say it: Monta Ramen is salty. I never finish their broth, and I feel like I need to eat their noodles just to counter the salt and the odd viscosity of their soup base (too thick). Just like Pho Kim Long, Monta Ramen is the celebrity chef/critic favorite for what seems to be no valid reason. Maybe they pay their PR agencies the best - I don't know. It's 'cool' to like Monta Ramen. Well that sucks, because Ramen Sora is King. And Monta Ramen is that mean Prince who tries to trick the good Prince but ends up dying in the end trying to do so, and the crowd cheers!At Ramen Sora I get the Nori Miso Ramen every time (w/Large Size upgrade for +$1.) There are times when I polish off 2/3rds of the broth before slurping a single noodle. It's that good. The noodles are great, but the broth is the star. Red stars unite, we have a clear Ramen winner in this town.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,9/7/2013,328,389,7,16,11>Holy cow, how did I not get here sooner?I found myself at The Cannery last week for the Blues, Brews, and BBQ festival.  As a vegetarian, I was enjoying the Blues and Brews, but found myself rather hungry and not having much to do about it.  I'm not one to visit restaurants in the local casinos, and then I remembered many a fellow Yelper recommending Old School Pizzeria which happens to be just across the street.  So off we went for dinner.It's a tiny place, but nicely decorated.  My husband and I considered just ordering slices until we realized we could get a whole pie for a little more.  We got a 14-inch for $10 and added two toppings for $1 apiece.  They offer many specialty pizzas as well.With all the glowing Yelp reviews, I had high expectations for this pizza.  My goodness did it meet them.  The crust was perfect- a little crunch on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside.  The sauce was fresh and had a nice flavor.  And the best part?  The just-delivered-super-amazing heirloom tomatoes that topped my pizza.  My only complaint is that I wanted more of those delicious tomatoes on my pie.We capped off our meal with a homemade cannoli.  Over the years I have found that a cannoli is a tricky thing at a restaurant- they are either really, really good or really, really not good.  So I mentally prepared myself expecting the latter.  Well, guess who was trying to talk her husband into ordering 3 dozen more of these babies?  This girl.The food was great and the service was even better.  I'm not sure who was taking care of our order, but he was one of the friendliest people I've met.  He alone deserves a five-star rating.Thanks, Yelpers, for your help!  Looks like I've found yet another place to add to my rotation!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,9/5/2013,179,152,9,17,16>I have to say I was impressed. I'm not a big crepe or pancake person but this place was nice. We shared the monkey, our company got the berry delight and a breakfast yum (can't remember which). They all were huge! Can't imagine finishing one by myself let alone the little one and I shared and we couldn't finish The strawberries, banana and Nutella was really a good combo without being overly sweet. We didn't want whip cream and the guy who took our order recommended adding strawberries to the monkey which was awesome.The service was excellent, there was a mess made and the guys were helpful and quick to respond. You go up and place your order and get your drinks but they are quite helpful and attentive stillThe only reason a star is missing as not enough seating during crowded times, we got the last table.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,9/1/2013,1421,143,11,19,16>Cronuts & Yelpers are what drew me to this place. Saturday morning and all a buzz with the breakfast crowd. Just walking by, you want to come in and be a part of this hip looking establishment. My inner sweet tooth wanted to climb over the dessert window upon entering. This is no average bakery. The desserts are plump and inviting and not the standard grocery store baked goods that are a dime a dozen.Today we came for the much anticipated CRONUT that I couldn't wait to try and even called to make sure they had them. Dominic was nice enough to set aside some for me. Well my proverbial eyes were much, much too big to handle what we would encounter. In doing a little research on the cronut, I thought they would be manageable sized "croissant donuts". So I told them to hold 6. Lo and behold, we get to the counter and see that each cronut is sliced and layered in between is a rich vanilla custard. 6 was an overkill. The girl at the counter was nice enough to take back a few when our eyes bugged out at the $30 tab. The cronuts were much heavier and more dense than I would have liked. They tasted good, but I didn't want to waste my whole weekend's caloric limit on 1 cronut. I would have preferred them much lighter and similar to a croissant texture. But I'm glad we tried Bread & Butter as this may become our weekend breakfast spot.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/31/2013,162,212,9,15,9>Finally an ono 808 kau kau place near my house!Kauai Cafe is not your typical cookie cutter "Hawaiian BBQ" place. It is ohana owned and operated and they serve legitimate island style home cooked food. No half-hearted bootleg island-wanna be food here. I put my local seal of approval on this place. (I'm born and raised in Hawaii just in case you couldn't tell by now) Some menu highlights and recommendations that I've tried:Heineken beer batter chicken. It's a solid size hind-quarter. The chicken has a nice solid crunchy skin and still moist and juicy on the inside.Portuguese Bean soup. man I wish they served this as a main dish instead of a side order. I look like a fatty when I tell them I want a big bowl of this. My dad would've loved this. Pau Hana Friday Hawaiian Plate special $15.99 Broke da mout! If you want real Hawaiian food food you better make it here early on Friday they usually sell out.For 15.99 you got:Kalua Pig w/ Cabbage2 scoops rice1 scoop mac saladAhi PokeChicken long riceSquid LuauLomi SalmonPoi (if you don't want it, give it to me!)Haupia*It should come with a pillow because I was DONE! after killing the whole thing!. Kanak-attack!Needless to say I'm tempted every Friday to pick one up. Neva mind those other guys around the corner.. Come here for your 808 cravings. You can thank me later :)
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/30/2013,212,314,11,9,12>I, for the life of me, cannot understand how anyone could give this place any less than five stars. I mean, what restaurant were you eating at? Because this is most definitely the most innovative, forward thinking, evolved restaurant I believe I've been to in this town in a LONG time.I mean, you walk in and you really don't understand what you're in store for. The concept is on the windows, but you don't really get the gist until you sit down and open up this fabulous menu.I was only slightly, slightly disappointed that some of the things on the menu were discontinued as they are going through a seasonal menu change (for sure a sign of a great restaurant) and were knocking things off at them moment. Trust me when I say that lasted all of about 10 seconds. The concept is this: whatever you eat, be it vegetarian, pork, chicken, etc. You have a set menu for each type of food. It's all covered, each one, on one small page, but the tastes are SO big. Also, there are rumors that this is a tapas bar, but that isn't quite true. Yes, the plates are all sold separately, there are no sides, but the plates are a nice sized portion, not that tiny things you get at a regular tapas bar. That's misleading as heck. I was stuffed after I had just three plates!I personally (as a pescatarian) had the smokey poke. Let me tell you, that was some deliciousness on a plate. The poke sits atop several sauces (of which I've forgotten at the moment) and I was encouraged to dip some in each. Whatever. I totally mixed that all together and then inhaled it. I got a little of the smokey, a nice bite of spicy and some mellow flavors that balanced it all out. It was fresh and delicious.My second plate was the elote. Listen, I would love to sit here and wax eloquent about how delicious this was, but I'm just going to go ahead and say it: if I could mainline this into my veins I would have OD'd, oh, several MILLION times. There are no words for how great this dish is. I can't even go on, I'm getting emotional about not being able to go get some more right now. And then an hour later, and an hour after that. Hi, I'm Nickolle and I'm an elote addict. CRACK on a cob. That's what they should call it. Try it and come to meetings with me. We'll get through this together. (this is corn on the cob that you grab and eat with your hands - lick your fingers afterward, no one cares)Next up for me was the lotsa-mozza. This is essentially cheese, polenta, eggplant and tomatoes. But yet so much more. Anyone who has ever taken cheese and melted it in a hot pan knows the delicious taste. That's sort of this, but with sliced mozza and other things in between, specifically, sweet polenta (mmmmm...). The thing that brings this all together is the taste of that melted, crunchy cheese. So, so good. So good.For dessert (like, someone stop me, okay?) I had the cream cheese lote. I obviously have a cheese addiction as well. I was going to go for the chocolate chip cookie and ice cream, but I wasn't ready to be jolted out of my mellow taste experience with something that sweet. I was super pleased that I didn't. This is a flat bread that is the consistency of a crepe, but with a little more crunch. The cheese actually is very subtle as is the cream anglaise. It sits atop some little bubbles, I can't remember the name name now (arghhh!), but they were sweet when I popped them in my mouth. There were different flavors and they really added some zing to the sort of savory taste of the crepe/cheese combo. Really pleasing to my mouth!This restaurant is a brand new fave and I can't wait to go back. The owners are so friendly and awesome that I want to be their new best friend. As much as I'm about to start going I'm pretty sure we'll be on a first name basis soon! Get here. FAST.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,8/29/2013,211,267,7,10,7>I admit it. I am a carb-aholic.  I am a bread snob.  Once you have tried freshly baked bread, it is hard to go back to boring old Wonderbread and the other preservative filled commercially produced brands.  The smell of freshly baked bread is intoxicating. They sell freshly baked baguettes, batards, rolls, french and sourdough loaves.  My household goes through a lot of bread every week, and I am afraid my kids are turning into bread snobs too. I haven't tried everything yet, but I'm pretty sure it won't be long until we do.  So far the french and sourdough loaves have been our favorites.  But, the bread is not what brought me into this lovely french bakery the first time.  It was the pastries.  Holy moly, are these addictive. On my first visit, I came home with a variety of perfect, buttery, flaky, melt in your mouth, pastries.  I had even bought 4 Cannelles for my family of 4 to share since we had never had it before.  Well, I ate my Cannelle in the car and it was so delicious I could not resist eating another.  I pondered splitting the remaining 2 that survived the drive home. for the family, but thought it would be better if I just ate all of the evidence instead.  I have since learned my lesson, and buy at least a dozen so the rest of the family can partake as well.I have yet to try any of the soups or sandwiches because the breads and pastries grab my attention every time.  But, a quiche is definitely calling my name.  They serve deep-roasted Peet's coffee, the only bold coffee that can successfully give me the caffeine rush I need - which is why it is the only coffee I drink at home too.  The bakery itself is adorable and once you step through the doors, all of your senses are awakened- the scents of the fresh baked goodies, the shiny equipment behind the counter where all of the magic happens, and the warm and fuzzy feeling you get from a a great cup of bold coffee.  Service is very friendly, prices are reasonable, ambience is great, and there is free wifi- what else can you ask for?*Yelp 100 Challenge: Review 33/100*
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/28/2013,620,206,8,15,14>I really should have left a review prior to now. Don't be mad at me.RA at Fashion Show mall has been a staple happy hour spot for me since 2010! Happy hour pricing is from 3pm-7pm and then again late night. The happy hour prices are so cheap and our group consumes an insane amount of food for a really reasonable tab. We usually order the following from the happy hour menu:-sake-beer (Kirin Light)-wine-RAckin shrimp-seaweed salad-cucumber salad-edamame-salmon nigiri (at least 5 orders)-spicy yellowtail roll-Las Vegas roll-vegetable tempura-sesame chicken wings-short ribs-tempura fried ice cream (not on happy hour menu, but so amazing with chocolate and cinnamon you have to order it anyway)Regular time (non-happy hour) pricing is comparable to the rest of the sushi places found on the strip, but the happy hour here cannot be beat. Granted, service can be slow at times but as long as you're not in a rush, RA at Fashion Show is definitely enjoyable.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,8/27/2013,1362,984,9,19,14>$20/hr foot massage.  Need I say more?Anyone who knows me knows I love a good foot rub!  And finally, Las Vegas has seen the light and is offering $20/hr foot massages!  Yes, you heard that right - $20/hr foot massages!  (What's even sweeter, you can buy 5 gift cards and get 1 free here!! Score!)Bali Foot Spa is yet another place that has popped up in Vegas and smack dab in the oh so popular area of Spring Mountain.  This place is lit up like a Christmas tree at night, so it's really hard to miss if you're driving down Spring Mountain and it's dark.Walking in on a weekday evening, I asked immediately if they had two females available and they did! Yes!  (Usually I call other places first and they say they do, but it involves them calling around first to make sure.)  Not here, these ladies are ready and waiting to work which is always a plus!  And it looks like they had at least two people whose dedicated job was to answer the phones and work the cash register.  (This is important to me because I hate when they answer the phone when they are working on me.)Walking into the massage area, their space is enormous!! It's almost like a showroom!  Areas are partitioned off with 2-3 chairs in each space and they had a good amount of clients in there when we walked in.  I think they would have no problem accommodating a large group last minute.Overall, my girl was good.  I was pleased with what she did and she didn't smell like cigarette smoke (a common thing when you get a guy working on you).  The Husband said his girl was okay, although he fell asleep relatively early and was snoring away, so I'm not sure how he can really judge it.  I think it's a good sign when they put him to sleep so quickly.Sidenote: It's hard for me to be loyal to one specific foot  massage place because ultimately, it's the person working on you, right?   Very rarely have I gotten the same person twice at any foot massage place and they were that stellar that I would only request for them.  (I'm always curious to see what other people can do.)  I will definitely be going back there again though because we bought the gift cards!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/26/2013,580,394,12,20,13>I. LOVE. VEGAS. HOT!I'm the very person that would never go to the gym or "hate running.." I just figured, "I'm good at my weight" blah blah as I've never been over 100 lbs. Lets face it, the older I (we) get, the harder it is to keep the metabolism up.My boyfriend had raved to me about how much weight he lost at VH! and I was curious to know what the big deal was. And since it was a new year (2013), I figured I'd be one of those "New Year's Resolution" people. ***This mind you is a New Year's Resolution that I've, actually, kept up with***I came on my day off hoping to take a class. I forgot how much I paid but, I took a Venus 60 class, which is bikram (hot yoga). And although the heat was more than I expected, I fell in love. I was already flexible and I loved the stretches. More so, I loved the feeling I felt after class. I was more energized, excited, and eager for my day. And unlike how I feel at a "normal gym," I didn't feel like I was being watched or judged by anyone in class. Instructors always say: "This is your class, your time. Focus on your breathing and not on the person next to you." ----- That works! lolI decided to take a tour the next day and loved the initial class that I took up their offer of $399 a year. This way, there was no getting out of it. HahaAfter about a month of Venus 60, my boyfriend's friend, TYNA TSAI, convinced me to take her hot Pilates class. I was intimidated because all I could think of was Jennifer Aniston type girls in class. But, it wasn't like that at all. It was like Venus 60 but, more cardio, core, strength moves.Hot Pilates has transformed my body. Not in a skinny-bone-jones kinda way but, in a fit-toned-amazing-way that I never thought possible.Coming here for the last 4 months (already) has changed me and my perspective on life, exercise, body. Cheesy as it sounds; it's made me more aware of my being. It has made me wanna do better and be better. I even eat better. Granted, I get my donuts or ice cream post-class whenever I crave it.Favorite instructors that I try not to miss are: Cristin Bartles, Martin Hinton, Eddie, and Tyna Tsai. I love their overall vibe and positivity when teaching. Always makes me wanna push myself harder and do better each day.Martin and Tyna have amazing hip hop/rap music to Pilates to. Oddly enough, 2Chainz makes me wanna do more mountain climbers....go figure!And yah, parking sucks sometimes (especially after 6pm M-F) but, this is why I always leave a half hour from where I am. And sure, it gets packed in the rooms; but, I kinda like it....makes me feel the unity and energy from the whole room trying their best.I'm a believer in the Yoga Life/Pilates Life.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,8/25/2013,342,580,11,12,12>It was still Restaurant Week, and my long-anticipated introduction to Culinary Dropout was about to occur.  After it was all over, I was pleasantly pleased by all I saw and ate.  Amid the fitting sounds of hard rock, the decor of the restaurant is very casual, but seating on a banquette and upholstered chair was comfortable, and servers were very friendly, efficient, and accommodating.  A request for a different salad dressing was immediately granted.I began with Yesterday's Soup, which changes by the day.  To my relief, this was not like the leftovers of a college cafeteria's previous day's rejected offerings ground up and mixed with broth.  Ginger Soup was on tap on my dining day.  And, this colorful soup literally took my breath away.  I figured out why when I found out from my server that it contained Cilantro Jalapeno Pepper Sauce.  The soup was not very hot but quite spicy, but soon I got used to it and found the distinct taste of ginger to be intriguing.Next up was a House Salad with many mixed greens and a generous supply of good Sherry Vinaigrette Dressing.For my entree, I selected Ma . . . The Meatloaf!?!  Why it is so named I have no idea.  But this was great, very hot meatloaf with a ketchup coating accompanied by really fresh French Style Green Beans and Mashed Potatoes with Brown Gravy.  I also tried the Coleslaw, which was non-creamy and slightly sweet, while Diane enjoyed somewhat odd-looking dark brown but quite tasty and well-made Fried Chicken with Mashed Potatoes and Honey Biscuits.For dessert we had a Chocolate Toffee Tart and Salted Caramel Custard with homemade Caramel Popcorn on top.  Both were excellent, including the sweet popcorn.It was fun to face and watch the chefs at work in the very open kitchen.  When we left, we were very full from the large portions.  Because the menu lists so many intriguing items that I want to try, including oysters and white shrimp by the piece, we will most definitely return fairly soon for additional meals--and will continue to do so if Diane keeps up her winning streak at the Hard Rock's slot machines and draws additional player's coupons for 2 for 1 entrees at Fu!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,8/24/2013,258,124,14,12,10>Went here for the first time tonight, and I love it!I actually hate fried rice, or thought I did, since the only kind I've ever had is the shitty Panda Express crap. I know, I'm a deprived child. Anyway, I figured out that it doesn't taste like that at all and now I am officially in love with this shinanigans!I forgot the name of the type I had, someone else ordered it for me, but I believe it was the seafood one. A little spice to it and was perfect in every way. Now if only I could figure out the use of chopsticks without looking like an idiot!Also had some tofu, which was super soft, so it was also a little hard for me to manage to eat, but I liked it all the same.The great grand finale, was the honey bread. OH MER GERD! It's not even like, a slice of bread, its this huge square loaf that is drizzled in honey and icecream, and was sooooo good. It hurt to eat cause I was so full but I couldn't stop. If you come here, get the honey bread, and your life will be complete and all voids in your soul will be filled. That is all.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,8/23/2013,55,470,10,16,13>MY CAR IS NEW AGAINIt's just not brand brand new after having it washed and polished at Moonlight Car Wash.  The sweet smelling suds and efficiently designed sprays and brushes rejuvenated the pride of ownership of my ten year old vehicle.I just paid for the $25 Clean, Shine & Protect more than met my expectations. Maybe when it's cooler, I'll have Gina and her crew treat the old car with the $40 hand wax.They are open every day except for one day which is Tuesday.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/22/2013,425,246,12,20,17>East Fremont has a great bar for beer and food!Park on Fremont is now open.  They call themselves a gastropub...and I get it.  They have a great selection of beer (pub) and they do an elevated bar food-meets-comfort food...so yeah, they're a gastropub...just not what I would typically think of when I think gastropub.  Everything on the menu is tweaked or twisted in some way to be more than just your run-of -the mill bar menu.Park on Fremont is the bar I always wanted to aesthetically design, but never knew  about.  Owned by the same group as the nearby Commonwealth, Park on Fremont is just plain cool on the inside.  Look around...stuffed birds behind the bar, a deer head with gold plated machine guns in its antlers, throwback trendy wallpaper, a beer garden that is way too cool for school!  Suffice it to say that you need to come down and check it out.  There is not a lot of good food on East Fremont.  Park on Fremont is absolutely quality food!  I had the Philly Mac and Cheese Steak...yeah, a Philly Cheese steak with mac and cheese on top..I know why didn't you think of this before and make it?  Eat this.  I also tried the Chicken Bar Bites--Cornflake crusted pieces of real chicken with a trio of sauces...too large to be called nuggets...too small to be called fingers.  There were tasty.  I opted not to order the Fried Chicken and Waffle Sandwich.  I heard it was a little on the small side, but it sounded so good. Cap'n Crunch fired chicken with applewood, smoked bacon waffles and vanilla maple syrup...I will be eating you in the future...promise!...I almost forgot!...Sweet Potato Teeter Tots!...soo good! My only qualm...and maybe I'm just spit-balling here...all the beers come in mason jars...cool I know...but are they the normal 16oz pour you are expecting?...I'm not up to date on my mason jar volumes, but they felt more like 14oz and I thought I would be getting a standard American Pint.  Maybe I did, but without some actual measuring I'll never know.Come here for good food while hopping the happening bars of East Fremont!Come here for a great beer selection!Come here for a beer garden that will make you swear you're not in Vegas!Come here for a different take on bar food!Come here for sippy, summer cocktails that will transport you poolside!Come here just to find the secret smoking area of the patio!Regardless of why...you should in fact come here!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,8/21/2013,903,497,13,20,17>NO LATIN TRANSLATOR NECESSARY!It seems like everytime I go to any Latin restaurant, I need a real live Rosetta Stone for any questions I have. Either that or I need subtitles when an employee talks to me. LOL.Anyways, back to my review. I have heard good things about this place from all my Yelp buddies so that alone is good motivation. I have heard of arepas but never actually had them. For those noobs like me, its a dish made of ground corn dough or cooked flour, very prominent in the cuisine of Colombia and Venezuela. So you can put two of them together with your choice of meat and other toppings. I ordered carne asada with cheese. I scarfed it down like a it was the last piece of food I will ever see again. They have other delectable choices as well but when you go to a highly recommened place, you get what is popular so their namesake lived up to the hype.Service is awesome! They answer all the questions you have and even make suggestions based on what you are leaning towards. They bring it out to you where you sit with two ketchup bottles. One has a light green colored kind of sauce and the other has a light reddish tint to it. Both have different spices to it but the reddish colored one has a little kick to it. Not overpowering, but definitely gives your food that extra oomph that keeps your mouth watering.As for their location, they used to be half a block up the street in a little taco stand. They are now on the corner of Oakey and S Las Vegas Blvd, just kitty corner to 7/11. Look for the weird Indian statues because they are neighbors with an Indian antique store.  I guess with their recent popularity, they moved to this spacious building. They have plenty of tables and chairs so bring your friends. Plenty of room.The only negative things I can see is that the parking is kind of limited. The old Indian statues take up several parking stalls and the stalls are small to begin with so be real careful in parking and backing up. Also they charge 50 cents for using cards to pay for anything under 10 dollars. So if I ever make a trip to South America, at least I know what and how good arepas are. VIVA LAS AREPAS!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,8/20/2013,400,1236,13,19,13>Shave ice and Vegas are a match made in heaven. After shopping in the area, I suggested to my fella that we get a nice cool treat. The place was pretty packed for Monday evening, so there was a bit of a line, but they seemed to be pretty organized and the wait wasn't too bad. They have an enormous amount of flavor options for shave ice, as well as smoothies and coffee drinks. I'm a fan of all the tart flavors they had and I even saw pickle flavor which I had heard about before, but wasn't brave enough to taste this time. I opted for the pink Sweetarts flavor and my fella ordered The Congo smoothie. I enjoyed the texture and presentation quite a bit. The umbrella was a nice touch. The flavor wasn't as tart as I would have hoped, but it really did taste like a Sweetart. The smoothie was nice as well. A little too much banana flavor for me, but my fella was loving it. The texture of the ice is really nice. It holds the flavor very well and despite the heat, it took forever to melt which is a plus for me since I tend to be a pretty slow eater when it comes to dessert or cold things. They have color-changing spoons that change color when they are cold, which is adorable. I'm definitely keeping it to entertain myself. I know it's a chain, but I love having a shave ice place that is indoors that is conveniently located. I'll be back for sure.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,8/19/2013,533,627,12,20,18>Kraft Mountain is a natural landmark that towers over Calico Basin in Red Rock Canyon. The turn off is on Calico Basin Road off State Route 159 southwest of Summerlin and north of the 13-Mile Scenic Drive.  To get to the parking lot: Follow Calico Basin Road past the Red Spring Parking lot where there is a sharp curve. At the stop sign turn left on Sandstone Drive. The parking lot is to the left of the dead end. Disparate from the 13-Mile Drive, entry fees are nonexistent.  This review pertains to the approximately 3 mile Kraft Mountain Loop Trail (also called Gateway Canyon). It is a trail incorporating three kinds of hikes around Kraft Mountain. Hiking clockwise, the northbound segment is a scenic hike up to the saddle of Kraft Mountain with mesmerizing views, and a gentle downhill hike to a wash. The southeast bound hike along the wash is a hardcore hike requiring scrambling or sliding down boulders. The south and westbound segment is an easy hike through open desert that looks like a Western featuring a distant overlook of the Strip.   As a Yelper I have a serious responsibility when I write reviews. If a hike entails serious risk, I must address it. With that in mind I suggest that the beginner hiker avoid the wash segment, and make this a  hike from the trailhead to the start of the wash and back. I also suggest bringing the hiking essentials including hiking boots. Cell phone reception is also relatively nonexistent.  The rest of this review is separates Kraft Mountain Loop by each segment.   EXTENDED HIKE--Red Spring parking lot to trailhead       My philosophy is to park at the larger parking lot with more eyes. I am here to hike, and the additional mile extends the adventure. There is anticipation on the way to the trail. The walk along Sandstone Drive was through an interesting community of ranchette homes. There was even a tepee. Along the left were the mesmerizing red rocks. NORTHBOUND SEGMENT: UP & DOWN SADDLE          The trail begins at the parking lot. Please keep in mind that Kraft Mountain is directly in front of the Sandstone Drive dead-end. There is a major flaw where only the beginning of the trail is signed. At the foot of Kraft Mountain the signs are nonexistent. I had to follow a few general use trails and open desert to rejoin the loop trail up the saddle. On April 20, this was an enjoyable experience. The desert was blooming and the weather was serene. As the trail leaves Calico Basin for the La Madre Management Area, it gains elevation on the climb to the saddle. The views from the saddle are breathtaking. Look one way red rocks tower over a miniature Calico Basin. Look to the right and Kraft Mountain looks like Big Thunder Railroad minus the tracks. As soon as I progressed beyond the saddle, the scenery looked like the Grand Canyon. Past the saddle, the trail gradually loses elevation on the way to a wash. Walking further from civilization the air seemed cleaner and the blooming plants created a potpourri scent. Turtlehead Peak was standing in the near distance in front of me. I was literally hiking on cloud 9.SOUTHWEST SEGMENT: THE WASH    The hike rapidly changed from a spiritual walk to a hardcore challenge. This is the first time that I entered the world of scrambling and sliding. When I had to progress past boulders and sand stones, my adventure could of easily turned into a misadventure. I felt like a video game character with one life. There was situations where I had to learn scrambling on the spot. The problem was that I was sliding when I tried to hike down these boulders with hands and feet. Instantaneously I had to perform some break dance moves that I never knew that I was capable of to avoid injury. Within seconds of avoiding a fall, I was compelled to slide down and land on my feet. Hence the name of these rocks are death slides. I understand that you have a choice of how to scramble down these rocks. It's just that every choice has a serious risk of injury. Once I landed on my feet after a few of these obstacles, it was obvious that there was no turning back. I was grateful that I wore hiking boots. To be honest, I was looking forward to getting out of the wash-without injury.SOUTH & WEST SEGMENT:  DESERT WESTERN LANDSCAPE   Just like a video game, there is a reward for progressing a difficult board. When I progressed the canyon, my reward was a vista of a distant overlook of the Las Vegas Strip from New York-New York to the Wynn.  To my right was a tranquil vista of Kraft Mountain. Unlike a video game character, I had my work ahead of me. From this point to the trailhead, I was walking on a smooth trail that overlooked a landscape familiar in Westerns. Looking at Kraft Mountain was now enjoyable. When I got nearer the parking lot, I passed by people rock climbing on large boulders. When I saw the Calico Basin community to the left the trail was ending. My memories were beginning.Yelp Challenge #73
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/18/2013,335,920,16,30,20>Looking for an authentic Mexican restaurant in downtown Las Vegas? Look no further.  La Comida has arrived.  New restaurants are opening left and right in Las Vegas, especially in the downtown area.  One things for sure, La Comida is a refreshing change from your usual bar food, appetizers, and fried food.  Here at La Comida, you get authentic tasting Mexican dishes.  When you think of Morton's, their steakhouse, N9NE, Ghostbar, and Rain comes to mind.  And because this is a Morton's establishment, expect no less than quality, upscale, and great service. My first thought upon arriving here was "Wow".  Although this place was packed on their very first night, we were greeted by almost every staff member.  Smiles are free and we got them.  My second thought, another "Wow".  Las Vegas' who's who was here tonight.  I'm not going to mention names, but the energy was surely in the air tonight.  There's seating indoors, at the bar, and at the patio outside.  The ambiance includes an attentive staff, wide open restaurant, and a ton of people watching.  Can you imagine this place on the weekend? This restaurant was extremely busy, but there's no rush once you're in and no one seems to be rushing you out.  In other words, this restaurant has a chill feel to it.As for the food, you really can't go wrong.  Everything made here is authentic. The food was so authentic that I even had a tough time reading the menu.  But our lovely server, Camila, took the time to give us her recommendations and even gave me a short Spanish lesson. My main dish was their Carne de res a la Parrilla (beef skirt steak).  The steak is prepared to your liking on top of a bed of mushrooms and peppers.  The wild mushrooms were so good that I could eat a bowl of this stuff ala carte.  As for the steak itself, I wish I had seconds it was that juicy. Terri R had their Camaron de Golfo (buttered shrimp dish) and for dessert their Platanos Fritos (banana w/ice cream).  It's obvious that Terri loved her dish since she finished the whole thing.  Plus, she told me numerous times "I love my food".  It's awesome when new restaurants open in Las Vegas, specifically Downtown Las Vegas. Owners Jenna and Michael Morton open it's doors today on an invite only with an expectation to open officially mid-week.  Jenna and Michael didn't miss a beat with their soft opening.  The restaurant was fully staffed, the talent at the bar kept patrons drinks full, and the ambiance matches what us locals expect at DTLV.  Even better, they took the time to meet, greet, and take photos with everyone.  My suggestion...visit or bookmark this place for a fun and happening dining experience. La Comida:  yelp.com/user_local_photVerano de Jalisco:  yelp.com/user_local_photChips and salsa:  yelp.com/user_local_photCarne de res a la parrilla:  yelp.com/user_local_photPescado a la parrilla:  yelp.com/user_local_photTres leches:  yelp.com/user_local_photOh Yeah!:  yelp.com/user_local_photBar Talent (they're so nice):  yelp.com/user_local_photKitchen:  yelp.com/user_local_photPS:  Can't find this place, look for the hanging monkey on 6th Street.  Special thanks to Cisco A. for inviting us for dinner.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,8/16/2013,122,214,4,11,7>As of May 31st Hops & Harvest is now open for business.  We visited on Monday for happy hour and Ogden himself was in the house making sure that everything was running smoothly and working the room.  It's located in the former Double Helix Bottles & Burgers location, so park in the flat lot off of Alta for easy access to getting your hop on.  While it's not a sports bar per say, they do have TVs around that were tuned to the hockey & basketball playoff games.Their happy hour is 7 days a week from 3-6, which is an indulgence without harvesting your budget!  They refer to it as, "Taps & Apps".  All featured apps are $3.75 to $6 and then all beer & wine on tap is 50% off.  They were out of a few beers, but that is not surprising for a new hot spot that hasn't had an opportunity to gauge demand and make adjustments to supply.  Of all of the happy hour apps, the grilled cheese bites were the winner in our group.  No, actually it was the herbed tomato dipping sauce that accompanied the grilled cheese bites.  It was so good we dipped almost all of the other apps in that sauce.  When bartender attempted to clear the almost empty dish, it was like an over-dramatized slow motion scene.  Bf groaned out a deep, breathy nooooooooooooooooooooo!  Without a doubt Hops and Harvest is the current pace setter for all happy hours around; it doesn't get any better.  The next time I return I plan to order one of their pork belly dishes.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,8/15/2013,236,327,8,12,9>Zenshin looks like Island Sushi. It is! The same owners just opened another local location same style sushi, traditional japanese, and local food. The name you would never know but they do tell you on the menu the Chef same guy. I always been fan of Island Sushi. I been too both locations one on eastern and downtown. One thing diversifies this location is much more upscale feel too it. The sushi bar area is easily biggest one of the three. It has very modern current look too it. Overall never know upscale because the prices are very reasonable most of the items are under $10. There is no real dress code seen braddahs going casual shorts and tank top action. The portion sizes are good size goes along with the local style food. It just opened so you could tell that the wait staff still working out the kinks. Overall say the service was great! Some of the sushi took little longer but still got everything that we order. The food I ordered the torq fever sushi roll (spicy tuna roll) the presentation was beautiful. The taste was solid spicy tuna roll. I had the tonkatsu ramen. I know why ordering ramen if not the big three. I was in the mood for ramen. It was another solid dish. The broth was Ono! It was filling with all the toppings. Lucky enough that got too try some of my friends dishes. I tried the gyoza, softshell crab, sashimi platter, and eggplant fries. All tasty stuff. The presentations on all the food was really nice definitely for the price thinking something off. It all on point. It great addition too South Point Hotel. Hotel that always felt lacking in diversity comes too restaurants. Zenshin not only great sushi and local food. Another part of Vegas and find some comfort local food 808 style!!!! Sure I plan on going back if ever in the area need too get my local food! =)))))
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,8/14/2013,471,470,14,15,13>First off I'm mad, I'm mad that l had lived in the area for almost 7 years, moved away to another part of town, and now there are more restaurants in this area going up.  I am MAD. haha.  So I knew there were 2 new taco spots in the area and I wanted to try both of them. When I first pulled up I thought, oh cool a nice little corner shop.  After I parked and walked over to the corner shop I saw the other half of the business and thought, YES! It has a big dining area and multiple stations but when I came in on a Thursday night there was no customers except me and another customer it might be a sign. Anyways I just tried them because it looked nice enough and I was already here. As with every business I first venture to I must explore the menu before ordering, trying to remember things I can include in the review, I must've looked a little curious because one of the girl workers, I think she was a hostess, approached me and we started having a friendly conversation.  I don't remember what we talked about but it eventually ended up with me getting a plate of meat samples, SCORE, and ordering some lengua tacos, I'm sure I must have said "How's the tongue?" and "I would like some tongue" in our conversation, not "I want some beef tongue tacos."I went with two tacos yelp.com/biz_photos/taco  The al pastor and lengua tacos, both were delicious. The al pastor meat was layers upon layers of awesome tasting pork meat cooking in it's own juice with other spices on a spit.  Request for the meat in the middle or lower section of the spit, a lot more juicier and not as dried up as the top.  The top section is still good too it's crispy and pineapple tasting.  Once in the tortilla it was topped with onion, cilantro, pieces of pineapple, and a green sauce.  The lengua meat was tender and topped with onion, cilantro, and a green salsa.  I'm a sauce guy and I love that there's various sauces and complimentary ingredients you can add to even enhance my food. Hook it up with some of that habanero sauce please. Their condiments bar have everything from grilled, or was it fried, green onions and peppers, various sauces/salsas, limes, radish, and carrots. I might be forgetting a few other items but this condiments bar is probably one of the main reasons their 5 star in my book. This might be my favorite place because they variety on their menu.  I mean you can select from tacos, burritos, bowls, nachos, fries, etc.  There's like 12 different meats you can put.  If you're vegetarian, they have something for you.  I wonder if they sell alcohol, if they do I'M NEVER GONNA LEAVE. I'd hang out here cause they also have a TV and those various Vegas Weekly and Seven magazines, which I always pick up and look through.The customer service here was awesome.  Very friendly and their ordering system is easy to follow.  You're not going to get overwhelmed here or seem hurried.  They have a bell hanging on the wall that I think you're suppose to ring if you liked it, GO crazy and ring the damn bell if you like it.They're located in the North East corner of Pecos and Tropicana, where there's a Bank of America.  It shares the same building as BOA but on the North, opposite end, of the building.  There's a few nice shops between BOA and TT, just make up an excuse that you have to stop at the bank then come here before or after. Also at night the area is well light outside and it's not in a bad area.  They have a website that you can order from, nice flyers, and a nice interior so it seems like some money has been put into the business.Oh yea it's just a bus ride out from UNLV or if your in the Tropicana or Pecos route.And they now serve beer!!!And during lunch it gets busy.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,8/13/2013,323,136,8,17,15>I love coffee.I myself have been waiting for this place to open for a while now. I work less than a mile away. So it is very very convenient. As I walked in I was hesitant because everyone looked so occupied doing a specific task that didn't really look like it needed to be done. I walked up to the register unsure of what I wanted, so I asked for suggestions. I love when and employee can suggest something that actually fits my needs. (because I am very picky)They serve: wrap, salad, and Panini's I have never had a wrap because to me its just a burrito with a bunch of stuff that I don't like. I don't like salads at all.... (sad I know)I have never tried a Panini so I was kind of excited that it was actually something that I would eat. I ordered the aged cheddar Panini with no mustard. It took approximately 10 minutes served with a pickle and some pepper chips. It was so freaking good I wanted another but, was full by the time I finished half. I also ordered a vanilla iced latte with lite ice. I have to say that this as well was pretty good. I don't know if I was charged extra for the syrup or not. Hence I didn't get a detailed receipt. Overall the décor is pretty modern, with like a mountain American type theme. I liked the trunk pieces above the bar, it looks pretty neat. There was no Wi-Fi when I went. There was some sort of discrepancy in the lighting. It randomly kept shutting of and onThey have a gaming area, lounge area, eating, and bar. Plus the outside seating.I love it. I will back for more Panini's.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,8/12/2013,114,197,16,18,17>When I eat here, it's spoon to mouth time, and talking is not apart of the equation.   If I have a plate of Zen's curry and rice in front of me, you would have better luck having a conversation with Stephen Hawkins without his computer.   Yeah, it's that kind of place for me because it's that good at Japanese Curry Zen.The first time, I walked into Japanese Curry Zen was a few months ago, and they won me over on the first spoonful of their Tonkatsu curry and rice.    It was a orchestra of flavors, and the unique herbal blend created Beethoven 5th symphony on my taste buds; it was bold, smooth, and complex.   It wasn't too spicy, but Japanese curry Zen has a  number of condiments on every table to satisfied the more picky eaters.   I'm proud to say, I didn't need any extra raisins or extra spices, because the flavors stood on it's own.     One advice to the owners, Please make a sumo sized plate for those overeating Hawaiians :) because I could go off like the Yellow Gorenger from Himitsu Sentai Gorenger series in this place.   If you never seen that series, the renger headquarters was located below a Japanese Curry cafe like Zen, and that Renger would be pounding out 5 to 6 curry plates each episode.     Zen doesn't have a large dining area, but I don't need a lot of time to eat here because I will clean out a plate within five to ten minutes.  The owners and majority of the staff are very genuine Japanese, and have that entire business spic and span clean.    Ouch!  Sorry Monta on that comment. Everyone raves about Monta, which is located a stone throwaway from Zen, but I believe Zen is leaps and bounds better of the two Japanese restaurant in this shopping complex.   Heck, this might be my favorite Japanese hole in the wall that I ever been too.....and Yes, I am Japanese.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,8/11/2013,563,342,6,12,8>2 words: Meat Jun.I just discovered meat jun on a recent trip to Hawaii with my boyfriend.  I'm so happy that he introduced me to this simple yet super tasty dish that I have just fallen completely in love with.  Thank you Jeremy C.!  Every since I had it at 3 different restaurants in Oahu, I had to find one in Vegas.Verdict: Island Style does not disappoint.  It is almost as close to the meat jun served at Millions in Oahu.  Flavorful well season beef inside a hefty egg batter served over white rice or fried rice!  Don't forget to dip it in their tasty sauce for an amazing trip in your mouth!Their dumplings here are a great appetizer too!  And the workers here; I believe a family that used to live in Oahu, are super nice and friendly.  We chopped it up with them about the Islands and food!  My boyfriend and I will definitely be back for the meat jun and to try their other menu items!  They're straight from Hawaii so I'm sure the rest of the food here is legit!  Yum!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,8/10/2013,191,302,5,7,8>The Skinny: a symphony in your mouth. 'Nuff said. (5) Service: there really isn't much service here - counter service only and they only have two small tables to eat at(N/A) Value: expensive for the size but oh so worth it (5).Now let me preface this review: these treats are Japanese in style. In general, I find that Asian pastries tend to be a little less sweet, rich and dense. It is its own esthetic that not everyone will be a fan of. So if you're looking for a really gooey chocolate chip cookie or a slice of uber luxurious cheesecake, you'll probably be disappointed. You have been warned.Ah - what can I say about Suzuya Pastries? Hidden behind a quick lube joint, you probably would miss it if you were driving too fast. Limited parking is also an issue due to the numerous shops (a nail salon, the quick lube, etc.) in such a small retail space.But no matter. A trip to this bakery will take you less than 10 minutes. There really is no place to sit and eat because of the size of the shop (there's two small tables and maybe four chairs in the store). I'd imagine most people get the pastries to go. The selection is small so come earlier before it's all gone.The time I went, I selected the Mont-Blanc chestnut cake, a kabocha pie and an apricot/almond pie. I did so to sample their two variety of crusts (a shortbread crust, a puff pastry crust) and their sponge. Suffice to say, I was genuinely impressed.If you could only use one word to describe the Suzuya's pastries it would be this: symphony. They have a precision of flavors and textures that makes every note in your mouth sing. That's right - this place is the Ode to Joy of pastry perfection. It is a marriage of subtle spicing/sweetening (to enhance but not overwhelm the ingredients) and excellent technical skill.The Mont-Blanc cake is sponge cake layered with pastry cream and chestnut puree. The sponge cake flavor is just right - not too heavy handed on vanilla. With all the pastry cream, it retained a wonderful texture despite all that moisture. Chestnut purees tend to be overly sweet but they were perfect here.Kabocha pie - what a wonderful idea! It was a Japanese take on pumpkin pie and truly I was floored. What perfection of puff pastry crust! When it comes to pies, it's hard to find a pastry crust that is equally flaky even on the bottom. Well, lo and behold, Suzuya has it down to a science. The filling to pastry to ratio was just right as well. Finally, the apricot/almond pie. This was the husband's favorite pastry. A crispy shortbread crust adorned with glazed apricots and moist almond filling. So good and it was the special of the day.If I have one criticism of this place, it is the prices. The three items I purchased added up to $12-ish. For the price, it would be nice to have a larger portion size for each of the desserts. However, that being said, I have paid way more for dessert elsewhere and received significantly less enjoyment.Overall, for some amazing Asian pastries, this place is a 5 starred place in my books.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,8/9/2013,318,159,4,13,9>Flatbread Lounge just wouldn't have the same ring, but the latest addition to the ever-changing options at Tivoli Village is probably not the place to satisfy a craving for greasy, thin crust pizza. The pear-gorgonzola flatbread that I ordered here had a great balance of flavors, set off by a drizzle of balsamic syrup. However, the flatbread-style crust was slightly thick, chewy, and a bit dry-- not the most desirable vehicle for the delicious toppings. My personal-sized pizza, at around $10, was big enough to serve two people. The calamari salad ordered by my husband was also a generous portion. A  side of hand-cut french fries arrived coated in an addictive seasoning blend. The menu of appetizers, salads, pizzas, pastas, and sandwiches is broad and great for sharing. A group could definitely enjoy an affordable night out while sampling a variety of Pizza Lounge's fare.The vibe is dark and classy cool, but the tables are way too close together, which takes away from its appeal as a date night destination. The outdoor seating looked very nice, but the weather wasn't cooperating for this option. We prefer booth seating to accommodate a baby carrier, so we were seated tightly with groups on either side of our table. I may have been glancing at the progress of their meals, hoping they would be leaving soon. I can recommend Pizza Lounge for large groups-- if you are going to be right in the middle of others' conversations, you will feel more comfortable if you know these people (especially if you're tempted to grab a slice of pizza off another table!)The photo of the chocolate pizza is what made me bookmark this location and give Tivoli Village another chance to impress, so we had to order that for dessert. Topped with Nutella, chocolate syrup, toasted almonds, dried cranberries, and whipped cream, it just needed a better base than the same flatbread used for every other pizza on the menu. The service was attentive and very friendly, so I won't hesitate to give four stars to the Pizza Lounge, and a special thanks to the young man (appeared to be a manager) who offered to store our baby stroller inside the restaurant while we enjoyed our meal.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/8/2013,682,135,22,11,11>My business card simply says "I'll call you"My resume consists of a single photograph of me.The signature on my medical prescriptions once won a PulitzerMy tears can cure blindness, although it's too bad I never cry.Patients apologize to me for getting sick.All my rival doctors list me as their emergency contact number.I once ran a marathon because it was on the way to work.I once had an awkward moment by slurping a curry noodle soup and splattering curry all over my dress shirt...just to see how it feels.Fortunately Thrift-D-Lux was there to remove it to my satisfaction.  Even after 3-4 attempts, they only charged me regular price. Extremely consistent, efficient, and excellent customer service for dry-cleaning/shirt laundering in the Anthem area.   *Be sure to check out their website before arriving to print out coupons that they post regularly for discounts off dry-cleaning, shirts, comforters, etc.*Orders guaranteed to be ready for pickup the next day.  Open seven days a week. *New delivery service available to home or business with one time fee of $2.50*Very pleasant and professional staff, be sure to grab a complimentary bottled water and popcorn out of their old-time popping machine on the way out.I don't always have my clothes dry-cleaned or laundered, but when I do, I prefer Thrift-D-Lux.  Stay dapper, my friends.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,8/7/2013,615,292,11,24,22>For my Century Yelp review, I couldn't go with any other than what is becoming a breed dying off faster than the gangsters who built Vegas did: a true institution which still lives up to its past glory while taking you back in time during your dining experience. Having a strong drink and a chat with Don at the bar can yield some fantastic Rat Pack lore. Usually, a crooner and a band will lend to the vibe. If you've seen the movie Casino, you've seen the interior: dark, clubby, with well dressed patrons (make reservations) Captains, helpful Sommelier and slightly reminiscent of the interior of the Venetian Restaurant (on Sahara, where Herbs & Rye holds court) My folks and family have been frequenting Piero's for years and are greeted as familia. It is always bustling, with locals and tourists alike. Famous for the "garbage" Caesar (delicious and chock full of unexpected, but perfect ingredients which takes a classic to another level) Osso Bucco is one of the most famous dishes this kitchen prepares (for a rumored 6 hours) and everyone I know who has had it, raves and orders it again and again. Simple dishes such as Pasta Puttsnesca are also given the respect and a twist which makes them stand outs. Seafood dishes are stars here, as are saltimbocca, lamb and chicken standards. Steaks come prepared as ordered and with raves, always extra sides arrive, the creamed corn being a favorite. My dish is usually Zuppa di Pesce, though sometimes since they know me so well, I'll go with a suggested special, or just ask for an off menu item. This is the kind of Italian fare we'd have at Nonna's in Bensonhurst on Sundays, slow cooked with great love and simple, fresh ingredients. Meals are never rushed, it is an experience. Usually aperitifs like Limoncello, grappa and Sambucca are savored with demitasse and an array of desserts suggested or sent by the house. By all means, trust the experience and suggestions of the staff here, choose a wine with the help of the Sommelier and take a step back in time while enjoying a very rare place where old Las Vegas meets new Las Vegas without losing any of its glory. One almost expects Old Blue Eyes, Sammy and Dean to sidle up to the next table...Yelp 100 Challenge: 1 of 100 (and my 100th review!)
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,8/6/2013,100,235,14,12,12>Parma is one of those places where the food is so good that if it fell on the floor, I'd still eat it. No 10 second rule.No shame.I would legit, scrape everything off of the floor and eat it.Because it would still be better than 90% of the food being slopped around in Las Vegas restaurants, some of which has fallen on the floor without your knowledge.Parma looks like it might be a chain restaurant-the sign is generic and it's in this tiny strip mall, sharing space with a Trader Joe's and a K-Mart, but outside of that, there is nothing generic or conventional about it. Step inside and the setting is kind of romantic with low lighting, intimate seating and a cozy lounge. You'll forget that someone rushing to get toilet paper at K-Mart almost just mowed you down in the parking lot.The food here is something to be celebrated. The menu here is a combination of main staples and specials of the day which keeps things fresh and interesting. More importantly, everything here just tastes like love! Who says that? I just said it! I brought my mom here, the pickiest eater I've ever met besides the 9 year old I nannied for in college, and she had not one complaint. Only the second time this has happened....in my life. On our visit, we had the beet salad which was enough to split between two people. The beets were fresh and we got a variety of colors which made for a pretty presentation. The dressing that came with it was simple but really brought all of the flavors of the salad together. My mom got some kind of cod and I got the pork chop "el chico" which was basically an enormous, quality pork chop with a sweet/hot pepper sauce. Like I said, my mom is the worst dining companion ever because she hates everything, but she  liked her fish so much that she was making audible noises of satisfaction when eating, which was embarrassing and satisfying at the same time. (I love to say "I told you so" when it comes to picking restaurants.)I know some would consider it blasphemy to go to a place like this and not order pasta, but I didn't on my first visit. So when I came back with some friends, I dipped into their pasta selection with chicken riggies, ravioli and wild mushroom papardelle. It was hard to pick a favorite, but because I am partial to meat in my pasta, I was really surprised by how flavorful and complex the papardelle was-so amazing! I've had freshly made pasta before, but Parma has the best execution, cooking the pasta to perfection and not over or under-saucing it.  The staff is friendly and eager to share recommendations. They have a decent wine list and if you have a favorite you'd rather bring instead the corkage fee is only $10! What I like so much about this place is that their non-pasta dishes shine just as much as their pasta dishes- so hard to find when it comes to Italian food.  I'm so excited to have found a place that just loves to make incredible food as much as I love to eat it and can't wait to go back!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,8/5/2013,110,209,8,16,15>Great customer service, knowledgeable and motivated folks, great atmosphere...and great coffee. Plus drive thru! And free Wi-Fi! And really sweet tunez! And comfy overstuffed leather chairs/beautifully-stained wooden bistro chairs and tables! And superior hand-made coffee drinks! :-) You might just think this is + the + best place to get a cuppa joe. They also have really good smoothies. My favorite is the mango.Look, it's simple. This is a small family run place trying to make a go of it. They compete (effectively, in my opinion) with multi-national conglomerate chains and franchises with vastly superior cost structures and exponentially-developed corporate-class support. This is just a gal with encouragement and support from her family and help from whatever employees she can attract serving the best products they can at the best price they can.In the end, it's a consumable product like a mango smoothie or a cafe latte...but it's the people behind the product and these people deserve support and patronage.  This is the kind of business I like in my neighborhood: independent, entrepreneurial, jobs-creating/jobs-supporting, ExtraGoodGoodKarma producing businesses.Located off Blue Diamond and Decatur in the Albertson's shopping center, consider choosing Beanz Coffee Cafe for your next hang out, coffee date, or caffeine fix. You'll be glad you did. I know I am.Ask for a rewards card...and a free coffee cup (while supplies last).Yeah, I'm totally digging this place. Only one regret: not being "first to review".
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,8/4/2013,367,459,15,16,12>I could write a one-line review of this place--$10 for two cheese enchiladas, rice and beans, sopapilla, and a Mexican coke equals a happy belly. But I'll elaborate a bit.Yes, it is a great deal. Yes, the flavors are delicious. But the real winner here is the green chili sauce. Is this Adderall? No, it's Carlito's green chili. This sauce makes you feel good all over, like you were donating money to charity or listening to George Michael (both of which I did on the day in question, so obviously it was a super good day). What I liked second best about the place was not its sopapilla (but really, eat that thing first when it comes out when it's hot and melty--it's not as good cold) or its Mexican coke (hands up if you h8 high fructose corn syrup) but how you can pick your sides. I'm not one for refried beans, but black beans make my heart sing out with joy, so getting to be all democratic and have a choice in my Mexican side dishes is casting a vote and knowing your candidate will win and be successful in office--I rocked that vote, my friends.All of this is to say, try this place out. It's kind of in the middle of nowhere (as much as something can be in Vegas can be in this sea of suburbia, amirite?) but if you seek it out, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,8/3/2013,1041,258,10,15,15>I love cute little boutiques such as Patty's Closet. This particular store is always organized, clean, and has my size! I wouldn't say I fall in love with every item they carry, but I can always count on finding a gem or two for an incredibly reasonable price. I have also been impressed with their service on each visit. The girl working always offers feedback and helps me make a decision if I am hung up on several items. Just recently I found a gorgeous, solid quality dress for $27..with my yelp check in discount it came to $24 total! That was a steal. Patty's Closet has a great selection of clothes for different styles with affordable prices and great customer service.Also, I love reading (probably fake) reviews from people crying about their $20 dress being "poor" quality. I can understand over paying for poor quality items (bebe) and whining about it..but if i paid $20 bucks for a dress and it falls apart, I am not going to cry about it.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,8/2/2013,1742,366,9,18,12>This store is Amazing cute with all of the old school collectible toys that are a real pleasure to see again!. My sweetheart and I drove by here today and noticed it so of course we had to turn around to stop in and check it out.It has only been open for one month so is new on the block. It is a smaller store however jam packed with great old school toys in great condition as that is very important to them the sweet employee stated. They have a big mix of different toy collections from Transformers to Felix the cat.They buy and sell as today the employee pointed out that she just purchased extra large figures of batman and robin which were very cool and something I had not seen before.They even had one of my very favorite original mini transformers autobots that I had owned when I was a kid.They also had an original star scream decepticon that my sweetheart also owned as a child. They were asking $85.00 bucks for it so I was joking with him that I bet he wishes he had kept his old toys as some of them are worth something nowadays. lolI noticed that a lot of their toys have the original parts and/or instruction manuals and that is really neat!Anyhow this is a very cute store and worth a trip to check it out for sure.The adorable young lady behind the counter was a real sweetie and it was a joy talking with her as well.Check it out for a blast from the past!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/1/2013,135,529,7,19,17>In the times I've been, I've attempted to try something different on the menu, but I always steer back to the same thing. The first time my friends and I shared the appetizer tower, it was nice because you got a little bit of everything to try. We then came back for Spring 2013 Restaurant Week, and were treated to even more tasty plates. I haven't been able to get the Watermelon Goat Cheese Salad out of my mind since, I just have a hard time ordering it when I'm there because, it's $9 and not very big, so I can't get full on watermelon and then drink, yea know what I mean? For my entree, I had the Monkfish. This was heaven, best monkfish I've had since Buddakan in NYC. And for dessert we had, the Vanilla Ice Cream served with homemade potato chips. This was really creative and delicious. Other menu items I've had, not a huge fan of the Seabass, thought is was a bit dry. My favorite, along with the rest of the crowd is the Pineapple Quinoa Fried Rice. Can't get enough. I like the cocktails here, only thing I wish they would bring back the boba they used in the China Cat Sunflower. They have a great patio, and I love the inside/outside bar.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,7/31/2013,277,200,13,17,15>Now I know why this restaurant has gotten such great reviews... GREAT TASTING FOOD! Not only was the food good but so was the service. When were we there, it wasn't too busy so we were seated right away. We decided on the Seafood Soup with Cambodian noodles, Beef Chow Fun, and the Spicey  Chicken. The reason why I got the soup was because of the Cambodian noodles. It was good but I couldn't tell the difference between Cambodian noodles and noodles that are used in Vietnamese pho. I thought it was the same type of noodles. My boyfriend and I agreed that the Beef Chow Fun was the best we've had in Vegas thus far - it wasn't greasy, it wasn't dry, it was perfect, IMO. And the Spicey Chicken was better than expected. It had a hint of spiciness with a hint of tanginess combined.I'm already looking forward to my next visit to Wendy's Noodle Cafe!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/30/2013,181,172,8,8,7>Oh my goodness! How am I just discovering this place? One of the guys at Those Guys Pies recommended them to me. Yelpers, they are so good I ate there two days in a row. They offer burritos and gringas and different things but I say go with the tacos. Hubby tried them all and loved them. I as usual chose al pastor, two rancheras (with avocado and crema) and two regular. The meat is SUPER moist and flavorful. Four really wasn't enough, they are extraordinarily light! I could've easily eaten 20! As if super tender, moist meat wasn't enough, holy cow the salsas are amazing. And really, you can have sub-par meat but a good salsa elevates a taco. Oh man the green one was sooo good! Super hot and onion-y. It will give you terrible breath (as I write this I still smell to onions) but that's how good it is! I brought a bunch of containers home and have used the salsa to make huevos rancheros, poured it into a bowl of clam chowder and used it with fish. FYI, they are open thursday-sunday. Go get yourself some great tacos for dinner tonight!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,7/29/2013,274,498,7,7,8>For a while, I had The Martini bookmarked and labeled as, "To Try: Fish & Chips." As tempting as it was to order fish & chips when I visited, I didn't. Resisting the urge to indulge in a basket of deep fried delicacies, I chose the "healthier" route and ordered the Ahi Tuna Sandwich with a side of of house fries instead of the optional sweet potato fries and house salad. The sandwich wasn't bad. It was just an ordinary fish sandwich with greens and cheese. If it wasn't for the wasabi cream, it would've been dull.The drinks are cheap and range from $8-$14, depending on what you order. My dining companion ordered a martini called "The Hummingbird" for its Elderflower Liqueur. The drink was presented to her in what appeared to be a laboratory beaker. It was a little bubbly, and it had a pleasant and light sweetness. Our server was excellent. Granted, my friend and I were the only two people in their dining room, but she came by often to see how we were doing. She even encouraged us to return the following day to checkout a few Chippendales dancers who were going to be serving drinks to ladies. Not really my cup of Ovaltine, but that was nice of her to inform us. The Martini is a fine neighborhood bar with fantastic service and decent food. I'll have to return when I feel like clogging my arteries with their fish & chips.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,7/28/2013,76,81,6,12,7>For those who don't want to go downtown to be a part of a coworking environment, a few friends and I came across this gem of a coworking space. This is one of the many businesses located at loft works on Sunset and Tenaya Way and it is extremely spacious. They have modern furniture, desks, chairs, office equipment. I've been a fan since I got here.JR and Kat are the owners of this establishment and it's been around since early 2012. It's never too quiet here as there are a couple startups and independent workers who don't want to pay hundreds or thousands of dollars for office space. That being said, it's still quite empty almost all of the time, my guess is no one knows about this place because the owners are great people.The space is incredibly open and I have had no problem speaking with other people during the day. Heck, since every loftworks facility has a massive glass garage door for parking (if an owner wanted to use it for that), I see daylight. DAYLIGHT!! For nerdy tech guys like myself, it would almost sound like an urban legend, but it really does exist! The open space and well lit environment does help bring an open community from what I can tell. Perks: Free snacks, free drinks, whiteboards, the fastest wifi available (I remember it was in some video, 50mb/s) happy feelings!Instead of paying a crapload for office space, I got a month to month pass for $125/month. I know  it's not the $25/year deal for /usr/lib but let's be frank, you get what you pay for. I like the monthly $125 rate because I know I would be spending way more anywhere else and I don't want to deal with the madness of going to a Starbucks where it's loud or if I need to make a call the library is no good.It's normally $10/day or you can get a punch card for 5 or 10 days IIRC that averages to about 7.50/day. I was coming here 2/3 times a week so it made since I would get a punch card. I also think they have higher rates for a dedicated desk or something.This place is ideal for people who- Work independently- Want very reasonable priced office space- Can't work from home because it's harder to focus- Startups- Like to network and meet new people- Need the occasional conference room or meeting space- In between offices or would like to have cheap space While this is a great coworking environment and mingling will happen, just remember most people do pay money to work. I can tell the owners really want natural coworking to happen and imo they have all the tools for it to happen, it's tough to explain but you can tell this isn't forced.I think if you want to work and don't want to deal with a starbucks or spend hundreds of dollars and want to try something new, I strongly recommend CoBiz.Oh yeah, you can bring your dog here as well! #puppypower
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,7/27/2013,112,200,11,16,6>There should be a law, even an amendment to the constitution? Always check Yelp before leaving the house. If we all were to do that everything would be fine. I wouldn't have any gray hairs, my kids might do their homework, Obama & Boehner would grab Starbucks and carpool to Washington together? I need a tint job on the new jalopy and yelp indicates these guys may be the answer.The reception is bright, clean with big tv and coffee, I am offered three different tints, with various degrees of heat protection as well as the typical choice of % tints.I opt for nano-particle, I am assured it can block over 90% of infra red heat! Sounds good and I will try to remember to update in July.So I wait on the comfy coach, watch my once mighty Aston Villa lose to Manchester City on FSC and just over two hours later, my car is done. Its clean, no tint off-cuts stuck to the car and the tech greets me and explains that I need to not wash the interior windows or lower the glass for 48 hours. They even put some tape over my window switches so I don't forget. He must know me?Excellent, Yelpers WERE correct, top tint shop.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,7/26/2013,96,108,8,12,7>WOW!! WOW! WOW! WOW!! I could type WOWS ALLLLLLL day long =) Okay so we parked in the garage right next to the museum and as we were walking towards the front doors we ran in to 2 DIFFERENT families with kids crying they didn't want to leave! Okay so I LOVE seeing others reactions to gauge how the experience was and well HELLO kids loving it? I was SOOO excited for my daughter! As soon as we walked in an saw the 4 story play place she was shaking like a chihuahua with excitement. We payed $12 each and asked if we could upgrade to the year membership before we leave. They told us to hang on to the reciept. First things first my daughter and I went for the play place! Each level had different themes and things for my 3y/o to play with! We just kept climbing and climbing....eventually losing my husband lol. I decided on the 2nd floor we'd go back down and meet up with Hubby, who was with my son. We ventured into the water room and went crazy!!! Even my almost 1yo son had fun in here!! We took the kids on over to Toddler Town where they have a crawling area for kids UNDER 18 months and my son went crazy with all the different textures and toys and mirrors and speed bumps! My daughter played mining and could even finger paint! I stayed with my son while Hubby took my daughter to the pirate ship to play dress up! I rejoined them in time for her to dress like a princess and visit the castle.Time for the 2nd level. PRETEND TOWN! For real it has a Wells Fargo, Jamaba Juice, Smiths, vet's office, a construction site, and an auto garage! My daugheter played in every single one....TWICE! The other side half of the 2nd floor is the nutrition zone which I will be able to explore more next time. They also have a George Washington exhibit goin on which was pretty interesting! I cant remember if the arts and crafts room was on the 2nd or 3rd floor either way my daughet got to paint and then color a cardboard square to be made into her own PUZZLE!  The 3rd floor definitely houses the air current area and physics area as well as CSI town. All in all as we were leaving we purchased year passes!! We went for the Discovery Memebership and we might even be having her birthday here! I HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY suggest taking kids ages 6months-10 years here!!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/25/2013,289,194,4,16,11>Yup the 2 things that makes this theater different:1. Craft beer on tap: $10 for a 32oz, and $7 for a 20oz. Meh on the prices but atleast they got the beer.2. Really comfy powered reclining chairs.Other than that the theater is pretty standard compared to others in town. There are only a few screens so movies and showtimes are limited. But these are some pretty tempting features, and when considering that their ticket prices are the same as the other places, why not have comfy chairs and beer in hand? The theaters are very roomy, people are able to walk by with ease - no more stepping on your feetGalaxy did a great job renovating what used be a old United Artist theater that went out of business years ago. Unlike some of the other theaters, this place has plenty of parking (both covered garage and open lot) and there are several restaurants with in walking distance. Hopefully more theaters jump on this 'luxury' idea maybe we can have these seats in all the theaters.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/24/2013,92,607,6,17,11>This is a cool new space at The Palms.  It used to be The Playboy Club, and basically the decor is the same.  They removed all of the gaming tables and booths and put in billiards tables, shuffleboard, etc.I was here after the Rock & Brews event out at the pool, because I was told by the hostess that they have happy hour from 9p-11p.  During that time, drinks were 1/2 off (they are pretty pricey otherwise - $12-$13 each).  It was not crowded and it was a really chill environment.  This is the perfect place to kick off your night of clubbing or bar hopping.We played shuffleboard, but honestly the table seemed kind of wonky.  It seemed crooked or something, and it ended up being not very fun, because nobody (except me!) could actually score any points.The view is amazing and makes this place worth a visit, especially if you have out of town guests.  I would assume that there is still easy access to Moon, since they are attached.Overall a fun time, even if the shuffleboard was off!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,7/22/2013,105,141,10,14,9>Since the first time I visited Hobby Lobby I was in love with this place.  Don't be fooled by the name this isn't just a lobby for a hobby.  LOL  If you are looking for something crafty - they have all that (similar to Michael's and Joanne's) but the HUGE plus is that they have home décor.  If you are looking to decorate some walls, add some furniture, even enhance your home with new accents this is the place!  Now I take away one star because this place can be a little countryish.  If that's your thang then you will be in Country Heaven singin with the birds but don't get me wrong they have a wide range of styles (just alot of country) and I'm not really down with that.  I have noticed a lot of bedroom décor for girls and teenagers that would be really great if you are looking for that.  Wall mirrors and clocks are everywhere.  There is a huge frame section if you are looking for something unique.  They also go big on holiday décor-like right now there are rows of Memorial Day/4th of July items.  I might be back for some of that.  The prices are super reasonable and there are sales all the time.  The best secret is their new phone app that gives you deals....like right now I have a 40% off one item that I think I might use on a silk tree for my living room.  The customer service here is bomb!  Everyone is always willing to help.   One added thing, they are closed on Sundays *a day of rest I am guessing.  I'm a big fan!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,7/21/2013,154,668,11,18,15>Take a Redbox movie dispensing machine with no personality AND BLOW IT UP!  Now take those blasted bits and more and make a store. Mix with a bunch of charm, then add a heaping serving of movies. Next, add multiple dashes of small business. Flambé with a entrepreneurial flame and add a dash of candy.  Wah-la!!...you get Movies & Candy.Stopped in with the boy before he got some hairs cut (from our barber that is conveniently located next door) to explore.I did not get to meet Trevor and Katie (owners) but I did get to meet Trevor's mom.  She greeted us as we walked through the door and was so very pleasant.  She gave me a run down on what M&C was all about.They rent movies for a dollar a day.  New releases which are two dollars a day.  A list of the new movies can be found behind the register.  Different areas of the store contain whatever genre of movie you are looking for.  I particularly  liked the section which included the 100 classics.  Probably not the AMC list of classics but I sure as hell recognized many that are in my own metal list of classics.The also have a cornucopia of other "classic" movies for sale.  If memory serves I believe it was one movie for four dollars and three for ten dollars.There is other movie-esque items for sale at the listed price.The candy which is situated about the store is varied mix match of yumminess. A one pound bag will cost you $7.50 a pound.  I walked with about $4 of peanut butter cups, chick-o-sticks and candy apple suckers.We had the pleasure of watching a little girl who came in with her mom act literally like a kid in a candy store.  Adorable!They have an cozy home style theater for rent.  It will cost you (forgive me) about $7-8 a person.  You can even bring in a pizza or WINE and watch a movie with a group or a loved one.  "The Sound Of Music" was playing and I very much would have enjoyed sitting on the couch or recliner style movie seats but I had other things to do.  However, I will be back.Trevor's mom told me that pretty much all the movies you see in the store came from his personal movie collection.  Impressive!  I can't wait to meet you and chit chat.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,7/20/2013,51,324,9,18,13>! HOLY BOOKARONI !This is my new favorite bookstore! The owners Myrna and Lou Donato are lovely.When I come here me and my pocketbook float through on a cloud of mysterious powers...Honestly I love the smell of used book stores. Call me crazy but I can not help it. I was searching the city and then the whole world (on Ebay etc) for Star Trek 1-12 and a few other ones. All first edition.Seriously... I had called EVERY OTHER bookstore in the city and they either did not answer their phone (on a Wednesday at about 3pm) or they were rude and did not want to have anything to do with me...and I was down to the very last two on the long list. FINALLY Lou answered the phone and was a complete sweetheart and told me he had the whole set (from memory) and that I was welcome to come and look at them. I explained I wanted the originals but they do not have to be mint because I'm going to read them. I told him I was jumping in the car right then and there and I would see him soon.When I got there I asked for Lou and explained that no matter what his kindness on the phone was priceless and he was THE ONLY person in Vegas that would help me and that I almost took my business online :) He told me thanks, that it was terrible that they did not want my business and that he was glad I called. After some further chit chat he said that his wife would escort me next door and that was the area for the Sci-Fi. Outside the store we immediately turned to next door and she unlocked it and we went in. Through a further maze of books...THERE IT WAS...and if you look at this pic this is only a tiny area of the Sci-Fi selection.Pic: yelp.com/biz_photos/ambeAnyway...I found alllllll the set that I needed plus a ton more...WOW! I was kinda scared at first about the amount and how much weight my pocketbook would lose :) So I head back over to the other side and then the counter. They were getting ready to close at that point so I have enough time to get everything and dream before I had to checkout. I spoke to Lou again and we had all kinds of cool conversations. And as a bonus he had this on his counter.Pic: s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com How cool is that?!?!?!? Anyway :) He gave me a quote and then went down a little because I bought about 16 books and gave me the Trader Joe's receipt discount. I knew it was a great price and in the mist of floating on my book cloud. Honestly I did not care at that point if this sweet local business inflated the price. Which he did not AT ALL. It probably helped that I was collecting these books and not going to walk out and resell them. So here is a glimpse of my new babies.yelp.com/biz_photos/ambeIn closing THANK YOU LOU and your helpful staff for making me feel like family. I will be back many times. I'm sure to tell EVERYONE I know about your wonderful store and how lovely you are.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,7/19/2013,227,338,10,15,13>So here's my take on Kuma Snow Cream.  It's a finely shaved ice creamish dish? The Taro Snow Cream I got was light, sorta icy, slightly creamy, but not as dense as ice cream but still full of flavor. The only small qualm I have about it is it reminds me of imitation ice cream and I'm wondering does it have any artificial flavoring? Aside from that I still enjoyed my dessert.   It's more 3.5 rounded up to a 4 cause I'm a fan of the flavors and toppings they carry here. What I Really Like About Kuma Snow Cream:The snow cream stays colder longer. It didn't melt as fast as my frozen yogurt or ice cream usually does.The exotic flavors they offer. Like Taro snow cream. Now all they need is Black Sesame!Toppings hardly available at your typical froyo joint like Custard, Red Bean, Lychee, and Condensed Milk are provided here..... and I repeat now all they need is Black Sesame.Reasonably priced. I got the "Create Your Own" Ninja sized 20oz  piled with three toppings and choice of sauce drizzled on top for $5.50. Now if I was at the yogurt place the same thing weight wise would've cost $2 more. So you get a pretty good value here! I like the cutesy names for the combinations they had.  "Bruce Tea" for the green tea chef inspired  snow cream creation. It sets the overall tone of the place as fun, light hearted, and family friendly. Where is Kuma Snow Cream:Chinatown/Spring Mountain/Valley View vicinity your visual cue is the Starbucks. Parking is hit or miss depending on time of day you go.The interior and service counter is small but the place is spacious enough to handle a large crowd. Seating area is limited to 3 (or was it four?) tables and some bar stools lined up along the wall.The employees were friendly and all smiles and eager to help. Place your order and if you are dining in they will call your name when your order is ready.Okay that's 1 visit down for me. 8 more to go till I get my free Sumo sized one from the punch card. Hopefully it will be a Sumo size cup of Black Sesame (hint hint)
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,7/17/2013,72,167,8,11,11>I haven't been to Social House since it was located in TI years ago. From what i can remember there seems to be some similar items on the menu. Of course my guy and I decided to go big and get the 10 course Omakase w/ a side of a 5 course saki tasting. I'm not as young as I used to be and I just can't hang with 10 courses anymore! Luckily my guy can pick up the slack! Everything was delicious -  kobe sashimi, scallops, braised beef, mango pudding and these leche donuts, holy crap! I drank too much saki so I honestly don't remember it all.At the end the chef came to talk to us. When he found out we were local he told us to come back and make sure we mentioned we were locals who had been there before so he could make sure we got to try something different. This made our night. There is no point in doing a chefs tasting and spending all that money to taste something you have already tasted. We'll go again to see what else the chef can do for us.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,7/16/2013,893,876,14,14,13>I'm seriously addicted to chocolate. I must have it every single day or I start to shake, get angry and feel like death is upon me.  So, whenever I'm at Caesar's Palace, I make it a point to stop by Max Brenner to get my chocolate fix.  They're always busy.  I'm not picky as to where I sit and enjoy my chocolate so most of the time, I eat at the bar so I don't have to deal with shenanigans.  Or you can also go to the chocolate shop attached to the restaurant and grab boxes of chocolates, shirts, chocolate-scented bath stuff, etc.  I always get tin cans of chocolate-covered pistachios and chocolate-covered hazelnuts.I've honestly never tried their savory dishes.  Who needs a savory meal when you can have chocolate for lunch/ dinner?  My favorites are:Hazelnut Cream Banana Toffee Crepe:A nice crepe filled with chocolate hazelnut and sliced bananas.  In a small beaker, chocolate sauce to pour all over the crepe.  Caramel ice cream. Chocolate wafer balls.  5/5Banana Split Waffles:Crunchy waffles with banana halves topped with vanilla ice cream. A beaker of chocolate sauce and some chocolate wafer balls. 5/5Chocolate Chunks Pizza:A pizza with melted chocolate on top then 2 toppings you want: peanut butter, hazelnut, marshmallows and bananas.  Or you can get The Works to get all toppings.  I personally like hazelnut and banana.  5/5Fondue:You have 4 options:  tempura, sugar churros, classic European and S'mores.  Of these, I like the classic European because you have a wider variety of goodies you can dip into chocolate such as cookies, marshmallows, sponge cake, strawberries and bananas. 5/5If chocolate is my drug, Max Brenner is my dealer.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,7/15/2013,173,9,14,20,17>"Whoa, what?!  Pinball Hall of Fame?  Are you serious?!" I thought when I saw the listing. "This can't be real."  But it was, it was!  As a very serious adult type person, I decided to tell one of the coolest kids in my life about this.  After watching about 3 videos of the place, he was absolutely jumping up and down.  This may be an 11 year old's biggest dream come true, and there is no entry fee, no catches or gimmicks, just a whole lotta pinball machines, game machines, candy machines, even a moustache machine for some reason!  Every day I saw him from the day I showed him the videos on, he asked, "Can we go to the Pinball Hall of Fame TODAY?  I have $20 in quarters!!!"  Tonight, I finally gave in and we made the trek down Tropicana to this nondescript, illustrious wonder of a place.  Upon entry through the door, the place was truly a wonder to behold.  Four double-sided rows (or more!) of pinball games, a solid row of old school arcade games (the original Punch Out, Tetris, and Super Mario Bros - even Joust!), multiple quarter candy machines (Reece's Pieces, cashews, gumballs), and even the claw games you can never really win (but you sure do try!)We played Indiana Jones pinball, The Simpsons pinball, Super Mario Bros pinball, Ripley's Believe It or Not pinball, Flintstones pinball, Stargate pinball, and on and on until we had spent about $30 or so.  Lots of the machines had 5 balls instead of just three and extra game deals if you purchased more than one game.  It was fun remembering that if you matched the numbers at the end of the game, you actually won another free game!  We loved the games with multiball and really dug the games that gave you your ball back when you lost it too quickly (happens a lot during pinball, but you usually lose the ball!) He found an old school basketball game that was kind of mechanical and cool and a neat shoot 'em up game where you hit moving targets.  We played the last one together for a while and he loved the fact that there were actually moving parts instead of just an electronic screen!  (Ahh, back in the day, right?)  By some magic, we made it out with quarters left, big smiles and ran right into a boatload of traffic on the Strip - but, it was entirely worth it.  Highly recommended entertainment and a real blast from the past - especially for us 80's kids turned "very serious adult type people" who remember the good old days when whatever was wrong in your life, a roll full of quarters and a good arcade could make it all better.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,7/14/2013,344,499,6,11,11>Does it get much better than excellent pizza and alcohol at half price during Happy Hour??Dom Demarco's Pizzeria has a dual HH, from 2-430pm (Mon-Thur) and 10pm-1am (Thur-Sat)! Every single pie, including the build it yourself styles are all half price! All the wine, beer, etc are also half price! This includes $3 Peroni's! Two pies and two drinks came out to about $20!We tried the White Truffle Pizza :yelp.com/biz_photos/dom-Which includes mushrooms, mozzarella, parmesan reggiano, chopped garlic and truffle oil. I added some Italian Sausage to boot! This was a great pizza, just a bit heavy on the mushrooms. Still very good!  Wish it was a bit more truffle'y, but a good white pizza nonetheless.Also ordered the Margherita Pizza :yelp.com/biz_photos/dom-Which has Fior di latte, mozzarella, San Marzano tomatoes, fresh basil & extra virgin olive oil. This is a great rendition of a classic, and had plenty of taste with the SM tomatoes and olive oil.I like the crust here...thin, charred with flavor, and the toppings do the talkin!  I don't care if it is authentic or not...this was good pizza!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/13/2013,161,172,11,15,11>James I. said it best.. i am a taco whore!  I am so easy if you want to get into my boxer  -briefs all you have to do is say that magic word..  You have demerits and tacos??  Good, i'll have some tacos then!  I'll drop that shit so fast knowing it will burn right through me like habanero horchata i don't even.  I'll hover, i don't care.  Its going down.  Have f'n mercy..We came here to check out this new spot, but i really think James l. wanted to show me his new toy he just got.  Who goes to a taco spot and order only 2 tacos?? Seriously??   Before we ordered we were given samples of the al pastor and automatically these pork had tremendous amount of flavor.  A bit oily, but the spices definitely took reign of the taste bud.Same setup as their competitors with the ordering.  So if you're new to this you pretty much have to stand in line or in front of the station you want to order from.I took down a lot of tacos in my life, and i would have to say this is the best al pastor i've encounter.  Super satisfy with my tacos and mulas even without the forgotten pineapples.  Like the other reviewers mention they don't skimp on meat.  My meal almost put a fight.. almost.  And James l. had no problem at all knocking down his third.   I'm still on the hunt for the best hot sauce though.  The red and green sauce here is just about the same o same o.I think seating could be an issue in the near future.. There were only like 8 booth along 3 patio tables outside. Half of the place was the kitchen while the restroom took a chunk of the seating area.  In another word come here off peak hours
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,7/12/2013,93,649,5,14,9>After at least a half dozen manicures, a couple pedicures and an eyebrow wax at Serenity,  it is time to do an update. I am still happy with the manicures I get here and do not go anywhere else, however there are a few things that prevent my from bumping Serenity up to 5 star status.One of the reasons I like Serenity as much as I do is because they offer gel manicures at rock bottom prices, and they are quality manicures that last a minimum of two weeks every time. However, as with many of the cheaper salons on town, customer service can be a little lacking here. Sometimes I am offered water, others times I am not. There have been times I have asked for additional services (usually an eyebrow wax) and it was forgotten because techs are in a hurry to move on to the next client. On my last visit I made sure to remind the tech I wanted an eyebrow wax. I should have just let her forget. While the manicures here are on point the brow shaping is not. One thing I do like a lot about Serenity is that every tech I have had has done the same, high quality job on my nails, and I have had a different tech almost every time I have gone in. I will continue to frequent Serenity every 2-3 weeks for my gel manicures and recommend that others in the area do as well. Just skip the waxing.EDIT: I now see Moon exclusively for my nails. She is awesome
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,7/11/2013,413,350,11,23,11>WOW, I think I am in meat heaven!So we accidentally found this place when we were having lunch in the same little strip mall and let me tell you, we lucked out today!  My husband and I are carnivores through and through.  I think we could give a T. Rex a run for his money if someone was dangling a ribeye in front of us!When we walked in, it was almost over whelming with all of the beautiful cuts of steak, pork, seafood, deli meats, homemade sausage in numerous flavors, and even specialities items like East Coast Scrapple.  I know I started to drool right away and I noticed my husband's eyes glazed over with pure happiness at the sight of the amazing steaks on display.  We walked in to check it out and left with $50 worth for steak and other treats for the next couple of nights.  SCORE!So this is actually a branch of The Butcher Block on the south end of town.  We used to live out there and would frequent it often for when we wanted something special for dinner or a party.  We missed it living up on the North end and thought we would just have to eat boring supermarket steaks from here on out.  Well our prayers have been answered!  We were speaking with the owner, who was working the counter, and he told us that it was the same place and he would treat us good from here on out.  WooHoo!Yes, the prices are higher here for the items for sale, but the prices are worth it once you try these steaks.  They have so much more flavor, more tender, and just much better than what you can find at the big name stores.  The product here is just fresher and it can't be beat.  And in reality, the prices weren't outrageous.  We got boneless ribeye steaks for $13.99 per lb, their super special BBQ hamburger mix for $4.99 per lb, and Boar's Head smoked turkey breast for $8.99 per lb.  No scrapple for us this time, we weren't brave enough this time.If you want a great steak without having to get gussied up to go to a steakhouse, go check out The Butcher Block for their yummy delights!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,7/10/2013,214,227,18,17,18>If I ever decide to give up having a meaningful physical relationship with another human being, I will buy a booth in this place and proceed to eat BBQ and "the fixins" for the rest of my days.  Until that time, I try to keep my visits here to a couple a month.  Given how good the food is, that has proven difficult.Two weeks ago, I took some co-workers here and one of them ordered the fried shrimp.  I know!  Stupid, right?  WRONG!  Because she eats like a bird, she gave each of us a piece and dang!  That was some amazing fried shrimp.  The batter has a lot of spices and is similar to the cornmeal batter used for catfish.  So good.  The regulars in our group agreed that the fried shrimp is our next order.  Lately, I've noticed that business is really picking up.  Glad to see it, but I considered keeping my mouth shut about this place from now on.  My duties as a Yelper won out in the end.  I go to lunch pretty early, so my current mission is to make it here when the greens are ready (these take a hot minute to cook right), because there's really not much I love more than good greens.  If my meaningful physical relationship with another human being does not work out, I may marry The Pulled Piggy with a side of kickin beans.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/9/2013,220,202,9,16,8>Oh my goodness....THIS...is freaking amazing!!!! Pretty much every review below mine has covered everything. From the price, the flavoring and taste of these tacos....I know I'll be addicted to these. I've already gone twice in the past week alone.Street tacos to the max! Small in size but packed with flavoring.This is located on the Las Vegas Strip, so all your drunk tourists can stop by here after a night of drunken nightclubbing and sober up with these tacos.For you So Cali peeps: You know King Taco? Yeah...that infamous place with bombass carne asada tacos. Well....TACOS EL GORDO is giving King Taco a run for its money. Maybe this surpasses King Taco. Who knows? I'll let you decide. So if you had KT before, you got to try these tacos out!!!!!! These won't disappoint, I promise.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,7/8/2013,213,80,2,8,7>I love their carne asada burrito con todos! The con todos makes it super creamy. The flavor is just amazing. I've been a big fan of their food since early 2000s. One of my coworkers introduced me to this place one day when I asked him where I can get a delicious burrito. The size of the burrito seems to have gotten smaller. I used to have trouble finishing it. But still, I think they are one of the best in town. I recommend using a generous amount of their green (verde) sauce.  I could probably use half a bottle on my burrito. So if they run out, you can blame me. I also like their shrimp & fish ceviche tostadas. There are other locations in town but I feel like this original location is the best.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,7/7/2013,205,232,8,13,10>With all the Thai restaurants in Vegas, it's hard to say which one is my favorite, but Chada is definitely up there with the best for me.  Hands down it is the best looking Thai restaurant in all of Vegas, they did a fantastic job with the inside.  It has a dark, wine bar feel to it.  Red glass chandelier hanging from the top, wine covering the back wall, and another wall filled w/ framed pictures.  You will be pleasantly surprised when you walk in.Rib eye salad appetizer is money!!  (For all of you who do not understand the urban slang "money" it means 'of unusually high quality, very good.'  For example, Kobe Bryant is money).  The whole menu actually has rib eye options if you don't want their regular beef chicken, pork or shrimp.  Bless their hearts for not putting fatty rib eye either, I gotta give them that, it's money!!The server recommended their grilled pork dish.  Also a money dish, big pieces of sliced grilled pork over a bed of Chinese broccoli.  Not a saucy dish by any means, very simple, but very satisfying.Last recommendation was the crab curry.  It is served with three spirals of rice noodles.  Also a money dish, the crab is not over powered by the curry.  You definitely get the essence of the crab if that is your thing.  It doesn't have that strong flavor that you are used to in other curries like panang for instance.  It's a light dish, I would share it with friends, I wouldn't make it your main entree.The least money dish was the drunken noodles.  Typical, sweet noodley dish you can get anywhere.  I would instead try the three dishes I mentioned earlier.Perfect example of a restaurant having a decent rating and not a lot of reviews but still being excellent (or I should say money).  Yelpers do not be fooled by the reviews, I would make this the next Thai restaurant to go to, it is a hidden gem indeed.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/6/2013,350,281,6,11,5>My friend says, hey there's a great hike to the hot spring, you wanna go? I said sure! Let me preface this by saying my friend likes adventure and is OK with heights, and I am not (foodie adventures! but not so much outdoorsy, and also slightly afraid of heights). The hike is down a rain wash to the river so the path is made of up small rock and pebbles. It was sunny and sun screen was a must because it is mainly uncovered. It was a comfortable walk but it worked my thighs since going was all downhill, and with the type of tennis shoe I was wearing, I got blisters on my ankles.  There was no use complaining about it at the start, so I toughed it out and tended to my wounds later. About 30 minutes in .... there was rock climbing! Ok really, it was climbing down a narrow opening on a slippery high rock.  I was freaked out and on top of that my friend says, come down backwards. I said what! I won't be able to see where I'm going and where I'm putting my feet for balance. I had to do some calming breathing for my anxiety. I finally made it with his help and guidance. It felt like 10 minutes to get down but probably more like 3-5 minutes. After getting down, I looked up at the rock and felt accomplished! Yay for me :)After that obstacle, the next couple rock scrambling/climbing was a piece of cake. We finally made it to the hot springs and there were a handful of people soaking in them already. The first one we soaked in was in the shaded area and was warm. I also dived under in the hot spring to check out the cavern inside the rock. It was nice to relax and to talk to the other people there. We didn't go further than this point but apparently there is another smaller hot spring right at the river. We went back to the other spring which was way hotter and not shaded for a couple minutes. This one is sand and muddy so when you step in, the water becomes foggy. The hike back was easy going as we were pretty relaxed after the hot spring. Would I go back? For sure but not with me as the guide, I would get lost and not know where the trial is.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,7/5/2013,64,304,4,17,10>Ok so you if you dont know i'm biased toward Wing King because i believe excellence should be rewarded and not ignored. The NEW Campus Commons is possibly THE best kept secret in the general area due to it's impressive gathering of several individual eateries with their own unique flavors as well as a community vibe. Yes i know Brian the owner. The other guy behind the counter is Brandon his brother that holds down the shop when Brian is out doing other stuff. I've eaten here a few times and i've passed them up a few times and i'd like to share why i keep on coming back.The FlavorsNow if you think there's 40 flavors as advertised you're wrong. The count i'd estimate now would be around 60 flavors with a lot more in the works. A unique thing about Brian is the gears inside his head are always turning and cranking out new flavors. The latest set of flavors (new during this re-review) all contain contain the word 'Slam' in them because he 'Slammed' them together that afternoon.So far my all time favorite flavor are any of the Jamacian Jerk flavors. Standard is quite balanced with a layer upon layer of different flavors starting from some sweetness then some tangy savory, then herbal, then aromatics, and finally a steady rising heat from spicy.  The Apple Jerk is a bit sweeter but the latest being the Jamacian Slam is my new favorite with it's cinnamon notesThe Option to Taste and Pick What You WantLets say you're torn between a few flavors or want to give a taste of what new. Ask Brian or Brandon to try out the sauce. Time after time they've shown remarkable patience and a willingness to grab the sauce bottles and give you a taste as well as explain to you the origins of the sauce and it's various other similar flavors or new flavors that have emerged from that once sauce.Tweek the FlavorLets say you choose a flavor but it's a bit spicier then you expected. This happens to me on a few occasions. I dont handle spicy all too well so i asked to cut the spicy by a third. They did it and it came out perfect. It's too spicy for you or not spicy enough? Ask them to crank it up or tweek it down. All sauces are made in house so they'd be more then willing to accommode you. The FriesTo be honest i love the regular fries. It's a mixture of the Seasoned dry rub flavor and a bit of the Cajun dry rub flavor but to me it's perfect for fries. Their fries dont come out of a plastic bag that's been frozen for a while. You are eating real washed skin on potatos and you can tell they are too, no two fries are the same and they all taste good. A new option is available to season your fries in different flavors as well. Garlic Parm is a huge hit among the masses as well as Sweet Chili. Be warned as these are better dine in then to go as the fries get soggy if you dont eat them fast enough.There's Always Room for DessertDesserts are also all home made and made in house. The usual lineup of desserts include a Red Velvet cake, their Too Much Chocolate cake, chocolate cookies, and everyone's favorite: the Peach Cobbler. If you're lucky there will be something different. I struck gold on two occasions when there was a soaked Rum cake available one day and a few weeks later a German Chocolate cake with the coconut cream center.Bottom line. If you're hungry and in the mood for a whole lot of flavors that wont leave you broke till next week. Wing King is the place to check out. If you're on a diet and dont think you should be eating wings or desserts, come anyway. Pretty sure Brian can season a basket of celery sticks for ya.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,7/4/2013,2581,216,12,24,21>YES! I finally got to experience this fabulous show. Being as the Beatles remain my all time favorite band I have been wanting to see this show forever. And i was not disappointed. We had seats in the front row but up on a ledge. I personally think this could have been the best seats in the house. The portray  of the Beatles era was spot on. The dancers were very talented. My favorite set had to be to the song Strawberry Fields Forever. The entire room went red and they had an array of various performers blowing all different types of bubbles. it was visually arousing. There was also an awesome guest interaction they put a huge white sheet over the crowd and pastel colors shown through. I highly recommend seeing this show. Especially if your a Beatles fan.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/3/2013,86,118,8,11,5>Deep dish, I did not know your were so very delicious! We ordered the WNCCPRKW??? I don't remember the initials, but I do remember stuffing myself to the point of almost asking my man to carry me out! I asked to come here for dinner because of Jamie W's review. We were so delightfully surprised at how much we loved the deep dish, we can't wait to come back and try the beef!We ordered the large pizza with sausage, mushrooms, onions, black olives, green peppers and giardiniera . It was like a flavor explosion and a delight for all of my senses. The smell of the sauce, the crisp of the crust ( did I taste a hint of butter in that crust?) the crunch of the veggies, the heat of the giardiniera, the creamy meltiness of the cheese. Thank goodness there were leftovers. I just finished a leftover slice and it was as good as last night!The staff was nice, the place was clean. All that was missing was Coke Zero.Enjoy, in moderation.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,7/2/2013,380,160,8,11,7>Holy freaking big ass plate of food!Had a 30 minute drive all the was down south, but it was definitely worth it though. Had to try their Ahi Poke Furikake style.8Standard Teriyaki chicken.8 Their Katsu was overcooked and meat was pretty dry. Im hoping it was just a bad batch because i really love Chicken Katsu.6Those Kalbi ribs though.. ugh! (Rick Ross) I thought was going to die eating those. They're the entree size for a baby dinosaur and really really tasty.10Jump on this spot, because you will liike.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,7/1/2013,230,576,3,14,8>I finally got the chance to try Amore's deep dish pizza. A little pre planning was involved because I knew that it would take about 40 minutes to prepare. I called in my order before we left just so we wouldn't have to wait so long. We came in and ordered some cheesey bacon fries while we waited for our order. We both ordered cokes but they were still cleaning their machine so they offered us some canned coke instead. It was nice that they didn't make us choose another soda flavor.Our pizza was ready once we finished the fries. The sauce had just the right amount of sweetness to it. The cheese was also nice and gooey. The slices are big! One piece would be sufficient for a meal. We were really satisfied with the pizza!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,6/30/2013,433,1034,7,16,10>I never knew what reflexology was. I just thought that it had to do with finding out what ails you by the different parts of the foot. Instead, what I got was a full on spa treatment for the low price of $30 for an hour. What? That is right. The start with the shoulders, down the back, move to the scalp, and work you over.At points during the treatment, this tiny girl was able to throw elbows into me and then climb my back. It was everything I have been missing since I went to a spa in the Philippines. I will admit that I am still a little sore, but I see that as a badge of honor. If it does not ache then they did not get down deep enough. I cannot wait for my next visit.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,6/29/2013,428,198,5,15,9>After having a savory crepe at Suzuya, when I got home, my tummy was telling me "Mike, it's time.. for a sweet one". I thought to myself, "Where is a place close to my house that sells crepes?" And I remembered, CS&W. I jumped in my car, and went here ASAP!!CS&W is located on Eastern, past Horizon Ridge, in the same complex as Trader Joe's and Sears. It's a new place that has been opened for less than 2 years and has been getting rave reviews on yelp.Inside, the store is clean, really clean. It has a modern vibe, furthermore, it is bright and airy. The staff is very friendly, professional, but very approachable. After ordering, I sat down and waited. After about a few minutes, they brought my order to me.Rebel Special Crepe - Strawberries, Nutella, Bananas. I added the vanilla ice cream and whipped cream. The crepe is more chewier than the ones at Suzuya or Crepe Expectations. It tasted O.K., just o.k. The nutella sauce they used was amazing. The bananas tasted good too. The whipped cream and Thrifty brand ice cream were very good. But, I do have a couple gripes. Now, I'm not a big fan of overly sweet desserts. But, IMO, this could have used some more sweetness. Also, the strawberries had little flavor. Maybe if they used Harry's berries, it could have been better. The crepe was a 3.Classic Waffle - Nutella, Bananas, Toasted Almonds. This time I added whipped cream and Thrifty's Cookies and Cream Ice cream. They also put a side of pancake syrup in a small container for me. For my personal preference, I'm not really into soft waffles. But, even though it was soft, the waffle had really good flavor. The nutella sauce, bananas, ice cream, almonds, and whipped cream were very good. What really elevated the waffle was the pancake syrup. It provided the right amount of sweetness for this dish, and it tied all the flavors together. Without the syrup, like the crepe, it wouldn't have been sweet enough. A big 4 to 4.5 for this one.I spent about 5 to 6 dollars for each item, it's a very good deal. I would recommend the waffle over the crepe, and I do urge you to get the pancake syrup and pour it on top before you eat it. That's my story and i'm sticking to it. Good day, sir.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/28/2013,151,137,4,10,11>HOLY CRAP!After my volunteer shift at The Neon Museum I was heading back home when I noticed their trailer opening, I decided to check them out after hearing good things about their tacos, let's say they did not disappoint.My first plate was 2 El Pastor, 1 Asada, and 1 Chorizo taco.  The chef cooked them up in a hurry and before long I was standing over a plate of awesome. The Chrosizo was good, a nice little kick but not too much spice. The Asada was probably my least favorite, it was good, but out done by the other tacos. The El Pastor Tacos were INSANE, seriously I asked how much for me to take the entire roast off the spit.The fixings/toppings bar was nice, I went with only a splash of lime, but the salsas and other options were all fresh and everyone trying them seemed to like the offerings.After Plate one I knew there needed to be Plate 2, so I ordered up 3 more El Pastor and 1 Lingua. The Lingua was really good (probably my 2nd favorite to the El pastor).  So in the end I had 8 tacos, I probably could have had another plate, but I needed to get going. I can say I will be eating there again, it'll be a great place to grab lunch after my shifts at the Neon Museum.Oh I also forgot the tacos are $1.50 each, they come on top of 2 tortillas, and are served with only meat and tortilla, there is a bar you can add salsa/veggies if you want, but I kept mine simple
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,6/27/2013,697,524,12,22,15>I have recently discovered that very yummy things come from tiny little buildings. The menu here at Sammy's L.A. Pastrami & Burgers offers a variety of options for such a small place. The outside is nothing pretty to look at but sometimes it is those places that surprise you. There is a small seating area near a walk up window if you want to enjoy your food outside. There are easy to read menus along the building of the drive-thru it is just hard deciding what to try from it. My man had to try the "L.A Style Pastrami". It was a BIG hit! It has pastrami, mustard and pickles on a sub style roll. They have 3 different sizes with the extra large being $12.99! I wouldn't recommend the extra large unless you plan to share with somebody or plan to have more then 1 meal out of it because he got the large at $9.69 and it was almost too much pastrami. Not that he complained or didn't finish every bite because he did! The guy at the window said the bad for you fried foods were all hand breaded and that they use fresh ingredients and I was craving something I could dip in ranch so I chose the "Variety Platter" at $7.99. I picked battered zucchini slices, fried mushrooms and fried mozzarella sticks. The zucchini was the best part! It really wasn't greasy and had great flavor. The fried mushrooms were good but I can't say I would order them again. The mozzarella sticks were perfect. The batter tasted good and the cheese wasn't rubbery like most places it was really stringy and super good. The ranch was thick and creamy. I really like this place and will be back regularly. There is plenty of options for burgers or chicken sandwiches. They also have a philly cheese steak that looks like it would be good. The menu says their shakes are made with "thrifty" ice cream. The "Garlic Romano Fries" are on my radar for next time.Plan to wait a while while your food is being made. It is being made fresh so it does take some time.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,6/26/2013,94,151,5,14,13>I came to this beautiful restaraunt for an event being held by Angela H.  Thanks for arranging it!  Marche Bacchus is on the complete opposite side of town from where I live.  But, I didn't come because of the atmosphere.  That was a bonus.  We were seated on the patio overlooking a lake which is the center piece of this community.  I also didn't come here because of the incredible service.  Our server was Vince, he was on top of everything.  He knew when to check in on us and take care of our needs.  Again, I didn't show up because of the extensive wine selection.  Nor, was it because of the brunch.  A decent egg, bacon, sausage and toast with a garnish of broiled tomatoes; is what I ordered.  The sausage was the star on the plate.  The reason I came was because of the people that I am becoming friends with.  They are worth the drive and everything else was just icing on the cake.  There were 20 of us and it was great building some new friendships.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,6/24/2013,887,1183,,15,11>I came here once before and gave this place 4 stars, but this time it was a 5 star experience.  As far as dining goes, this is what we ordered:Fried Calamari - $9Ahi Tuna Daurade - $162 Beef Tacos - $6Lamb Beef Sliders - $9In total, the food was $40, which was perfect as I had purchased a $20 for $40 Groupon before arriving.  I had the ahi tuna last time, and I think I'll order this dish every time I dine here.  It is simply the perfect ahi tuna.  Good size, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Honestly, it's a steal at $16.  The other dishes were delicious as well, with the jalepenos in the calamari a nice surprise, as were the sweet potato fries that came with the sliders.But the 5* experience really came from the bartender Ryan.  My buddy Tim had originally asked our server about the Riesling wines, and he didn't know the answer, so Ryan came over to chat with us.  He let Tim try two different Rieslings, and they discussed the merits of each.  When he settled on which one to get, Ryan returned with not only a glass of wine but two samplers of their sangria, the red and the white. As we ate we chatted a bit more with Ryan about scotches and specialty cocktails, and we'll definitely be coming back in to see what Ryan is capable of.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,6/23/2013,156,125,8,15,7>Best chinese BBQ place in town. I guarantee it! Do not go anywhere else. instead of a long paragraph I'm just going to tell you what to orderDO ORDER: - 3 meat combo (crispy pork, roast duck, BBQ pork) over rice *** THE BEST***- won ton noodles (you can choose type of noodle and if you want meat in it)- fried noodles with vegetables on top- chow fun (beef, pork etc)- porridge (w/ thousand yr old egg is my favorite)NOW GOGOGOGOGO!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,6/22/2013,390,337,5,14,9>Wow.I got to visit this buffet during one of my work related lunches, and I... I just didn't know.  I JUST DIDN'T KNOW!Buffets are a dime a dozen here in Vegas.  Some of great.  Delicious, in fact.  And some are like eating the dollar "value" aisle from the grocery store.  Bacchanal Buffet is incredible.  In fact, I'll go on record in saying that it's the best buffet that I've had here in Vegas.The food choices are more diverse and plentiful.  They had some surprisingly exotic foods to sample here.  Not too many buffets here serve quail eggs, for one.  But the more standard beef, chicken, seafood fare was all excellently prepared, and stylishly done.The buffet itself has a nice, modern, low-key vibe to it.  Everything is very clean and minimalistic in style, but it's very nice in presentation.  The staff was very accommodating, and quick to meet any need.And then the desserts.  Holy cow.  It's like strolling into the "previews" section of Willy Wonka's factory.  I'm not a huge dessert enthusiast per se, but everything is presented is such an eye tantalizing way that I had to sample a few of these exotic treats.  Being full, they proved to be my undoing, and I had to call "Full", but man, was it a wonderful, yet brief, journey.Is Bacchanal Buffet worth the hype?  Yes.  It's a bit pricey, but "you get what you pay for", and what you get can be greater than what you expected.Well worth a meal here.  It's delicious.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,6/21/2013,664,612,7,16,14>YU know I have to review a Japanese dining experience for my 400th review!Eric R. went off to watch NFL with friends, so my friend Heather K. and I trekked over to Chinatown to try out YU-YU!  We walked in to a chorus of irrashaimase! and suddenly Chef Hiro-san (formerly of Raku) came out to greet me - he joined YU-YU's team 2 months prior.  What luck to be greeted by someone familiar.We decided to sit at the bar, a beautiful raised space with ample counter space and leg room.  The restaurant space was also very nice, warm and comforting with some modern accents and wood tones.We started with genmaicha with matcha hot tea and ordered some skewers to start: kabocha, shiitake, quail egg, avocado, nasu (eggplant), zucchini.  Heather had the avocado and zucchini, and we shared the others.  Everything tasted delicious, but I was definitely partial to the kabocha and quail egg.  Kushi-age is served with a worcestershire-like sauce and 2 dipping salts, curry and chili, along with a referesher course of cabbage, carrot and cucumber.Heather then ordered the assorted mushroom saute (she is vegetarian).  I ordered a dish that sounded quite like me, sea urchin chazuke (with rice in green tea broth).  Chef Hiro asked if I wanted it in the middle of the meal since it is typically served at the end, but I was not following all protocol so I agreed.  He also provided us with some delicious marinated vegetable (similar to baby bok choy) in a ponzu-fish broth sauce.Chef Kiyo and another chef took care of us at the bar, along with 3 fabulous servers and a manager.  We talked at length about Japan - my trip and their last visits, where they are from, and all of the great food!  One server had lived briefly in Michigan where Heather K. is from, so they chatted about that.YU have to laugh - we asked Chef Kiyo why the cooking chopsticks are connected by string when eating ones are not - he said he had the same question, and even googled it (haha!) - he said they are hard to use but he cannot modify them.I received my sea urchin chazuke - sea urchin served on shiso leaf with wasabi floating on the rice in the green tea broth - it was very good.  We then went for another round of kushi-age, each getting kabocha, sharing quail egg, she got another avocado, and I ordered chicken meatball and curried beef tongue.  The tongue was very tender and marbled, with a great curry flavor.  The chicken meatball also was a juicy and tasty mini treat.  Once again, the kabocha and quail egg shined.Our tea and waters were refilled constantly and we had absolutely outstanding service.  It was a bit quiet for a Saturday night, but soon YU-YU will have its liquor license and will stay open later.  After more long chats with the staff we finally ordered the YUzu sorbet, which was the same sorbet I had at I-Naba (minus the pop rocks) - subtle but refreshing - not made in-house (can I get a YUzu distributor up in here??) - I dedicated my dessert to Christina W. and polished it off. Heather K. and I truly enjoyed our experience with the food, service, and atmosphere.  I know she will return with me, and though Eric R. does not like fried food, I think I can force him in for curry udon and genmaicha tea.  YU never know until YU go!  I highly recommend YU-YU for a fun dining experience.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,6/20/2013,231,230,8,17,11>I have a new rule. I made it up last night while enjoying my overly strong drink at the Laundry Room. It is as follows: I WILL NEVER BUY ANOTHER $15 DRINK IN MY LIFE, UNLESS IT COMES FROM THIS ESTABLISHMENT! Wow wow and wow again! Where do I even start?! I had plans of coming to Commonwealth for a yelp event, so I made it my mission to find a way in here. I won't disclose how I received the secret number you text for reservations, but that is THE ONLY way in. I made the reservations about a week in advance, but was told unless its a special event downtown you don't need as much notice. During the CMYE, I asked our bartender how I go about my 8pm reservation for 4. He said, simply text the number for instructions. So about 7:50 while on the roof I sent a text and was told where to meet. It's a secret door that isn't obvious unless you know about it. We were then escorted into a very small, dimly lit lounge. There were 6 gentlemen already inside who greeted us with the raise of a glass. We sat at the bar, which was our only option but I'm glad it was. Our bartender Jun was wonderful. She handed us each a menu that explained a bit about what the Laundry room was (a place for airing your dirty laundry) as well as the house rules. (No pics, no standing, don't be creepy, etc.) Then I noticed the liquor looked like it all came from the 20s or 30s. Some truly did, others they put in old school bottles. But there was no patron, belvedere, or jack Daniels to be seen. The menu was extensive and I was in love because almost every drink had a form of bitters. There were old fashions, and manhattans. As well as things I've never heard of like the lady vesper which included absinthe. My boyfriend had a Mai tai, but there was NOTHING normal about this Mai tai. All of our drinks were insanely strong and delicious. Jun did not mind schooling us on our lack of gin knowledge or any other spirits. I am not fond of expensive overpriced drinks. THESE WERE WORTH EVERY PENNY! I will never go order a $12 watered down drink at a strip casino ever again. I hope this place keeps its low key vibe, cuz I'm planning on being a regular.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/19/2013,299,177,12,19,13>Absinthe comes highly recommended! Quite possibly one of the best (and most affordable) shows on the strip.This cabaret style show is the perfect balance of cirque (and by cirque I mean circus), comedy and variety show. The Gazillionaire is your Master of Ceremonies / ringleader for the evening. You'll come to love the grease and slime of his swagger. And his sidekick Penny Pibbets is so cute and adorable the sexual outbursts won't bother you a bit. The execution of all the curse words, sexual innuendos, racist jokes and back flips is so entertaining you won't find it the least bit offensive. And if you do--too bad. Your not getting your money back so you should probably mope back to your hotel room and grow a sense of humor.On top of the laughs, the flippy bits and various circus acts are thoroughly entertaining. However, there was a strange one involving Angel Porrino and a bubble that I couldn't quite wrap my head around. I've seen the show thrice and I look forward to all the outlandish wackiness every time I go. (Thanks to my friends for hooking it up with tickets) but I would pay actual dinero to see this show myself. Its under $100 and probably the best bang for your buck show on the strip. Suitable for both men and women. Maybe not mom & dad--unless you just hang with your parents like that.This is entertainment gold my friends. If you can only see one show in Vegas, see Absinthe. As long as you're not wicked conservative or shudder at the slightest bit of obscenity, i.e. a total prude, you will thoroughly enjoy yourself and laugh for so long  you'll waltz out of here with aching abs and lifted spirits.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,6/18/2013,216,391,21,24,24>Satisfying quickies are the best, especially in the end when you both know it was a very orgasmic experience.  Both being your tummy and the empty plate in front of you!  Three, four, five, or even 69 course meals are all nice and dandy but sometimes you just need that quick fix and Settebello hits the "spot" and delivers.  Eat it like you mean it!  You know what I'm talking about, because as soon as the pizza comes out of the oven you have to eat it right away otherwise it gets cold.  Right now I'm listening to JT's Blue Ocean Floor and I'll get this review done by the time this song ends, quickie quick quick.So after visiting my parents and brother I left a little early to grub before heading to trivia and the closest bookmark I had to Shakespeare's was Settebello.  Looking at the menu I didn't see any distinct ingredients that I haven't had before on my pizza so I did the bro thing, we like our toppings on top, and chose the bottom most item which was the white pizza, Emilia.  I had a glass of the Sangria also.  My pizza came out perfect, the ingredients matches that of my other favorite place and you can tell it's from out of this country, especially my lovely Italian bacon.  Obliviously I ordered it traditional meaning uncut so it gets to my table faster but you can have the server bring it to you cut up.  Uh oh, JT is starting to repeat himself.  They do have happy hour at the bar but I didn't go for that since I could easily finish two pizzas by myself.  I didn't create my own pizza but you can add on ingredients to a pre-constructed pizza.  I love the inside and how there are servers, my server did an excellent job.  But the next time I need to try a salad, red pizza, dessert, and have straight up wine.When rumors float around they are sometimes bad but if the rumors are true about Settebello and they open up a second location at Sahara and Ft. Apache then the Summerlin folks need to feel lucky!  Who wants to break that location in with me?!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,6/16/2013,4974,721,9,19,13>I recently realized that I've had excellent experiences at every Michael Mina restaurant I've been to.  Seablue, Nobhill, American Fish etc.  They're all at least 4 stars and sometimes more.  This past trip to Stripsteak was 4.5 stars.  I have been here at least 5 times and I always bring a $50 restaurant.com coupon.  This isn't a top 3 steakhouse in Vegas but $50 off from $100 makes it a terrific value for a really solid steak.  We've recently been ordering the $72 porterhouse which is a monster cut that can easily be split 2 ways and even 3 if you get an appetizer or an extra side.  They'll bring it out to you in a pan already carved up if you want a la Peter Luger style and that's what we do.  I also love all the meaty goodness on the bone itself.  To me, kobe beef is basically that really tender, juicy part by the bone all blown up into a regular sized piece of steak.  My wife loves the filet so I eat the majority of the sirloin side which is just fine with me.  We like it rare.The sides are $14 each so 2 of those gets me to a $100 exact.  The spinach souffle is the absolute must freakin have side dish.  I don't think there's any other restaurant doing the souffle quite like this.  The server brings it to the table piping hot, punctures the top of it and pours cream into it.  One of my favorite sides ever.  I am over creamed spinach!  We're through!We went with the mushrooms cooked in bacon for our second side since we already loaded up on starch from those awesome complimentary fries they bring to the table.  Forget bread, forget appetizers, you've got french fries!  I never make it to dessert anyways.        But the kicker this evening was when it came to box the steak.  We had asked the server to box up the 2 leftover pieces along with the bone itself.  The general manager was assisting the servers and busing tables.  She accidentally threw out the leftovers not hearing the server ask her to box it up.  I didn't make that big of a beef (ha) about it but she proposed the chef to cook us another WHOLE porterhouse and box it up for us!  I was stunned.  Talk about going above and beyond!  Who are we to say no to another $72 steak?  Wow.  This was an all around great experience and I look forward to the next time.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,6/15/2013,625,73,7,17,12>I went here with three of my friends for the first time. They are like in the middle of nowhere, and we thought we were lost. The place itself looks like a ranch! (wait maybe it is a ranch lol) because they butcher their own meat. So you can count on the meat being extremely fresh! Now be forewarned, this isn't a place to come to with a large group of people to actually eat here. You are supposed to order your food and take it home as they really don't have much seating area.As for the food, wow, I ordered just the hot links sandwich, and the sauced version of the hot links blew me away. The portions are large and the price is fair.If you are tired of going to Lucilles, Famous Daves, Tony Romas ribs, and other chains, then come here and try this place out! True southern-like BBQ house.Oh and this place was featured on the "Food" Network for top BBQ houses in the country by the way!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,6/14/2013,298,217,5,16,9>One of the best people watching patios in all of Vegas! At the North East corner of the Fashion Show Mall on Las Vegas Blvd. - it's across the street from the Wynn and Encore so there's a ton of foot traffic. No matter where you sit (it's all patio seating) you'll have a great view of Las Vegas's best!This burger joint has become of favorite of ours when we're down on the strip because the food is good, the pricing is fair and the people watching is phenomenal! We love to use restaurant.com and this happens to be a newer addition to that site that sells out rather quickly each month. The nice thing is they restock the gift certificates at the beginning of each month so if you're on top of it you can snag one. They have both $10 and $25 gift certificates available. We purchased a $25 one.We came down to the strip specifically to eat here. We parked just off the strip at Nordstroms and discovered that was quite a walk, however we discovered there's a parking lot for the mall right behind the restaurant so that will be good to know for next time.There are so many tasty options here. My boyfriend ordered the Hickory Chicken Sandwich - $9.95, which was awesome! I ordered the Mini Burger Sampler which came with 3 sliders - the Blue Cheese Burger, The Jack Daniels Hickory Bacon Burger, and the Cheddar Burger - $10.95. All were tasty and I added bacon to each of them (for my boyfriends sake, since we end up sharing everything). As an appetizer we LOVE the fried pickles so we ordered the 'Threesome' as we usually do - a basket of Onion Rings, Fries & Pickle Fries - $6.95. This comes with a spicy dipping sauce similar to a spicy ranch, we also asked for a side of cheese sauce for the fries - it's like a melted cheese you'd put on nachos with green and red peppers in it. YUM!Since we weren't worried about calories (this meal was all about taste), we also ordered a Fat Tire pint of beer - $5.75 and a Banana Milk Shake (heavenly)-  $4.95. We didn't come close to finishing even half of our food but wow was it good! We'll be back soon.**Side note: they have Happy Hour daily in the bar area from 4-7pm and 11pm - close. $2 Coors Light, PBR & Bud Light drafts.**
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/13/2013,264,390,9,13,17>Lordy Lordy Lordy.  Is this place amazing or what!  I am always up for a unique dining experience and this place just blew my mind!After this appeared on my radar, having seen my yelpster pals Misty Y, Lisa R, Tony T, Terry R and new friend Arvin C and all the reviews, I was raring to go!The tough thing about going to a restaurant with your hopes high, is that it is sure to be difficult to meet the standards that you create in your mind, going in already expecting a lot.1.  Location - Oddly located on the SouthWest corner of Decatur and Flamingo, near a tire outlet. Plenty of parking, easy to find.2.  Ambiance - Modern, clean, warm, good flow, a nice way to enter and go, okay, I am gonna like the place.3.  Service - The best!  From the greeter, to the server to even the owner Jax coming out to say hi, you immediately feel you have just been seated in a first class seat!.  I mentioned to Jax that Arvin C highly recommended this place and said hi and she was really cool and appreciates yelp.4.  Busy Factor - OK, you all need to go to this place NOW.  I went there on Saturday for a 6:30 dinner and it was not too busy. I can tell you, this place is gonna be swamped in the future, so go NOW.  They also have some "happy hour" specials where the food is cheaper.5.  FOOD!!! - So, you can imagine first of all, I eat basically everything, not fear factor stuff, but I enjoy great food. I was blown away regardless of my already high expectations.  My recommendation is to order from the appetizers, cool plates and hot plates to gain a new perspective on Japanese Food and exquisite dining.  Order from  all their specials too!a.  Grilled Edamame - I never had it grilled, only boiled and salted in the past. What a nice and delicate flavor!b.  Crispy Brussel Sprouts - What the heck, is this a brussel sprout or the most amazing vegetable dish that any carnivore would love!   If they made all veggie dishes like this, the cows would all be safe.c. Shioyaki Saba - A great mackerel, just right.d.  Kurudochikin - Fried Chicken with ikura and kabocha ginger. Watch out Col. Sanders!e.  Pokuyaki - Kurobuta pork belly. I am not sure if I was in love with the pork or the granny smith apple, dehydrated Fennel and puree or what, but man was my porky belly enjoying this puppy.f.  Ishiyaki - Now, I have had teppanyaki, teriyaki, shioyaki and my old favorite robatayaki, but never cooking on a stone.  We had the beef and it was delicate, and it was the perfect way to cook it.g.  Live uni - What the heck, I thought that the stuff served in sushi was already live, judging from how it wiggled and jiggled.  So when I was shown the live uni, I had to have it. And, most of my guests I was with are not uni lovers like I am, we were all amazed.  OK, amazed that they tried it, I really enjoyed it. Flavorful, light, delicate.  A great mixture of natural taste and great texture.  And, if you have never seen live uni, it comes in some freakin porcupine like shell thing and served with it, so it is also FUN.h.  Nana Iro - Ii am thinking, is this Grandma Iro??? Named a food after your nana?  Well it is Yellowtail.  And, it is served with grapefruit, avocado, tomatoes, fennel.  What an explosion of tastes for my little buds.i.  Iroha - OK, this is salmon.  I am not sure if I was more impressed with the salmon, or the candied quinoa,j.  Irodori - Big Eye Tuna - with fennel and pistachio no less.  My eyes were getting big too.k.  Dessert - I don't care if you are on a diet or what, order it and share. I don't even remember what I had, I stopped taking notes. l.  Price - Are you kidding me?  I feel like I just got the deal of the century. I would pay a lot more for this place, and now know that I have been overpaying at many other places!All I can say is that when you think of first class, of quality , this place is extraordinary when it comes to ambiance, quality of staff, freshness of food, and a savory otherness when it comes to texture and taste.  I am not sure what impressed me more, however, I believe the texture to me so outstanding that it far exceeded most of my experiences in life so far throughout 6 continents of traveling!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,6/12/2013,328,389,15,30,29>I decided to check out Commonwealth for its opening weekend and I'm glad I did- this place is amazing!  Located in Fremont East right next to Le Thai, locals have another bar they can hop to during the course of the evening.Get your ass inside and find a beautiful, expansive space with plenty of seating.  Admire the art and lighting while enjoying a craft beer or fancy cocktail.  Or, better yet, admire the beautiful bartenders pouring your drinks.  I was thoroughly digging on the boys in suspenders.There is also an outdoor patio area upstairs if you want to smoke or enjoy the view of Downtown.  I believe there is another bar up there as well.To get an idea for drink prices, my husband ordered a draft beer (Alley Cat Amber, which was really good) and I had a well drink.  They came out to be about $7 a piece.  Someone next to us ordered a sidecar (that looked yummy) and theirs was $9.The crowd was diverse and included hipsters, cool kids, and quite a few guys dressed in suits.  Everyone was friendly and enjoying their time at Commonwealth.  Someone even bought the bar a round of shots (before it got too crowded, of course).  I'm keeping my fingers crossed that the crowd stays the way it is and doesn't get overrun with bros.We got in around 9:00 or 9:30 (on a Saturday) and it wasn't too busy and we were able to find a seat at the bar.  An hour later, however, was a completely different story.  There were wall-to-wall people and standing room only.  Depending on if you want to just chill or you're out to mingle, you should keep this in mind.What made me fall in love with this place so much?  Was it the gorgeous atmosphere?  Was it the friendly crowd and staff?  Was it because they stole my iPod to create their music playlist?  Maybe it was just the cute boys in suspenders?  Well, whatever it was made me fall pretty hard for Commonwealth and I'm anxiously awaiting our next date.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,6/11/2013,141,253,8,17,7>I love Mexican food and dishes. The GF and her daughter don't care too much for it though. The end result is I don't get to enjoy Mexican food too often but I found a perfect loophole. I just say "hey sweetie my car is dirty and needs a full wash inside and out" this gives me at least 20 minutes to drop off my car at the gas station for a full service car wash/detail/and fuel up. Once done I head inside and place an order for some of the best, top notch Mexican food on this side of Vegas.Being a Gringo I normally like ground beef tacos and don't like the shredded beef ones but here the shredded beef is perfectly seasoned and grilled to ordered on an Iron Flat top. They throw the onions and peppers on the grill and that fuses all the flavors together with the meat. Simply stated its delicious.The enchiladas and the sauce is damn good as well. Probably 2nd in Vegas. (There is a hole in the wall dive place in south Vegas that beats them in my opinion but that's about it). Only downside to this place is that its an express and shares space with a gas station. Seating/parking can be minimal especially on the weekends when everyone is getting a car wash/ fuel but by paying for that full service car wash your car is in their hands for at least 20 mins and that is plenty of time to get your food cooked and consumed before leaving with a near spotless vehicle.It may seem weird to go to a gas station for a taco but trust me its worth it!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,6/10/2013,367,100,5,10,8>This hole-in-wall spot gets five stars from me because they're tasty, affordable, and  give you a hefty portion of food for a great price. Mainly, I'm talking about their lunch menu. Not only is your main course gargantuas but you get soup and an egg roll too! Hellz yes!  I'm that easy to be won over but the added bonuses aren't all that I love from this place. Comparing Kohmol's lunch menu to anywhere else, these guys provide you with a wide selection for vegetarians and the normal carnivore eater.  Service is some times slow but always genuine and friendly. I've had the pangang tofu and spicy eggplant dishes. Both were excellent and flavorful. As far as prices, deliciousness, and portions are concerned, this is the place that has me at lunch specials.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,6/9/2013,176,56,10,15,9>This place is definitely worth the trip! Molcajetes are their specialty, and it shows. "Molcajete" is Mexican Spanish for mortar, as in mortar & pestle. These are quite a bit larger than your usual kitchen mortar and made of volcanic rock. If you order one, your food is cooked and served in the mortar, and the sauce is still bubbling like lava when it comes to your table.The two of us couldn't decide exactly what we wanted in our shared molcajete (and damn, were we glad we shared one, they're enormous!), so we got the combination one that has beef, chicken, and shrimp, along with the usual lime wedge, cactus strips, radish slices, avocado slice, large slice of tomato, and amazing red sauce, served with either flour or corn tortillas (we chose corn; they were soft, white corn tortillas, and very tasty). That alone could have fed three people, so needless to say we didn't try anything else while we were there, save for the chips & salsa they give you in the beginning. That salsa was also super tasty!We were completely entertained the whole time watching Univision on the few mounted flat-screen TVs. Well, one of them was playing all music videos, and the other two were tuned to Univision. During most of our stay, a telenovela was on. This might not be as amusing to those who don't speak or read Spanish, but then again, I think they're pretty entertaining regardless.Previous reviews have noted that Los Molcajetes has separate English & Spanish menus and that they don't accept cards. Perhaps they've recently changed these things, because the menus we were given were bilingual, and there's a sign in Spanish in the back of the room that says they accept both credit and debit cards but charge $1 for the service.I also saw at least one previous reviewer who noted feeling like "idiot gringos" or something to that effect because they stood around waiting for someone to assist them when they walked in. When we entered, there was a sign just inside the door that said "Sientense donde gusten," which translates as "Seat yourselves wherever you'd like," and that's what we did. So, gringos, if you see this sign, pretend it says "Please seat yourselves" and act accordingly. ;) Be aware that if you do so, however, the very friendly waitress may think you speak Spanish and start out speaking to you in Spanish when she comes to your table, like she did with us. Both of us do understand and speak decent Spanish, but the waitress quickly realized that our main language was English, so she accommodated. Don't be scurrred, is what I'm sayin'.Yes, as mentioned by others, there are vendors (of CDs, beaded jewelry, etc.) and musicians who wander in & out of the place and will come by your table to see if you're interested in what they're selling. A simple "no thank you" and a smile is enough to get them to quietly move on; no one tried to hard-sell us or was particularly bothersome. I've noticed several (probably American) reviewers remark about this aspect of the restaurant negatively, and some have even knocked a star or two off for it. This phenomenon of wandering vendors is actually quite commonplace in restaurants throughout Latin America in all but the fanciest of places, and anyone who's travelled around a bit likely knows this and won't be aggravated by it.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/8/2013,57,67,5,10,7>The new management has done wonders for this place. I've been there 3 times and have been very happy with my nails each time. They have a great selection of gel colors, gel glitter, and even a variety of colors to use for 3d designs. My nails do not break after getting then done here, unlike other places. Besides maintaining strong healthy nails, they are very artistic and are capable of doing whatever design you can dream up!The atmosphere is fun and clean. The prices are reasonable. Check in on yelp and you'll get 10% off. They have free wifi too! I will certainly be a regular here and I look forward to the continued improvements that they plan on making.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,6/7/2013,72,64,10,13,11>In short, DW Bistro is a fantastic brunch spot.  Here are the keywords/phrases to help you consider whether or not DW is for you: FRIENDLY ATMOSPHERE, JERK FRIED CHICKEN, and BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS.There is always a warm greeting from the hostess and courteous attention from the wait staff. As busy as they get (and trust me, they can get busy--I wish they took reservations), they keep an eye on you (and your BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS).  Even the customers at the bar are FRIENDLY. We met a regular named Randall. He was giving me drink suggestions while we waited for our table. People who frequent this place really care about it and want you to enjoy your experience.  And by the way, Randall was right about the Bloody Mary--it was a bit too spicy for me. I'm glad he asked he bartender to let me taste it first.  It was perfect for my Dad-in-law, so there was something for everyone. Of course I didn't need any help from Randall with ordering the BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS. When people linger too long, I believe these drinks are often to blame. This is a place to gather and linger.  That adds to the energy of the place.  I can see how that lingering can be both a pro and a con. We've been coming to DW since they opened. Even from those first visits they were putting out a delicious, high-quality product. DW takes a Caribbean/Southwestern angle with their relatively traditional dishes.  I don't LOVE every dish. But I do enjoy them. Their unique take does lead to some less successful dishes for me. But I so appreciate the creativity and effort.  They always have tasty off-menu specials. This trip we tried the JERK FRIED CHICKEN sandwich and it was divine. I have no idea why it is not a regular item on the menu. It was one of the most tender, flavorful chicken sandwiches I have ever had. My mother-in-law declared it was THE best she had ever had. This is a fabulous local spot. I'm glad they are becoming a popular, regular spot for so many.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/6/2013,258,124,16,16,14>Went here for the first time tonight. And all I got to say is, WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH ME? I've been going to that shitty sushi restaurant next door for the longest time and never once gave this place a second glance. In fact, that was where I was going tonight buuut I was in for a new adventure. And I'm glad I took it!I walk in and I'm seated, I'm the only one there besides a group of 4 or so. I ordered the 3 meat combo, picking the brisket, the pulled pork, and the ribs. (I know, my new years resolution to be a vegetarian took a dump on me) For the sides, i got the sweet potatoes and the BBQ baked beans.First though, the waitress brought me out sweet rolls, which were warm, squishy, and awesome. Pretty surprising, seeing as it was already closing time.Oh yeah, Yelp needs to change this page, it closes at 7 now, not 9 pm. I walked in there at 8 like the jackass I am. I awkwardly saw it was empty and asked if they were open, she said no, but they'd still serve me anyway since the other group was there and they were still waiting for people to pick up their to-go orders. Talk about service! (Calm down bleeding hearts, I left a good tip)The lady didn't even have an attitude about serving me. I know some places you walk in an hour before closing and they act like you just ended their world or something.The food was great. The brisket was tender, pretty lean, and the ribs were fall-off-the-bone juicyness! Pulled pork was also a winner-winner. I dug into this meal with such fervor that about 1/4 the way through it, the waitress apologized for not bringing me the BBQ sauces sooner. WHAT? Sauce? Sauce-smosh, this dead cow/pig is so good, I didn't even notice that I didn't have any, or needed it. I accepted it just to give the tasting-a-testing. The mild sauce is your typical BBQ sauce, and the hot one has a little spice to it, almost teriyaki like. I preferred the hot one.The beans were pretty good, I did mix alittle BBQ sauce in them to get that "BBQ backed bean" taste, they seemed more just baked beans. The sweet potato fries were delicious, it was interesting that they seasoned it with sugar, I've never had that before. I'm used to the olive and rosemary type seasoning for sweet potatoes, but this was a pleasant surprise.I couldn't skip on the cobbler, so I got a blackberry one to-go, and I wasn't trying to stay too long either.But enough of that posh-posh, the whole reason I gave this place a 5 star is cause on the way out, the teenage girl at the front counter told me "sweet dreams!" HAHA! YES!I said "....you too" and drove all the way home laughing so hard, tears were running down my face, that was the most ADORABLE thing I've ever heard in my entire life and it totally made my crappy day a +100.I expect a "sweet dreams" everytime I leave this place now! ;)
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,6/5/2013,400,1236,8,23,20>This is my 700th review and I'm so glad I get to celebrate it with a five star review!My fella and I planned a stay-cation at Encore this past Sunday and were very excited to try Botero while we were there. We arrived on Superbowl Sunday just around the end of the game so the place was still pretty empty. We were greeted warmly and shown to our seats. They gave us the option of sitting on the patio but we chose to sit inside instead.Once seated, our waiter quickly took our water orders and let us peruse the menu for a little bit before returning for our drink and food order. I had been doing my homework so knew exactly what I wanted already. We started with the dungeness crab agnolotti and grilled octopus. The server mentioned that these were two of his favorite dishes, so I already knew we were on the right track. My fella went with the bone-in ribeye with rosemary prawns and I ordered the bone-in filet with foie gras. I just couldn't resist. To round our our order we decided on the brussel sprouts with pork belly and truffle mac n cheese for our sides. I was already worried we ordered too much, but we forged ahead. Our appetizers came out quickly and they smelled heavenly. My favorite was the dungeness crab, but the octopus was prepared well as well. I enjoyed the gnocchi, they were like heavenly little pillows. Just as we finished our appetizers our steaks and sides were delivered. They were enormous and smelled fantastic. I couldn't wait to take the first bite. Both steaks were perfectly cooked and we were so happy with our choices. The truffle mac n cheese and brussel sprouts were good. Not the best brussel sprouts I've ever had, but they were still delicious. I probably would have preferred them without the pork belly, crazy I know. We savored every bite but still couldn't finish everything, so we had quite a bit to take home for a midnight snack later. Despite not finishing all our food, we couldn't resist trying their famous smore beignets. I'll admit I wasn't blown away by these, but that's mostly because I'm not a huge fan of smores or any combination of these flavors. The dessert was amazing nevertheless, but I would be more interested in the key lime dessert next time around. This is a great location for large parties, they have quite a number of tables that can accommodate large groups before heading to the nearby clubs and they have an eclectic variety of music playing in the restaurant to get everyone pumped up. Overall, we had an amazing date night experience and I look forward to returning again!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,6/4/2013,580,394,5,13,10>My boyfriend had mentioned that the owners of Commonwealth opened up another spot; and that it was across the street from Commonwealth.We're usually in DTLV on Wednesdays anyways so, decided to check it out before hitting up Commonwealth.Even before going to Park, I had been seeing pictures of this place on Instagram and was really excited to go.We entered into what seemed like a chill lounge area fronted by a patio with white picket fences... CUTE, right.My BF knew the hostess; and she originally seated us in a booth in the lounge but, said she freed up a table in back for us.We walked into what seemed like "secret (not really) garden" setting in that the decor seemed so whimsical and romantic. There was a tree decorated with lights in the middle of the patio surrounded by a flower garden; and our table was right next to it. It was so pretty. My boyfriend and I talk about how it would be a great setting for a 1st date as there's alot of people watching and the decor itself just gave alot to talk about.My boyfriend ordered his favorite beer, Banana Bread Beer, which obviously tastes like what it sounds. I ordered "The Unicorn" cocktail just because there was ginger beer in it. And we decided to share the chicken and waffles sandwich with sweet potato tater tots.As we waited for our food, we noticed more things about the decor. Like there was an iron carriage on one of their rooftops; there were baby Jordans (Nike shoes for all the un-sneakerheads) hanging from a wire that runs across the patio; AND there was a see-saw (teeter-totter) in their designated smoking section. Told you --- WHIMSICAL =) I loved it. Also, always love wallpaper and THEY gots it. Almost like Cosmopolitan Hotel's funky wallpapers!My boyfriend got his beer; and we got the chicken and waffles sammie. The chicken was savory with all the maple on it and really thin like a chicken katsu; I liked it very much. The waffles, on the otherhand, not-so-much. It was soft =( I'm sure my eggo waffles at home would have been better!Thankfully, the sweet potato tots more than made up for the shoddy waffles. Sadly, I never got my "Unicorn" cocktail til almost the end of dinner. Waitress said the bar was backed up. New restaurant; I know they're still figuring out the kinks.Overall, I'm in love with this place. And it's going to add that extra chicness that DTLV's hipster scene is becoming. Very exciting to see how Downtown Las Vegas will be a year from now. YAY, DOWNTOWN PROJECT!!!!!!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/3/2013,903,497,8,15,14>So I finally check this place out after living here for about 3 years and I admit, I was pleasantly surprised.Brought the wife and kids here for some "family time" on a cool 60 degree saturday. When we got there, we find out that to just walk around and visit certain parts of the venue is free but you still have to get admission tickets from the gate. I was told this was for attendance reasons so they know just how many people overall are visiting. Upon admission, you are given a map of the whole park. To be able to visit certain buildings is when you have to pay. Some people pay by accident not understanding that their intent was to only go to the places that are accessible with no charge so make sure to let them know what exactly you plan on doing.So that's what we did. We decides to just explore for now. Lots of good hang out spots from a childrens's playground to a decent garden equipped with hands on exhibits. They have benches scattered all around for you to rest and just hang out for a minute or two so that was pretty thoughtful of them. I thought it was kind of cool you can rent bikes and ride them on the specially designed trails.From my observation, this is a nice place just to hang out and walk around, especially when it's fall, winter, and spring. I wouldnt recommend doing this during the summer when it's triple digits. If you're a photographer, this is a good place to hone your skills and get a lot of beautiful photos with the wide variety of backgrounds to choose from.Next time we are thinking about getting a season pass so we can explore the museum and some of the other buildings that have planned activities in them.Im glad me and the fam checked it out, because now we know we can come here on those days that we have nothing to do but keep our selves company and there's nothing better than having some good quality family time here at the Springs Preserve.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,6/2/2013,145,143,5,9,10>Visited Tokyo a few weeks ago when meeting up with a friend for lunch.  I'd suggested Komol for that heavenly herbal salad, but the friend wanted to try Tokyo instead.  I almost bailed but decided I'd go to Tokyo with him, and if I wasn't impressed I'd simply call Komol for an herbal salad to go.That wasn't necessary.On the outside I saw a big sign advertising their all you can eat prices.  I don't recall exactly what it was, but it seemed pretty standard pricing for a lunch AYCE ($21 or so).  I'll be honest, I don't really enjoy going to sushi restaurants unless I order AYCE.  It just bothers me to order rolls for $8-$12 a piece when I'm so used to the comfort of ordering and ordering and ordering and ordering knowing I'm paying one set price.  There's too much to choose from that I want to eat, that my brain can't handle having to pick and choose a few select items.  That being said, I treated myself to a more expensive lunch than I'm used to, to fully allow myself to enjoy the experience.I could never accurately describe everything I ate, but I must say I enjoyed nearly each and every item.  My order consisted of a handful of rolls, 3-4 orders of nigiri, and some side items like miso soup, gyoza, and a small piece of salmon teriyaki.  All of the fish tasted fresh and the side items were prepared as I'm used to at my favorite AYCE places like Sushi Mon on Maryland Parkway with the exception of maybe the salmon teriyaki which seemed overcooked to me.So give Tokyo a visit if you're into AYCE sushi, and if you don't like it as much as I did, remember you always have Komol next door.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,6/1/2013,62,360,6,13,8>I have always wanted to check this place out and FINALLY got to do it this morning! Probably shouldn't have chosen a Sunday morning to finally come here, but it's my birthday today and I wanted to do it! We walked thru the door and were quoted a 20 minute wait. It was more like 25, but thats okay. It gave us time to take in the place and let our appetite swell.The inside is very retro(which if you know me at all, you know I LOVE!) They have the purple and pink tubing running all thru the interior, with some artificial trees hanging over the boothes. It was pretty frickin cool! They have TV's set about the place with some screen shots of different locations around the world. This was a bit wierd as it went from Bahamas(sweet!) to weeds in Beatty, Nv (???). Didn't exactly make sense, but still kinda cool.We are seated in our booth and a guy comes to get our drink order. I order a Sierra Mist and my friend a water. They very promptly bring us 2 waters.lol okay. The waitress chuckled when I told her this and brought out my soda. No harm, no foul. Waitress is very nice and very attentive, which is especially appreciated considering how slammed they are during this time.I ordered the Masarati Omelette(12.95) and my friend ordered the Peppermill Omelette(also 12.95). Those things were freaking huge! lol They both came with an order of hash browns and toast. Damn, they were really tasty! Mine had ham and musrooms and tons of american and peperjack cheese in it with some Marinara sauce on the top. It was very different from any kind of omelette I had ever tried before and I must say it was scrumptious! This was such a great experience and I can't wait to come back and try different things on the menu and check out the Fireside Lounge one of these days!4 solid stars.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,5/31/2013,42,161,6,11,8>Right when I walked in and asked to look at a menu for a to go order, there was an older hawaiian gentlemen (almost like Mr. Miagi from karate kid LOL) he immediately said hello, introduced himself and was INCREDIBLY nice.  You gotta love that hawaiian culture I absolutely love it.  I just had a feeling right then and there that I was gonna love whatever I ordered. WHY??? because you can tell that there is passion and care put into his business and food. This place is definitely not your typical L&L hawaiian or aloha kitchen type of place.  They have a much smaller menu and although you will see a few typical items, but they are missing several known items as well, that you would find at other hawaiian places.  The prices here are a little higher on a few things too.  I decided to go with their variety special that was posted on their display board out front it was $15 but I figured what the hell because it'll give me a variety of their food and I'll really know if I like it or not and want to return.  After placing my order and waiting a little bit, I saw the man I met (I'm sorry I forgot his name) back there cooking for a few minutes and then again in the dining area just out and about talking with the few people that were there. I got my food home and as I started to unpack it I was just wowed over at all the yumminess I was seeing.  I didn't know what everything was (only some of it) but I was already impressed.  I had something in a broth like stewed collar greens sorta thing (VERY yummy), some shredded chicken in a soup with small noodles (VERY YUMMY) tuna poki (INCREDIBLY YUMMY) salmon with tomatoes (forgot the name of it, sorry) my main entree had some lau lau (which was INCREDIBLE and not the least bit dry at all)  there was also kaluah pork (again sorry for the spelling). I was very impressed with everything.  I will absolutely return and highly recommend to anyone to goto this place. It was VERY obvious that the owner put his love of Hawaiian food into his cooking.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,5/30/2013,410,224,6,10,9>The thing that got my attention while looking over Nosh & Swig's menu was the small plates style of eating.  Not tapas though, as this is not Spanish cuisine.  There are quite a few Asian influences throughout the menu, so don't expect your typical tapas mainstays like bacon wrapped dates and such.  After dining here a couple times, I've been able to sample a good spread of their menu.  In no particular order:Aloha Tips: (Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh)  They're kalbi short ribs, good but not the most amazing rendition of kalbi.  Comes with kimchi veggies and a spicy sauce to dip your tips.Cock-A-Waffle Doo: (Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh)  I'm usually not a chicken and waffles kind of guy, but this hit the spot.  The chicken was nicely fried and juicy, the waffle was a waffle.  But it came together good with the syrup.Dr. Pepper Short Ribs: (Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh)  Super tender!  I wish it came with more sauce, and another piece or two of cornbread, but these ribs were a winner.  Sharing is not a problem since the meat easily comes off the bone with just a fork.Elote: (Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh)  Wasn't a huge fan, it tasted like corn and cheese to me.Monte Cristo: (Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh)  Another winner!  Ham + gruyere + egg + berry compote = delicious.  The compote is on the side, so you can choose how sweet you want each bite to be.Pretzel Brats: (Photo with Hawaiian Bun: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh) (Photo with Pretzel Bun: yelp.com/biz_photos/nosh)  The first time I ordered this it came on a Hawaiian bun because they were out of pretzel buns; no big, either bun works great for me.  The brats are chicken sausages, and the cheese gravy is delicious; that should be a dipping sauce.I lied earlier.  I listed the dishes in alphabetical order, but I bet you didn't catch that.  It's okay, the pictures make for an acceptable distraction.Overall Nosh & Swig has a lot of decent dishes, and a few really good ones.  As of mid-January they really should have just been called Nosh since they didn't have their liquor license yet.  I'm really interested in what their drink menu will consist of and how it will pair with their food.  For that alone, I'm sure I'll be back for more in the future.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,5/29/2013,425,246,5,11,9>Vegas has a real theater!  Wait, there's more...it is also one of the best in the nation!  Wait, there's more...they are also bringing in quality acts! Wait, there's more...ticket prices are not out-of-this-world insane!Everyone should come down to Reynolds Hall...even to see a show or event that you are remotely interested in.  The Smith Center is beautiful and waiting for you to experience it!Great acoustics in Reynolds Hall!Parking flows in and out with ease!  The Balconies are impressive highly functional!Like Melanie C. says, "The art-deco-marble-everywhere stylings of the Smith Center are simply amazing.  The building reeks of permanence and solidity..."  I love that!...and it's nice to have in Vegas!So get to it already...and while your at it, bring your kids and get them kids some culture!  Or bring you nieces and nephews...or just offer some neigborhood kids some candy...that worked in the 80's right?
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,5/28/2013,361,158,18,14,15>For my 25th birthday, I had all my girlfriends from TX come up and help me celebrate my.. quarter-life mark... (sigh). Anyway we all wanted to watch at least one show during my weekend of funtivities, so we thought it would be cheesy and hilarious if we went for Thunder From Down Under. We sat at our table ready for the cheesiness to begin and cracking jokes before it even started. But as the lights dimmed, the fog machine was turned on, and the strobe lights started...something came over all of us and before we knew it, we were off our seats hollering like little horny monkeys. LOL, I wish I was joking. The men are just so hot you can't help but to swoon over them, especially when they're doing their little dance sets and walking the floor looking for those lucky ladies to join them on stage. If you attend this show, I recommend you say a little prayer beforehand that you are the chosen one...because the moves they do to those girls.. I can't even begin to describe while keeping this PG13. The room itself is not very big. Sitting in the front "VIP section" only gives you  front row access to seeing every single little cut of their bodies, but it doesn't necessarily mean you'll have a bigger possibility to being their 'volunteer'. They mainly grab girls with bachelorette sashes or crowns (definitely an accessory I will be bringing if I go again...heheh). I recommend you bring at least $20 in cash because after the show is over, you have a chance to take a picture with all of them, and you'll definitely want a souvenir!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,5/27/2013,443,380,8,12,8>Was driving by and saw this little hole in the wall, run down bakery style place. Had to  drop by because i was in a sad mood and in dyer need of a pick me up.Was very surprised to learn that everything in this store is sugar free and for the diabetic folks of las vegas.the gentlemen was very sweet and gave us a quick tour of the shop. From pies, cakes, breakfast sweets, cheesecakes and chocolates galore. Tried a couple chocolate and i can say they are delicious, especially the fruit filled ones. Couldnt even tell they had no sugar. The fillings were delicious and the chocolate was tasty and rich. I even asked if they ship, and they do! Awesome idea to send to my family that has health problems and watch their blood sugar.Warning! Mr williams did mention if you eat too many you will be in the bathroom ALL night so pace yourself and have no more than four. Open 23 years and still going strong, that tells you something!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,5/26/2013,347,243,8,10,8>I thought it might be too good to be true, this great-looking restaurant/pub, but after three visits I must say I love everything about it.AYCE jumbo wings for $12? Amazing. And good sauces, too. My favorites being Bourbon Chipotle and a custom mix of Bourbon Chipotle with Suicide (just ask for it). Heat and sweet can't be beat!Nice big HDTVs, fun high-top bar seating as well as booths with a scoping view of the corner of Harmon Avenue and Paradise Road. Diverse clientele, an interesting mix of out-of-towners and locals. Cool vibe, and pleasant staff. Wish this place were in my neighborhood!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,5/25/2013,172,155,8,15,11>First off, thanks to Yelpers in the recent Thai Talk threads for this find!  This Thai restaurant is listed among the top of several Yelpers who's opinion I trust.  Once again, I was not steered wrong!  I managed to get a few friends to eat family style at this Thai restaurant  this afternoon (is there any other way to eat Thai food?).  We ordered Thai Iced Tea, Tom Kha Khi, Pineapple Fried Rice, Panang with Beef, Lad Na with Pork, Garlic Chicken, and Papaya Salad.  All dishes ranged a 4-4.5 for me!The Thai Iced Tea was not that sweet, and very bold in herbal tea flavor.  Yum.  The Tom Kha was really, really good.  While not the best in town, it was probably the dish I enjoyed the most.   It was creamy, yet savory and lightly sour at the same time.  The complexity of the flavors played off of one another brilliantly.  The mushrooms and chicken were excellently prepared as well.  My second favorite dish was the Beef Panang (thanks, Jade!).  It had a strong, bold flavor for a Panang, with just the tiniest hint of peanut.  It was rather thick as well, and very hardy.  Mixed with the minced Garlic Chicken, it really made the lunch.  The flavor profile was one of the most complex (yet balanced) I have had for a Panang!    The Papaya Salad and Pineapple Fried Rice were pretty good, but not completely mind blowing to me.  The Papaya Salad had an excellent balance of flavor, but both dishes were a little lack luster.  The Pineapple Fried Rice was a tad bit on the soggy side, and was just a little bit boring.  No worries though, everything else rocked!The Lad Nah with Pork, while again not the best in town, was expertly prepared.  The gravy had a nice thick consistency with beautiful savory flavors.  With added chili peppers and fresh Chinese Broccoli, it was also one of my favorites of the meal.  Overall, this is probably the best Thai restaurant on this side of town.  Not all of the dishes wow'ed me enough to give it a 5 though, and I thought the portions were a little small.  However, if I am on this side of town and am in need of good Thai food, this will be my spot!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,5/24/2013,335,920,20,20,20>Desserts is stressed spelled backwards.After a long stressful day at work, desserts is the best cure.  After a great meal at a restaurant as fantastic as Yonaka's, desserts is a bonus.  You can say that I had the best of both worlds with my most recent visit to the Perfect Scoop and Boba Tea.  As soon as I walked in, I'm greeted with a menu making me decide whether I get ice cream or boba.  How about both?  So, I asked the owner if anyone gets ice cream with boba as a topping.  He replied "Yes, only if you're young".  I thought that his response was hilarious, but at the same time not sure if he was implying I was young or old.  It didn't matter because I decided on getting ice cream with boba anyway.  I opted for a scoop of Butter Pecan, a scoop of Cappuccino, and topped it with Boba.  All of this was served in a green tea waffle bowl.  The ice cream is homemade here and it was simply delicious.  I love the taste of Butter Pecan ice cream combined with the taste of coffee.  You can say this was the perfect scoop.   The owner also hooked us up with some green tea which oddly compliments everything I had.  Come to think of it, I had exactly what the name of this joint portrays.  I had a perfect scoop, with boba, and washed it down with green tea.  PS:  Love the "Asian Flavors"!!  I'm Asian and never knew I had my own flavor.  Well done Perfect Scoop, well done.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,5/22/2013,243,421,4,19,14>IMPECCABLE.  Food, service, staff, ambiance...everything was just impeccable.We chose the 6 course dinner each and we were there from 5:30pm to 10:30pm.-The L'Amuse-bouche:  a small bite that excited my palate.Bread cart approached me and oh how I tried to so hard to limit myself to 3...we were given olive oil and salt sprinkled butter to enjoy with the bread.-Soup: Delicate tofu velouté with lemon zest on warm seaweed gelée, smoked and caramelized eel.  This has layers and layers of flavor.-Appetizer: langoustine ravioli with truffle, cream and chopped cabbage-1st Main Course: Black Cod with a yuzu daikon velvet puree**after the 1st main course, I was pretty full.-2nd Main Course: Duck and seared foie gras with sweet and sour cherries, fresh almonds.  This dish was very delicious, but again, I was full at this point, I could not finish my plate.  I still had a piece of foie gras, and almost 2 pieces of duck left...I had to tap out.**we ordered some hot tea to help us stay awake.  When we were ready, the cheese cart came by.-Fromage:  So many different cheese!  Our awesome server brought out some fruits for us to enjoy with the cheese.  He was also kind enough to write down our favorite cheese on a piece of paper for our future reference.-Dessert 1: Strawberry Daiquiri with yogurt sorbet and pop rocks - yummy yummy joy joy for my tummy.  Who knew pop rocks will elevate such dessert...GENIUS.  I loved it.-Dessert 2:Raspberry milk mousse, spiced raspberry sorbet, earl grey puffed rice krispies and pistachio foam.  Ahhh, the pop rocks...oh wait, I was going to write about the Dessert 2...it was different.-Mignardises: Finally, the dessert cart.  Unlimited amount of macarons..all the items on this cart was just delicious.  Our server knew how stuffed we were so he packed us two small boxes filled with delicious chocolate delights in them.Before we left, they gave us a gift bag with the menu, rosemary bread, and a booklet of Joel Robuchon Restaurant, with Chef''s bio, menus, etc.Joel Robuchon at MGM Grand has to be the #1 Restaurant on my list.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,5/21/2013,376,187,7,17,13>Keeping it real.That's what their sign says as you enter their parking lot from the corner of Green Valley Parkway & Horizon. After multiple visits to this wonderfully cute bakery, I'm now convinced they are doing just that, keeping it real yummy!Layers is a mom & pops bakery, serving made-from scratch comfort goodies. They use all-natural ingredients in every cookie, cake, quiche, salad, sandwich and loaf of bread.  All our dairy, fruits, vegetables, nuts, meats and cheeses are organic, and their menus change seasonally.Why do I love Layers?- They'll modify their menu items upon request to fit any dietary need. Allergic to nuts, gluten-free, no soy? No problem.- Great bakery selections. Cupcakes, brownies, cheesecakes, pastries, etc. So many delicious looking goodies!- Custom cakes. Good flavors, some can even be made gluten-free. I ordered a carrot cake for a birthday. Hands down, the BEST CARROT CAKE I EVER HAD. And I've had a lot!- Great service. All employees have been very helpful, friendly, efficient, and most of all, smiling!That awesome carrot cake I talked about? I was running late and I showed up at 5:25pm to pick it up. They closed at 5pm. They gladly let me in, took their time, made sure the cake was to my liking. They probably didn't have to, but they did, which won big points with me! Pay them a visit and see for yourself!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,5/20/2013,342,580,7,12,11>Last on my agenda for Restaurant Week was Fu at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Lovely to look at outside the red footbridge that leads inside, I also found this restaurant to serve colorful and very tasty Cantonese food in a relaxed setting.  Diane and I were seated on a comfortable banquette and a Chinese-themed chair behind a black lacquered table.This was our best bargain of RW, because for $30.13 the first course for each person included an Asian Tapas Sampler that consisted of a Steamed Shrimp Dumpling with Chili Aioli, Pan Fried Pork Potsticker, and a Spicy Wonton; the second course a choice of Wok Seared Salmon with Ginger Basil Sauce, Grilled BBQ Korean Short Ribs, or Honey Walnut Shrimp with Lemon Aioli; and the third course a Dessert Trio of Chocolate Ganache, Lemongrass Gelee with Coconut Tapioca, and Lychee Mochi Ice Cream.  None of the appetizers or desserts could be ordered in such combinations off the regular menu except to pay for each item separately.The potsticker was excellent with Ginger Sauce.  I didn't find the wonton to be spicy at all.  And, I quickly gobbled up the delicious steamed dumpling.  Since I was very hungry and wanted to thoroughly check this place out, plus present a more comprehensive review, I also ordered a bowl of Spicy Chicken Hot & Sour Soup, which was nicely hot and spicy as billed, with morsels of chicken, bamboo shoots, Wood Ear Mushrooms, Green Onions, and Black and Glass Noodles--a fairly mild but still spicy, good-sized serving for one diner.Lucky for me, Diane had a Hard Rock Hotel BOGO coupon for Fu from the night before when we had become introduced to Culinary Dropout, so besides two entrees of Honey Walnut Shrimp, we were also presented with our ordered choice of Kung Pao Chicken.  Diane got her Walnut Shrimp devegetablized but I enjoyed the cool cucumber slices that served to offset the warm and large battered shrimps.  The Lemon Aioli on this dish was subtle, the shrimps were succulent, and the candied walnuts were neatly covered with sesame seeds.  This entree was quite large in size.Indeed, there is no noticeable portion control in operation here.  The Kung Pao Chicken that was plunked before me on a platter was easily enough to serve two (even though I ate two entrees by myself).  But I'm a big boy with a big appetite!  LOL!  This was dead-ahead Cantonese Kung Pao Chicken just mildly spicy with slices of Red and Green Bell Pepper, mostly whole peanuts, and no visible Chili Peppers.  The spice emanated from the Brown Sauce in which the large tender hunks of chicken and other ingredients were bathed.  No filler like celery was present, and no fat clung to the top-tier chicken.In the assemblage of desserts, the tapioca tasted lemony, and the mochi resembled the flavor of vanilla.  The Chocolate Ganache with chocolate rabbit ears on top, and cake underneath, was fabulous.  Even the smooth and hot Jasmine Mist Organic Tea was great!  And, refilled ceramic pots just kept on coming for the extensive duration of our dinner.  The meal lasted long because I was barely able to finish all of the fine Cantonese food laid out before me.  But eventually I did!Thumping music added to the otherwise serene ambiance.  And, service was friendly and excellent, and so accommodating that when I asked for Sweet & Low, although I found out that it is not normally served in the restaurant (Splenda and Equal are), a server on his own initiative left the restaurant to get some from Room Service, and quickly returned with a large supply of pink packets.This was a great way for us to bid goodbye to Restaurant Week just before we left for California.  And, we will surely be back for more of the wonderful Cantonese food so graciously served at Fu.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,5/19/2013,464,250,8,16,16>I have read through other reviews for this location and it's sad to see that they can't catch a break. I will agree that their donuts do not taste like the "mainstream flavor" I've come to expect from donut shops over the years. The texture is definitely not as soft 'n fluffy as I expected upon my first visit here. with that said...I do love the inventive flavors that they create on a daily basis. How many places can you find a donut filled with blue cheese among other creations? How about real raspberries for a "jelly filled" or campfire s'mores with gooey marshmellow goodness? Before you consider going elsewhere, give this Pink Box location a break and try more flavors! Until you've had at least 5 different varieties then your opinion shouldn't rule the entire menu. One of my absolute favorites is the simplicity of the glaze. Yummy!Affordably priced, they also serve coffee & bottled beverages, and the employees are cool, too. Watch for the owner in his signature styles that have a 70s vibe and retro flare... hehe!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,5/18/2013,155,75,2,16,15>I take myself to Cefiore for two reasons and two reasons only: boba and crepes. Does Cefiore have the absolute best boba and crepes in Las Vegas? Probably not. But, are they delicious and satisfying? ABSOLUTELY. It's probably difficult to screw up a crepe, especially when your crepe is drowned in Nutella, strawberries and coconut and then folded up and topped with whipped cream. Are you drooling yet? You should be. The crepes are made fresh right in front of you and they taste the same as most other crepes I have had in the Vegas area. But, in my experience, Cefiore's fruit is always fresh and tasty. It never tastes like it was cut this morning or has been sitting in a tub all day or was previously frozen. Cefiore is rarely crowded but it generally stays open until 10pm on weekdays, which is really awesome for people like me who live less than 2 miles away and have an insufferable sweet tooth. I've had great boba here too - passion and mango slush. YUM. It isn't the best boba I have ever had in the history of my boba tasting life, but it works and its close and their service is really fast. I'm never inside for more than 5 minutes (unless I feel like sitting, but the ambiance isn't that great and its too bright inside, so I prefer not to hang out here). Boba OR Nutella crepes. You like those? Give Cefiore a shot.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/17/2013,821,451,13,23,14>Without Godzilla's review, I would totally not even known about this new restaurant called Koraku Ramen.  As I am not Japanese, not a subscriber to their phone tree or otherwise connected to the local Japanese social network scene.  So Hoodie, aka Godzilla X, thanks for bringing this new Japanese eatery to the attention of Yelp users.Koraku Ramen, is a small chain restaurant from California (Little Tokyo and Sherman Oaks) that finally relocated their other Nevada location to Las Vegas.  So for those of you who have visited their other locations, you guys will probably be very familiar with their menu.  As for me, this is most likely the very first time I have ever been to one of their restaurants.  The LV branch is located in the same plaza as Krung Siam, Pho Little Saigon, Quiznos and Starbucks Coffee, on the SE corner of Spring Mountain and Valley View.  Currently there is no signage indicating the name (or it was not put out on my first visit on Tuesday around 6pm) and unless you happened to read a little Japanese and can kinda sorta maybe translate the little "We're Open" sign near their front door, it will be hard to guess what kind of food they might serve.The restaurant interior is pretty simply decorated, with a giant poster of an classic Japanese movie hanging above what looks like the exterior seating area of a ramen-ya in Japan.  There are additional smaller, classic Japanese movie posters on the wall, but you will have to tilt your head back to see them. Which is cool, because I enjoy watching old Japanese movies, and it kind of reminded me of the decor of the ramen museum (Yokohama, Japan) I visited with a a group of friends a few years back.  Seats in the booth are surprisingly comfortable, thanks to the cushy cushions for our tushies.  It is the next best thing for our arse, than a pricier Derriere Facial.  Such thoughtfulness is very much appreciated.The menu features entrees served with rice (such as various curries, katsu, sweet & sour pork meatballs), fried rice and noodles, and 1/3 of the menu dedicated to their diverse line up of ramen.  Here are my impressions of the food I tried on my two visits (dinner and lunch):Shoyu Ramen:  Broth was mild but flavorful, not overly salty compared to most local ramen restaurants.  Chasu is nice, but could be even more tender and flavorful. Suggested add-ons:  Wakame, 3 slices of Chasu, and Ajitsuke Tamago (Japanese flavored soft boiled egg).  (3.5/5)Pork Fried Rice:  Simply prepared. Tasty.  (3.5/5)Gyoza:  Nothing extraordinary, but prepared well.  Has nice crispy base, and is a good appetizer.  Server recommended that we eat it with the spicy oil (Ra-Yu). (3.5/5)Beef Curry on Rice:  Decent.  (3/5)Spicy House Special Ramen (mild):  Pretty good portion. A lot of ingredients, even without any add-ons.  Leosdianto L. commented that it kind of reminded him of ramen we make at home, and I agree.  (3.5/5)Nikudango (Sweet & Sour Pork Meatballs):  The sauce seems to be on the salty side, but I didn't try this with rice.  Reminded me of meatballs on a skewer, without the pineapple and the stick.  (3/5)Service (early dinner): We were the only there, so service was excellent.  The evening crew seems to be staff by mostly Japanese mothers.  They were very friendly, attentive, and food came out of the kitchen fairly quickly. (4.5/5)Service during the lunch rush (customers were overwhelmingly Japanese ex-pats, including local business owners and social gathering of house wives. When I closed my eyesand listen to their conversation, which I can't understand at all, it almost felt like I am in Japan without the cost of flight and hours on the plane) was friendly and attentive, but took the kitchen noticeably longer to serve up two bowls of ramen. (2.5/5)Obviously the restaurant is very new, so it is super clean, and I expect that it will be maintained that way.Parking. Not all that much (maybe 85) parking spaces in this tiny strip mall when it gets really busy. And there are no street parking in the immediate surrounding, being on the corner of two high traffic streets.  Big city dwellers will be used to that, for the rest be patient or walk a block or two.  (3/5)Final thoughts. Koraku, once it has been opened for awhile and worked out most of the new restaurant kinks, it will be a respectable competition to other local Japanese restaurants that primarily serve ramen and curry.  Ramen combo deals (ramen + 1/2 order of fried rice or curry rice) is a good value for the Hungry-Man (R) and Hungry-Woman (patent registration pending).P.S. It was great running into Mike C. and James I on my first visit.  Thanks for inviting me to join your party.  You guys are cool!P.P.S.  Now accepting cash, credit and debit, gold and silver coins, and I.O.U.s from your pals.3.5 stars.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,5/16/2013,1742,366,5,9,10>Zombie Zone is pretty cool in my eyes! My boyfriend and I popped in today and picked up a DVD of the original 1979 "Dawn of the dead" and a couple of Zombie stickers. This store is located near BFG chicken strips right next to the comic store  in the strip mall at Charleston and Rainbow. It is a small store however they have some cool things and the Owner stated they are constantly getting new stuff in. If you like horror and zombie related items then you will like this store.They have DVDs, dolls, walking dead figures, posters, stickers, t-shirts, toys, candy etc.My boyfriend and I had a lot of fun looking around and talking with the Owner also picked up a few things. We will be back!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,5/15/2013,880,837,14,27,18>Oh my goodness, Oh my goodness, Oh my goodness!  That's what I said all night long...at dinner... at one of my new favorite buffets on the strip. Located on the second floor inside the most fabulous trendiest hotel on the strip, The Cosmopolitan,  you'll be in a chic ready-to-party mood the second you walk in.  We valet parked and a very friendly bellman welcomed Kate and I to the hotel. We sauntered in pass the changing laminated columns in the hotel lobby passing the Vesper bar which was sprinkled with a classy, hip styling crowd and the music was on.  Right next to it you will find the escalators that will take you to Food Heaven a.k.a. The Wicked Spoon. House Cabrenet wine for only $20-nice reasonable option which we got!A bottle of water is always on the table. Service very attentive (unlike Bacchanal where our plates piled up and drinks took forever).Lots of fabulous side dishes that we tried/shared mostly served "tapas" style which I prefer because it allows you to taste more and waste less:  Asian beef and vegetables lemongrass flavor this was tastyLobster risotto was heavenly-my favorite!!!Polenta and roast beef-oh...yummy yummyDuck ravioli fabulous another favorite!!Truffle potatoes, hmm okaySalmon-sadly fishyWhipped potatoes, okayMini prime rib panini's were amazing another favorite!!Sushi which was okayCreamed spinach-mmmmFried oysters-goodLemon grass flavored stir fried rice was fluffy and fabulous.Gnocchi with ricotta sounded good was just okayShrimp cocktail-two tiny shrimp in a shot glass with sauce and a slice of lemonCheese plate and parmesan crisps-perfect compliment to my wineThe Asian section had servings in tiny to-go chinese boxes-that was clever. Another station was the made to order mac n cheese, (literally a bar with toppings to choose from) I didn't stand in line for this one.Seafood was crab legs and some ceviche, side dishes of BBQ shrimp and grits, and other side type of seafood dishes-but no stand outs for me.For meat eaters they served prime rib, several styles of chicken, ribs, fried chicken served in tiny frying baskets and bone marrow. Desserts were full of flavor. Here are some that jumped on my plate:Chocolate Molten cake -served warm-good not fabulous but goodChocolate covered strawberries also dipped in oreo crumbs-mmm loved thisTiramisu-yes more more!Bon Bons gold dusted and on a stick-yes give me some mo!Opera cake-very goodPumpkin cheese cake-okayPumpkin flan-yummyI missed out on the gold leaf Macarons:(  boo hoo hoo!  Well I guess I will just have to go back!  Maybe we started dinner too late?  7:30? My advice come early!$84 for two people not including wine. They didn't play any music like Bacchanal, no crepe stations, no Mexican food or Ramen station and the food options were not as grand as Bacchanal but the consistency and presentation of the gourmet dishes, the service and ambiance were all very good and worth a second trip-plus NO two-hour wait in a buffet line!This is my new favorite buffet right up there with Bacchanal and the Wynn!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,5/14/2013,277,200,14,18,17>I really need to stop eating donuts! I should have never convinced my boyfriend to come here. But I had to... I had to find out what's so darn good about these particular donuts, so I made my bf drink some caffeine, and right when we left work at 1 AM, we headed straight over to Donut Hut. We were greeted with a hello from the back and out stepped a man who looked very awake at 1:30 in the morning. He had a huge smile on his face. I wish I could look that happy when I'm at work. He asked what he could get for us and I said "a dozen donuts please". While I'm telling this nice man which ones I wanted, my boyfriend is busy looking at all the photos hanging on the wall. "Babe, look at these photos. Babe, you gotta look." I say " OK, hun". I looked up and there are photos everywhere of this man posing with the police and military. Wow, pretty cool. The man made me smile whenever he said "and". He would say it after I picked out a flavor, one at a time. And he was so sweet to give us two extra donuts.My boyfriend had the cream cheese donut and after he finished it, he declared it as being the best donut he's ever had. I had the blueberry and I rank it as my # 2. Next we split the sugar donut and I liked that it wasn't too sweet at all. It was just right which I liked a lot.I should have paid more attention to the reviews because after reading them again, I find out that this man is Cambodian. How awesome is that. I'm Cambodian and I hardly ever meet other Cambodians in this town. I just wish I lived closer to this donut shop because I would definitely be coming here more often.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,5/13/2013,85,90,3,12,13>If you're familiar with the format of Chipotle, you'll feel right at home at Taco Taco.Walking in, you start off with a choice of food (tacos, burritos, bowls, etc.), along with the individual ingredients like meat, beans, and salsa that go into your order. The great thing about this place is their extensive selection of meats, ranging from the familiar carne asada,  to even some vegetarian options like soyrizo.For my first visit, I went with an al pastor bowl. Everything was fresh and tasty. Their approach to food is a lot less greasy than the typical taquerias around town, which made it so I didn't waddle out of the restaurant with deep sighs of caloric regret. This is something I really appreciate, especially when I keep an eye out for a regular lunch spot. All in all, staff was very welcoming, prices are reasonable and food was definitely on point. Mark Taco Taco for another great new addition to east Vegas.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,5/12/2013,464,819,5,8,9>It was a sad day when Bosa 1 closed, but I'm glad they're finally back as Pho Bosa. They still have some of the best affordable food in town and portions that will satisfy the hungriest of appetites. The broken rice is like tiny little morsels of heaven. The dishes are as good as I remember with the grilled pork, Korean short ribs, and shrimp cakes being some of my favorites. The bún is just as amazing as the rice. I haven't tried the pho yet but that gives me another reason to come back.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/11/2013,199,72,10,20,16>I finally made it to this newer location and the first thing I noticed was the very small size of the restaurant. It's probably less than half the size of the one in the SW. That's not a bad thing cuz size doesn't matter...just as long as you can work with what you got. The decor is actually very stunning. It was decorated with all my fave elements: glass mosaic tile, high back chairs with button tufting, and a beautiful chandelier. It was an aesthetic, pleasant surprise to see a mom and pop establishment so nicely decorated.Anyhow, I've been craving some noodles and I went with the intention of ordering the Thai beef noodle soup. From what I can remember, Thai noodle soup has a much better flavor than pho IMO. As I was looking at the different noodle soups I noticed one called Pork and Fish Ball noodle soup. Man, I am so glad I went with his one--this bowl of soup was absolutely delightful. You get your choice of four different types of noodles, i went with the flat rice noodles for my bowl. It contains pork, ground pork, and fish balls in a chicken broth. It is garnished with fried garlic, which is the one ingredient that pulls all these great flavors together so well. The broth had a nice clean taste to it with a hint of white pepper. It looks pretty simple but the flavors are so good, I didn't wanna mess with it by adding anything to it. I left it unembellished and ate it all as it came. This is one of the few noodle soup dishes that I didn't feel the need to doctor up with hoison or sriracha.The ingredients in this soup was reminiscent of what comes in my fave noodle soup dish called Phnom Penh noodles. The Vietnamese make a version of this soup and they call it hue tieu Nam Vang but I have not been able to find a worthy substitute for my PP noodles until now. Great prices, great noodle dishes and friendly service. So glad this 3rd location opened up so I don't have to go to Chinatown or the SW for some awesome noodle soup.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,5/10/2013,367,459,20,18,14>There are a few things that I aspire to complete before I die. 1. Visit the Pyramids of Egypt.2. Get a graduate degree.3. Use the word "merkin" in a Yelp review.Looks like I can cross #3 off my list thanks to last night's viewing of Zumanity. Not too many merkins here, but the ones that they did use did prevent any full frontal. This is a show best enjoyed by understanding and appreciating the human form and what those human bodies can do (and what humans do with certain human body parts). If you don't want to look at naked women, hear sex sounds, or be embarrassed by potentially going onstage for audience participation (more on that later), I don't recommend this show.I can personally speak to the fact that they do not have plants in the audience for their audience participation. Yes, yours truly was selected to go onstage and perform with a man from Houston. The adrenaline rush was such that I barely remember it, but my friend and guest to the show Vanessa N. said that I didn't seem nervous at all. The show definitely pushes the envelope to "transgressive" but I wouldn't call it groundbreaking. Well maybe I would, considering it has a pretty wide market, potentially opening minds that wouldn't otherwise respect or appreciate outside-the-norm sexuality. To recap: don't go with your parents, on a first date, or expecting to see a nice little show about people falling in love. This show is about the thing that got us all here, s-e-x, and does a good job of translating it to the Cirque du Soleil stage.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,5/9/2013,533,627,10,13,14>After a hard day at work, Grouchy John's Coffee Shop makes me a joyful coffee drinker. It is one of a handful of coffee shops that I routinely patronize.  Grouchy John's Coffee Shop is the antithesis of the corporate coffee shop. It has the personality and energy level of a downtown Las Vegas coffee shop. It is a slice of downtown Las Vegas in the southeast Las Vegas Valley. Outside the entrance is the iconic Grouchy John's coffee shop. This is an omen that the customer is in for a unique coffee shop experience. Inside the lobby resembles a student union with the touch of a living room. On the way to the counter, which is on the right, are numerous seating arrangements. There are the standard tables and chairs throughout the lobby. At the far left corner are plush chairs arranged around a small table. At the far window are bar seats that are popular with Internet users. Bookcases holding books share the space with the seats. Grouchy John's is more than coffee. It is also a library. In my opinion, the library is more of a decoration. From what I see, the majority of the customers are on-line reading digital material compliments of the free WiFi (myself included). The sight and smell of the books improve cozy vibe of the place.  At the counter, the employees are friendly. They notice repeat customers, and make them feel welcome. They show their appreciation for repeat customers with a card that earns stamps toward a free beverage. Forget the card at home. They will not be grouchy. They will stamp another card which you can use with the other card toward a free refill. When I first started going here, they would visit my table to ask me if I needed a refill or a Starburst. So much for grouchy.  My beverage of choice has been a cup of coffee with peanut butter syrup, This tastes like sipping melted Reeses Pieces with the advantages of caffeine. Today, I tried the Almond Roca Mocha Late. It tasted like a hot liquid desert beverage with the advantages of caffeine.   If you decide to visit Grouchy John's Coffee Shop, please keep in mind a few things. On weekdays it closes at 8:00 PM., which in my book is way too early. High quality coffee based beverages are delicious on the taste buds whereas they are poison on the breath. I highly recommend bringing breath mints. And most of all, do not expect to leave grouchy.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/7/2013,646,703,9,13,10>This is my favorite place in the Wynn and Encore complex besides the casino! =DWhy?It's nice to relax and have a drink by yourself or with friends, family or significant other while enjoying the free show on the Lake of Dreams (Another Steve Wynn creation). The service here can be hit or miss  depending on how busy it is and you have to be 21+ to enter the outdoor patio and they check everyone's ID no matter how old you look. So just relax, have a drink and/or a cigar and just relax away with the outdoor music system pumping some classic songs from Sinatra to modern like songs from Michael Buble all in classy taste and some techno and trance to give out that hip vibe. Once in a while when someone walks in and out of those big doors, you can smell the Hotel scent that is pumped in the resorts ventilation system. Also they offer complimentary mixed nuts and chips.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,5/6/2013,742,648,8,32,12>We've been eating at LOS for years and have been there so many times that luckily we've managed to order most of the menu. However we have 2 different ways we order when visiting LOS. The first way is just me and my hubs on a casual weeknight, we tend to order the few dishes that we haven't tried yet . The other is a weekend night with several guests along for a Thai feast. So this review will focus on the later, a sort of best of LOS if you will.On a side note you do not come here to order Pad Thai and the other super popular Thai dishes. LOS is famous for Northern style and Chef Chutima specialties, stick to those and you will not be disappointed. Also, LOS has 4 condiments but be sure to ask for all 4.. chili paste, chili powder, pickled jalapeño will be brought out in a caddy but the 4th is separate.. its thai chili in fish sauce and lime juice, you'll have to ask for this one. When they bring it lift the lid of carefully and inhale the fragrance. This to me is the LOS perfume and let me tell you this condiment is scorchingly hot. Its burns both ways but it tastes truly amazing! Apps..#12 Stuffed Chicken Wings.. while these can be found elsewhere, the preparation here is a deep fried crunchy version that's amazing with pickled jalapeño and sticky rice. #13 A. Nua Dad Deaw which is Issan style beef jerky. Seriously, it's jerky so think deeply flavored slices of chewy meat. Its fun to eat especially with sticky rice and some of the accompanied sauce. #14 Nam Kao Tod.. this is like the premier LOS appetizer, if you can order only one app, make it this one. We call this one simply crispy rice with sour sausage. However its the little pieces of sausage arent sour but have a porky lime flavor thats addictive paired with fresh ginger, green onions, chili, peanuts and of course this is all nestled into a pile of light crispy rice. Served with cucumber chips this tastes great using the chili fish sauce condiment. BTW, if you prefer the sausage whole order #66.Salads..#45 Crispy Catfish Pieces Salad.. little deep friend pieces of cat fish with slices of apple and peanuts then dressed with lime juice.. Its bright, crispy and one of my favorites here. #59 Koi Soy.. okay so technically this isn't a salad but the coolness of this dish sits perfectly in the salad space for me. So what is it you ask? It's Issan style beef tartare. Yep raw beef and its a gorgeous dish with minced beef dressed with chili, rice powder and lime. We've ordered this at a spice level 4 and let me say that our faces felt like they were going to burn off. Order at a 1 spice level and add your own heat via condiments. Trust me on this.Entrees..A. Khao Soi.. typical street food noodle dish but the version here is crazy good. We always order beef with this but if you're feeling like a high roller get the beef short rib version (you'll pay more but its marginally more tender). Its simple, toothsome egg noodles afloat in a curried coconut bream broth garnished with red onion, lime and pickled cabbage. Its rich, thick and a must order. K. Kang Hung Lay (Pork Stew Northern Curry).. this is one of those dishes that has a far reaching flavor profile. To me this curry could easily be on a table in India.. its dark deep pork richness is fork tender and perfect over steamed rice. However many prefer to eat this one with sticky rice. Drunken Noodles.. we order this a couple of different ways depending on what the table wants.. most popular way is Drunken Noodle with Crispy Sea Bass with extra noodle. The sea bass is lightly dusted and deep fried until its light and crispy. Inside the meat is light, flakey and a great contrast to the rich smokey noodles. The other preparation for us is Drunken Noodle with Crispy Duck. Same as above but with slices of deep fried duck breast (no bones in either). The duck is rich, slightly fatty and bursting with flavor. For me the duck is my favorite preparation but I also like heavier meat flavors. Garlic Prawns.. so for the longest time we never ordered this dish as we thought it was just a Chinese style dish, boy were we wrong. This is where Chef Chutima works her Thai culinary magic. She takes large shell on shrimp and cooks them in such a way that the meat is tender and juicy while the shell is as light and crispy as a potato chip. Yes, you eat the shell, legs and all. This is truly a magical dish for us. Dessert.. We're usually so full right about now that desserts of sticky rice and mango seems just to heavy for us. Though look up my review for Luv-It Frozen Custard for a tongue cooling treat (its close to LOS).At some point in the future I will write a companion review to this review for those who want to explore other dishes but have been overwhelmed with the scale of the menu. Oh and in case you're wondering the amount of dishes we ordered above are good for about 4-6 people. Though we're really big eaters so a party of 4 is more like it for us. Bon appetite!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/5/2013,133,60,11,9,9>Am I in California?  Am I in some wonderfully decorated, bright, hip restaurant in Southern California?  This was a recurring thought both times I dined at Honey Salt.  Thankfully, the answer is no!  You know what that means?  It should only take two days or so for my love letter to arrive!Dear Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken (Sammich),I love you.  I love you more than you'll ever know. Please allow me to explain why I believe you are the most desirable chicken sammich.  It was love at first sight.  I mean your buns, or should I say, brioche roll are noticeably round, buttery and soft to the touch.  Your friend (side salad) is great looking too.  So bright, colorful, diverse and healthy.  Most importantly, though, is what's on the inside.  You are as pleasing on the inside as you are outside.  Inside you are warm and tender.  With notes of sweetness and saltiness, you're perfectly balanced.  Topped with a creamy slaw, you possess many textures.  Crunchy, chewy, crispy.  Lovely.  Well rounded.  Need I say more?  Until we meet again, I'll be thinking about you.  Happy Valentines!  P.S.  Try to get yourself on the dinner menu :)Your friend,Alida D.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,5/4/2013,1041,258,10,30,17>I was referred to ProtoGym by a good friend and have been extremely satisfied. The gym is owned by the trainer and it is pretty much a one man operation. You are given a scanner key and are able to access the gym 24/7/365. Being that the gym is relatively new (6 months or so) the member base is not huge yet, therefore most of the times I have gone I have had the entire gym to myself. It felt pretty exclusive except the prices are far from it. The gym offers all of the equipment you would need for successful circuit training and cardio. The really neat function is the protogym software in conjunction with the gym. When you go in, you go up the the kiosk, scan your key and it brings up your personalized work out. You click for your work out to be generated,  print it out and don't have to worry about what you should be working on that day. The exercises for the day also have instructional 30 sec videos that show you exactly how/what you should be doing. The equipment is well kept and well stocked (medicine balls, mats, boxing bags,  weights, stability balls, balance trainer, cones, high cable stations, etc etc). The website lists in full everything offered at the gym. Mike, the trainer/owner is extremely friendly, knowledgeable and will kick your butt in his boot camp classes. I kind of want to be selfish and not let the word out about this awesome and innovative gym, but at the same time I want him to succeed and stick around.He offers month to month, no contract memberships, as well as membership options that includes boot camp classes. He doesn't do any third party billing, so when you ask to cancel your membership he will do it without any hassle or headache (I am looking at you 24 hr fitness...).
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,5/3/2013,2673,175,20,43,35>Want to REALLY keep your new years resolutions this year? Why not keep things easy and stress free? Try Fixt Food. Fixt Food is a food delivery service in which gourmet meals, prepared by world class chefs with input from registered dietitians, are delivered in BPA free containers, fresh to your front door or office every day. Simply specify what calorie requirements you would like. They are also willing to work with you on special things, for instance, I am planning on doing a fitness competition for the bikini category. Closer to the contest, my diet needs will be different. They will tailor my plan for me accordingly. They also do vegetarian meals and their food is gluten free.I've done many food delivery services in the past and I must say that Fixt Food makes the freshest, best tasting diet food that I have tried to date. The ingredients are all organic, free range and high quality. The dishes are picture perfect... great for making all your friends super jealous when you upload photos of it to Instagram and hashtag it as "foodporn"! Haha! They'd be even more envious if they knew that not only does the food look amazing, it is actually healthy for you too. The ultimate kicker will come after eating all of this yummy food because you will be able to take tons of pics of the process of achieving all your fitness goals and more. Woohoo!I'm very happy with everything so far. I promise to upload some pics so you can see what you're missing. Or better yet, you should really give them a call and do this diet (that doesn't feel like a diet) with me. Make sure you tell them that Bobbi Billard referred you.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,5/2/2013,427,339,6,7,4>Can you say PORK ADOBADA?!! Baboy introduced me to this place. Hands down THE BEST tacos I have EVER had!! They have the right amount of spice, they have slab on a rotating THINGY and the freshly slice the meat off into your perfectly sized taco! Get the pineapple added on there... a side of their HOT PEPPERS --They will leave your mouth on FIYAAAAAAAH and I LOVE me some HEAT in my food! Those peppers kick my ass and I LOOOOVE it! Also, the Adobada Fries!! Get a half order and it's still HUGE! The dollop of fresh guacamole makes it MMMMM FREAKIN GOOD!!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,5/1/2013,620,206,5,14,13>Even my MOM was impressed with Carnevino...and that's a high standard to meet.We came here with a group of 7. The GM came out and personally greeted us at the hostess stand when he heard our party had arrived. They had a beautiful table set up all the way in the back of the restaurant (through the wine cellar room, which I thought would have been a cool place to sit as well). With very high ceilings and paintings on the wall, the back room felt like we were in someone's old world castle. It was quiet, romantic and I loved the ambiance. Needless to say, service was absolutely impeccable. Some of us started with bellinis. The chef also sent out some complimentary apertifs. Our food order was massive:Appetizers:-Caprese salad-Stracciatela (proscuitto and mozz)-Grilled octopus served over octopus sashimi (my FAVORITE, the grilled octopus really was perfectly prepared and so tender)-Steamed clams (the broth was soooo amazing)-Lobster with the tail served sashimi stylePasta:-Garganelle bolognese (Because I was craving some sort of spicy pasta I requested the bolognese sauce to be made spicy and the chef added a very nice amount of heat)-Orrechiette -Beef agnolottiEntrees:-Dry aged bone-in ribeye (for 2 people) this thing was massive, I will upload a pic. We took the gigantic bone home for my Mom's teacup malteses. So spoiled.-Filet mignon-Lamb chops-Bison (available on their special menu)*Note that the meat prepared at Carnevino is prepared a little less than requested. For example, if you request medium rare, it will come out closer to rare.Sides:-Spinach-Mashed potatoes-Butternut squash-Cauliflower gratin-Porcini mushroomsI tried little bites of everything. We were all so full that dessert could not even be considered. The service and food were absolutely outstanding and I can't wait to experience Carnevino again soon.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,4/30/2013,146,439,9,17,12>Wow, I haven't given five stars out in a while, but this place totally deserves it, IMHO.  After popping up in the "New Businesses In Las Vegas" section and checking out the menu online and seeing they had acai bowls, I knew I had to check it out.  My first experience with these was at Swami's Cafe in San Diego and I've been hooked ever since.  Juice 'N' Go is located in the drive-thru hut at Rainbow and Oakey that used to be a Baskin-Robbins back in the day and then a hot dog place in its last incarnation.  I'm happy to report that the newest tenant is a welcome addition to this side of town.       I did a walk-up transaction, having left my car for an oil change down the street. I rung the doorbell and rather than help me through the customer window, Alex, the owner dressed like a chef, came out of the little hut and took my order.  Their standard acai bowl ingredients are organic acai puree, guarana, strawberries, non-fat frozen yogurt, coconut shavings, and granola.  In addition to that list of ingredients,  customers can then choose two more kinds of fruit; apple juice, coconut milk, or soy milk; and either agave nectar or honey.  My head was kind of spinning with the add-in choices so I just asked Alex what he suggested and he said to go with bananas, blueberries, coconut milk, and honey, so that's what I did.  I ordered the smaller 24 oz. size, paid my money, and Alex offered to deliver it to my car.  I told him I was on foot and he disappeared into the juice hut to make my bowl.  He reappeared to offer me the larger 32 oz. version for the 24 oz. price--who's gonna turn that down?  Not me.  Minutes later, he came out and presented me with today's breakfast and it was fabulous.  All of those fresh, organic ingredients blended together deliciously well.       There are lots of other things on the menu that I will definitely go back to try, especially with customizing orders.  Check out their menu ahead of time if you want to save time in the drive-thru and you can even call in your order.  This is a place that offers organic, healthy options (no HFCS) and is environmentally conscious, too--no paper menus available, they use earth-friendly cups, etc.       **Because I was taking pictures of my order, Alex told me that he gives deals if you check in on Facebook or use Instagram.  Since I was doing neither, I told him I was Yelping and he told me that he will upsize the same way for you if you tell him you heard about him from Terri the Yelper.  Give his place a try and see for yourself.  (I am not related to Alex, nor did I get anything but a great customer service experience and a fabulous acai bowl, or, cup, in this case.)
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,4/29/2013,1362,984,8,21,15>Another ramen spot, this one located right next door to Bachi Burger.  Might be hard to find if you're not looking for it as signage is only on the front door.First thing we noticed was how clean the store layout was.  Everything was nicely done and had a place for it.  The only weird spot was the bar seating.  The window to the kitchen is much higher, so you're actually facing a wall should you choose to sit at the 'bar'. The Husband ordered the Buta-san Ramen ($9.50) with Nitamago and Toroniku Don Mini Rice Bowl ($3.50).  He was initially going to do just the ramen but the waitress did an up sell and for only three dollars more, we got a little rice bowl.  The 'Heavenly Pork" had plenty of meat in it and the stewed pork rice bowl was very tasty.  He preferred the noodles at Shoku versus a few other ramen places we've been to in town, although he wasn't quite as impressed with the broth.I had the Miso Ramen ($8.50) with Nitamago and Ikura Don Mini Rice Bowl ($3.50).  It's not a bad deal with the add on rice bowl and egg for $3.50.  I found the broth to be quite creamy, although I did have miso in mine.  And it was more than enough food with my added ikura rice bowl.  I had a good amount of meat in my ramen as well.They do give you the soft-boiled egg on the side here, which I am on the fence about.  I don't particularly like it on the side because the egg is cold.  But then again, the creamy egg yolk doesn't leak into the soup right away.  I guess I could always put the egg into my soup to warm it up.We also really enjoyed the Benishoga that's available on the table.  It's made in-house and boy, is it tasty!! The Little Guy was loving it as was I! Service was good - they were super attentive about making sure our water pitcher was filled and everything was fine with our lunch.  We were pleased with service.Overall, another good ramen place in Vegas that is definitely welcomed.  We'll be back!02.10.13 Update!They offer frequent eater cards now!  Buy 10 ramens, get 1 free!  (Lobster ramen not included.)  We ordered the exact same thing this time around and this time they put the egg in the soup.  It did sit right on top, so it wasn't submerged in the soup yet.  The Husband's Buta-san Ramen had less broth in it this time around too and he had to ask for more.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,4/28/2013,358,399,5,10,6>Saw Nelson's review so i figured sure, why not, I've hit four different bakeries in the last 2 weeks, might as well hit another.  I'm glad i did ! Prior to visit, i hit LVAC for an hour so i can burn at least 1/10 of the calories i planned to consume. Ordered:Cream cheese and blueberry danish ( under $3) - nice flaky crust but slight ding - a little cheap on the blueberry but I still liked it.Pain Au chocolat ( under $3) - again, amazing crust and the chocolate was rich and delicious - actually got the impression the cut up pieces of a chocolate bar and stuffed it inside the dough ( heck maybe that's how they are supposed to be made - I don't know )2 Chocolate chip cookies with pecans ( $1.05 each ) - good stuff ! ( though i still give the nod to Bread and Butter's chocolate chip cookies ) Croque madam ( Monsieur plus an egg  - i believe $8.50 ) - This was the star of the show !  I really love the sourdough bread ( while waiting for order read the story about the sourdough - starter came from San Francisco 14 years ago ... crazy ! ) and the cheese, ham and egg with the dijon and bechamel blend - can someone pick me up another !!!  Heck, even the side salad rocked - really loved the dijon dressing and the vericot verts.Purchased two rolls to try later.I just commented to a fellow yelper about awesome bakeries popping up everywhere -  not sure when La Belle opened but I'm just glad i can add it to the rotation !Next time, a closer look at the refrigerated pastries !After seeing Nelson's pics,  further pics are unnecessary.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,4/27/2013,441,148,18,28,17>So, when I was living in Minnesota and Wisconsin, I had a girl that always did my weave for me. I had been using her for years. Naturally, when moving to a new area of the country, there is a panic that sets in for almost every black girl. She wonders, "Well, who the heck is gonna do my weave now?"You can't just go to any old place. Either they will do a bad job, or they will try and charge you entirely too much money (especially a "white salon." No offense, but $75-$95 to relax my hair?!? Are you people high?).That's why I was so happy to find this place. Initially, I was nervous because upon walking into the salon, the decor was so chic and nice that I assumed they were going to charge me an arm and a leg for weave services. Not so!! This place is very reasonable. They have a $50 sew-in special, but that just to put it in. No cut or any complicated stuff. But the next one up, the yellow diamond special is $79! That includes the cut with the weave. Even the next one, the pink diamond is only $89, and that includes a cut, closure, and can be a more complicated style.The girl that did my hair was very sweet and had a great personality. But pretty much every person you meet here is super nice and professional. Just to prove how awesome this place is, I have a story.Initially, I told my stylist that I wanted to be able to pull my hair into a bun. She finished my weave, but she did not leave out enough of my edges to pull it up. I called the next day and explained, and came back. She told me she would have to take down the entire weave and do it over again. I felt bad, but I really don't like wearing my hair down every day, mainly because I like a classy high bun sometimes and I also work out, so I need to be able to pull my hair up at the gym. They said it would be no problem, and that the most important thing was for me to be happy with my hair. She took my entire weave and cornrows out and re-weaved me all over again!!! Even though it was free of charge, I still tipped her a second time, just for doing all that work. And the whole time, she was super chill about it.They also sell bundle hair here, which I did not use this time. But many of the other girls I saw were getting it put in and let me tell you, I am most definitely going to get it next time. Their bundle hair is sooooo pretty and natural-looking!!This place is the definition of excellent customer service. Everyone that walks out of here loves their hair! I highly recommend this salon to anyone looking to keep it fresh and sassy in Las Vegas!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/26/2013,224,164,6,16,11>Khoury's is my Shawn Hunter, the best friend that doesn't let you down especially challenges in meeting this world of adult libations. (You don't get it? Must not be a 90's kid.. ):) If you're looking for a rare/limited selection of beer that you won't find elsewhere in Vegas then Khoury's is your place. My personal experience was that I was looking for a super limited beer(only like 2 cases came to Vegas), Deschutes Dissident to be exact, and although they flew off like pancakes, the staff was still kind enough to reserve one for me. I was even able to pick up some items that I didn't even know hit Vegas yet. The staff actually cares, can offer REAL recommendations, and are full of knowledge. Real customer service makes up for their smaller selection and I live 30-40 minutes away, but its always a treat to come by.They have quite a bit of wine taps and beer taps, which means you can actually drink in their store. There are also weekly events from wine tasting, spirits, or beer gatherings paired with a local food truck that you can find out from their calendar (khourysfinewine.com/Cale). I believe there is no corkage fee as long as you buy something from the store. Support your small local businesses, especially ones that go out of their way to build a community.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,4/25/2013,309,180,8,9,9>I love a good rub down, and this place always puts me in my happy place :-)  While I do love a actual spa day this is the place I tend to visit the most. It's great for a pop in rub down. I love having my upper body done the most and they do a wonderful job. I usual get the 60 min for $34 but this last time they talked me into a upgrade for a couple bucks more I got oil on my back and neck which I didn't realized required me to take off my top....ya that kinda threw me off but it felt so wonderful I didn't care :-) plus I was covered and laying on my tummy so nothing was showing. This time she actaully walked on my back too! I never had that happen to me so again I was thrown off a little.The whole processes had a little pain and uncomfortableness but the end result was I was so relaxed it was incredible! Plus the price I pay to have that happy feeling is crazy cheap! A day spa massage price usually runs me about $120 and up and I didn't even pay that price for two people including tip :-) Ohh...another thing I should warn about....They tend to like to whisper to each other when giving the massages. I myself hate chatter when recieving a massage and at first I was a little peeved about it. Then I thought well you get what you pay for...but once it was all done with and I had the euphoric feeling and over all happiness I learned to live with the chatter ;-)
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,4/24/2013,462,631,5,14,12>I had to add a star for getting to meet Gordon Ramsay. He was genuinely a nice guy. Had some drinks and split a burger at the bar, it was a fantastic burger. Tender and flavorful. The bar staff is as friendly as the rest of the staff that we have encountered.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,4/23/2013,135,529,4,19,11>This is another hidden Red Rock gem that doesn't get as much traffic as some other hikes. Located off the Pine Creek trail head, this is a great hike for intermediate people. There is a lot of bouldering/scrambling and it gives a great full body workout. You should be able to lift your entire body weight in some places, some spots may be difficult to climb. Elevation gain is around 1200 ft and it's 6 miles roundtrip. Not a kid friendly or dog friendly hike. This is a great hike in the spring after the snow melt, there will be moving water through the wash at times. Along the way there is a "wishing wall", don't forget to put a rock in it!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/22/2013,563,825,7,18,14>Love this place!We got slightly addicted to watching archery at the London Olympics. I guess we're not the only ones. With recent films like The Hunger Games, Brave, and The Avengers, Pacific Archery appears to have experienced an uptick in business. Good for them.Armed with nothing more than a Groupon (an expired Groupon at that), we came in for our hour-long beginner lesson. They provided all of the equipment and Zoey told us all we needed to know to set up and start shooting our first arrows. In no time, we were hitting close to bullseye. Granted, our target was only half the distance to the wall, but I think we did rather well. Even the guy in the adjacent lane congratulated us on how well we did for our first time.I guess we'll find out for sure next time. Oh yes. There will be a next time. For $27, you can shoot all day long (equipment included). Looking at bow prices, it's not a cheap sport, but this certainly makes it accessible for the casual archer.I'm definitely a fan of Pacific Archery, but they're getting the star bump for not caring about our expired Groupon. And really, where else provides this kind of experience?
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/21/2013,236,327,5,12,10>I have been meaning too get this off my bookmark tonight finally did. I always heard about the location on the opposite end of world for me. Once learned about there newest location excited about chance too get my Greens and Proteins on. I no means hardcore comes too healthy eating but generally try all my meals healthy. Truly is no place better in Vegas comes too healthy menu. Literally they breakdown the calories on just about every menu item. Offer Build Your Own Custom Meal pick your proteins, greens, grains, and sauces. Again they have everything broken down too calories. It was my first time daunting too pick choose as my first taste. I kind of in the mood of burger so went with the Ostrich Burger and try so got the 7 Vegetable Broccoli Cheese Soup. The soup was good. It nothing Wow factor but overall solid soup. It nice creamy base soup but had nice thickness and full body with the cheese (assume cheddar they use. The color really nice. Times order any vegetable soup not have that vibrant or look like vegetable. Soup was right on. Nice HOT!!The Ostrich Burger was delicious. I believe one first times having it. It lean meat. So thinking might be dried out but still moist and had nice flavor. The garnishes of lettuce and tomatoes really fresh looking added too my burger. The sides lot too choose from but went with the fried tofu. I scared at first. I enjoy tofu but not seasoned right just bland. The fried tofu was hit for me. It had nice seasonings on the outside and enjoy the aioli dipping sauce for them. They also offer Bison as protein. I see that in my future...They cook everything too order so takes time but very much worth the wait. The only thing not fan of is the interior is REALLY boring. I understand still relatively new but plain white walls all around and not much of vibe inside. It loses appeal waiting but once you get your food more then MAKES up for it. It kind of pricey menu. Still not going too hold me back try more of the menu.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,4/20/2013,439,357,6,11,7>Of all the five star high end restaurants in town, most disappoint me in one way or another. However, every once and awhile, you stumble across one that not only meets but exceeds your expectations in every way imaginable. From the service to the ambiance to the food, everything thoroughly surprised me. Mind you though, that all that fanciness doesn't come cheap but I am a huge believer in getting what you pay for. The last couple of times we have eaten here, service has been superb and the details never a miss. While the portions are generally on the smaller side and served a la carte, it does allow one to sample many things off the menu which is always a treat. However, the best way to get a little of everything without getting to full or breaking the proverbial bank is the tasting menu. I generally try and always take advantage of tasting menus when available because they truly allow you to sample a little bit of everything on the menu.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,4/19/2013,129,102,11,11,13>Viva Las Vegas? Nah, Viva Las Arepas!A couple of buddies told me about this place and how they have cheap yet satisfying food. My cousin and I took a trip on a Tuesday afternoon for some grub. The restaurant is located on the left when going north on Las Vegas Blvd on Wyoming. The place is quite clean and large with tables and booths.  There are pictures of their food items posted all over the restaurant. Those helped with familiarizing myself with their food items but didn't help in the sense for me to choose what I wanted since they all looked so delicious! After reading Yelp reviews and getting a recommendation from the girl behind the counter, my cousin and I decided to get the Reina Pepiada. In between two warm cornbread slices, there was shredded chicken breast with avocado, mayo, cilantro and green peas. The consistency was almost like a chicken salad. I was a little thrown off with how warm the cornbread slices were and how cold the chicken concoction was. But I got past this in a hot minute and chowed down happily. We were given a red bottle (spicy hot sauce) and a yellow bottle (mild hot sauce) to have with our arepas. A little sprinkle of some hot sauce (I like the spicy but the mild is good, too) with each bite is key to elevate flavors. And a side note, don't be fooled by the "small" size of the arepa. This little baby fills you up. I walked out of there overly stuffed. To wash it all down, we each ordered a fruit juice. What's cool is that they let you try samples before you buy one. My cousin ordered the guava juice and I ordered the mango. I expected the juices to be a little thick, but they weren't. Very refreshing and not too sweet. Doesn't taste artificial. I think I will end up craving their mango juice during the hot Vegas summer months.If you find a silly Asian girl chanting "long live the arepa!" here, that's me. If you find a female Asian bum on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Wyoming with a sign that says "will work for arepas," that's me, too. That being said, you all get the point. Go get some arepas!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,4/18/2013,201,124,10,14,10>I was so excited to come here that I went alone. There was a wait. It must be good. Well, it is good. Although it was busy, the service was quick. My ramen was served quickly. I had miso (my fav) with nori ($1 add on). It already comes with corn and egg (very cool). I really liked it, but not as much as Sora's miso. I think it's because I'm a gross person that gets extra butter in it, no butter add on here, bummer. The ramen is great though and I would gladly pay for many more bowls of it. I have to go back. My pal Tetsuro says they have the best tan tan men in town, but they were out when I went (it was late). This place has more than just ramen too, like curry. You can also get kimchi (woot). Last but not least, the people that work here, all of them, are very kind, attentive, and genuinely asked me many times if I enjoyed my meal.They have a generous loyalty punch card. Every 4 bowls of ramen gets you an appetizer. Yes!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,4/17/2013,224,209,4,7,5>My favorite daypool that is away from the strip.  It is very small and intimate & I have never seen this pool packed, which I do not mind at all.  It is very beautiful and the service is great.  I love how they have a small waterfall at the pool and the music is great.  It is a great place to bring your friend or even go alone.  Ive gone by myself here or I've brought one of my girlfriends and I always have a great time.  There's also a nice range of age groups: I have seen people who are much older than me and people who as young as me. Furthermore, there are no lines nor cover charge (Well---last time I checked. but if theres still no cover charge than Yay!!!!).
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/16/2013,372,247,8,13,11>Big Wong can get in this belly anytime.Their menu is simple, easy and cheap.After reading several reviews and seeing several of yelp friends visit this place, it was time for me to give this place a try. What I loved:The desert rotis.The plain rotis.The chicken curry.The shrimp wonton soup.What I liked:The salt and pepper chicken wings. The beef and tendon ramen.What can I say? Good, decent food at cheap prices. I will definitely be back time and time again. To go ordering is simple and so fast and painless.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,4/15/2013,221,57,6,18,11>The Aria buffet has recently been remodeled. I was impressed!1. The staff was very welcoming, professional, and gave overall great service.2. The ambiance of the restaurant was very open, modern, roomy, and had a great flow to it.3. Food station was standard, but done well. Selection wasn't huge but what they did have was quality and preparation was excellent.4. The Asian section was fabulous. I enjoyed the tiny dim sum basket with the 3 dumplings, Peking duck bao tacos was tasty,the little Korean bowl of rice Kalbi and kimchi was perfect. The sweets was my second favorite. Creme brûlée was simply amazing. I've tried many, and Bellagio has always been my favorite, until now. 5. I liked that everything was quality. They absolutely didn't skimp on anything. I ordered green tea and even the tea was organic and full leaf tea in material bags. I was expecting something cheap, like everywhere else. I highly recommend the Aria buffet. I give them a 5 out of 5 rating. For the price, you're  getting quality food. EXCELLENT!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/14/2013,222,141,6,9,12>I'm so glad I don't have to make that drive down to windmill for a delicious Bachi Burger, meat so tender that it melts right in your mouth.  This spot here on Sahara and Ft Apache is a bit bigger with a less waiting period. Actually, I don't ever recall having to wait at all at this location.Tonight I met up and made great new friends from the yelp community. Terri, Chad and Mel. Terri looks like she's pimpin' Asian males around her haha. But on to the good stuff. Tonight's choice of burger was the spicy miso burger but this time with a change to the beef. Instead of the angus beef it usually comes with, I took our server's recommendation to try it with the wagyu beef and wow was she right. This beef is so much more tender and juicy, especially when done medium rare. It literally did melt in my mouth, had me drooling like Homer Simpson. It also came with all the goodies I like from the spicy miso burger (Onions, Shishito Pepper Mayo, Lettuce , Roasted Garlic, Cheese, Fried Egg, Apple Vinaigrette). All the burgers I order from here are ones with fried eggs in them. I just love the taste of yolk melting over the beef.It's a must that you also try their oxtail or garlic fries. Simply irresistible taste. Unfortunately I didn't get any tonight because I was still planning on going for a run and didn't want to get too full.  I can't remember the names but plenty of good beer to try out here as well. This place is a must to those who have not been here yet. Sucks to be a vegetarian!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,4/13/2013,51,324,8,20,12>FINALLY SOME REAL ITALIAN FOOD IN VEGAS :DBelieve me we have had everything from $-$$$$ Italian here in Vegas.Call ahead and make reservations.It's an experience just walking through the door :) I will not post a spoiler :)Sit back and relax, everything is very carefully made to order and extremely fresh. Yes it has very low lighting and yes it has a piano playing man singing karaoke machine microphone songs but his voice is very good, so no worries.It is true about there being small LED lights attached to the menu so you can use them if needed.Every dish we had was spot on and the house Merlot was really amazing.Our waitress was smiley and nice and she did not come to the table much, only when needed, I like that! We started after being greeted with water as we still had our Merlot from the bar area. (Bartenders are pretty ladies in black tiny corsets. Very nice and complimented me!)Started with house loaf of fresh baked sourdough/Italian/French type of bread. Firm on outside and airy on inside (my fav kind) the butter that came with it was flavored with garlic, chive and possibly sage.We ordered everything at once, we knew what we wanted :)We started with Bruschetta and yummmmmm it was a treat! Fresh and chilled it seemed like a fresh Italian salsa almost! It was the perfect blend of garlic, fresh tomatoes, basil, EVOO, balsamic and a tiny bit of parm maybe. The bread was the same only toasted and looked brushed prior to toast with butter?Hubby had a Caeser salad which was perfect (not too much anchovies) and fresh with just the right amount of dressing!Our friend he had a house with Blue Cheese and it was gone before I could try (my fav thing is BC) and he said it was perfect :)When I ordered a really always do salad but the soup was calling my name, thank goodness I asked her what it was and if she likes it, she said "it's very popular and very good" sold! The soup is a creamy tomato base soup with white bean and small pene like noodles, if I had a grilled cheese......it would be heaven on earth. Not too many beans, not too many noodles a dash of fine grated cheese on top. Perfect. Between courses it's very relaxed and the dim lighting is sooooo nice. We sat in a booth straight across from the entrance area (the place is large) and hubby sat in the middle inside the booth. He mentioned "a real boss knows to always have your back, as in you sit against the wall :)" as he said that I noticed all the mirrors above the booth :) You just feel Goodfellas. Even the door guy is a "tough guy" and comes out of the back "slapping shut" the check holders about once every half hour :)After ordering another glass of wine and enjoying each others company here come our entrees :)Our friend had chicken parm with the side of pasta spaghetti and gravy it usually comes with. He said it was wonderful.Hubby had the veal parm a beautiful cutlet smothered with gravy and mozzarella and instead of the pasta he got garlic mash. We are garlic lovers and warning IN EVERYTHING THERE IS A LOT :) not too much for us. (yes there is a toooo much) The garlic mash was a fresh skin on garlic, butter, a dash of cream, thick mash. It was how I make mine and it was delish.I ordered veal picatta. It was a thin cutlet not coated but very very tender in a heavenly picatta. A perfect blend of white wine, butter, EVOO, capers and just a dash of parsley. For my sub out of pasta I had mushroom risotto, it was EXTREMELY rich and creamy, on the firm side and full of fresh parm. The side dish dipped in my buttery dish wow................just wow.Slowly but gracefully we tried each others yumm'd and ahhhh'd......and at the end we forgot we were told to "try the chocolate cannolis" She came by and we were all stuffed and happy but I asked anyway "how big and how many are in an order lol". She said "just two and about like this" (maybe 4")Cannolis were divine!!!!!! Perfect, rich crispy, creamy.That was our experience! We were told about this place from Brian (owner of Wing King) who had his birthday dinner there the other night.That's our experience! PS when I say gravy I mean tomato sauce :) Portions are large so I would split if you get an app. But always save room for a bite of cannoli!!!!!I'm so glad we came. I LOVE THIS PLACE! Next time I want to order a vegetarian dish that I saw and try a different app.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,4/12/2013,227,338,8,18,14>Want comfort food? Come here! The chicken noodle with matzo ball hit the spot! ..and so did the open face roast beef sandwich smothered in brown gravy...and so did the open Reuben sandwich piled soo high with corned beef smothered in sauerkraut and Swiss cheese.  You get the picture. All the dishes that Mr. B & I  tried here was delicious and I'd say that was the best chicken noodle matzoh ball soup I've tried by far! It was just that fabulous!  Broth flavorful, with sliced carrots and celery that were soft from simmering in the chicken broth,  chunks of tender white chicken meat, the noodles were thin, the matzo ball light and fluffy texture.  The small size was the perfect serving for lunch for me. The open faced sandwiches here are huge portions. Meats, lean and tender and not salty.  Couldn't finish and had plenty leftover.  Ambiance - The sign when you step in will either read "seat yourself" or "wait to be seated." Comfy booth seating or table and hardwood chairs.  It's not a big dining area and the place looks kind dated, but clean. Service wise - It's super busy both times we been there, but orders and food came out promptly.  As it got even busier though it was at least 15 minutes till our server could get to us again and ask for the check, then another few minutes to close it out.  Not going to hold it against them though since it was just the 1 server and 1 bus person vs. 34 patrons (yes I had time to count everyone while we waited) Luckily everyone in there was patient and understanding.  Good food does that to ya!! ...oh and props to Vegas J for posting the food porn that led me here!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,4/11/2013,143,170,2,15,11>We tried to trek to the Goretorium before Halloween, but family sickness held us back.  I quickly forgot about the oddity until the End of the World event last week.  I have to say, I'm quite impressed and can't wait to go back again.  I was expecting haunted house + gross gore.  That is essentially what we got.  What I didn't expect were holiday themes!  Since Christmas is just around the corner, rather than being the typical Halloween themed ghost, vampires, zombies, etc., this place was decked out as the workshop of St. Nick's evil brother.  The sets were fantastic, and the attention to detail throughout each room was impressive.   We saw one woman jump and turn around and run out before "the tour" even started (we got a scare that made some  of us jump before we even entered the main event).  If you like haunted houses, this is a treat.  I love the actors wandering around acting quirky and creepy before you enter.  It makes the wait in line nearly as entertaining as the maze itself.  And, the fact that the tour dumps you at a bar that overlooks the strip in all it's ridiculous glory (complete with creepy zombie/demons wandering around) - icing on the bloody cake.  If you hate haunted houses just skip right out to the bar where you can enjoy the juxtaposition of a view of the picture-perfect strip with the tourists and club-goers dressed to the nines, while over your shoulder is a wall of baby doll heads, a virginal sacrifice, and the sweet caress of goblin breath on your neck.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,4/10/2013,816,286,24,16,13>Steve Wynn is a radical vegan these days, so all his restaurants feature vegan options. I am most definitely NOT a vegan...but I like to try new stuff, so a friend took me out for a little sampling one night. We started with appetizers at SW steakhouse (see my other review), and then walked across the hall for dinner here.Food-wise, the vegan menu was about the same as at SW. We ordered the "clam" chowder, which was ASTONISHINGLY like real clam chowder -- they use chopped oyster mushrooms to give that rubbery clam mouthfeel you know and love, and I swear even the crustiest old sea dog out of Nantucket wouldn't know the difference.For entrees, we had the "crab" cakes and the "fried chicken," which was made from this weird protein substitute called Gardein. Whatever it is -- it is AWESOME! Tastes like chicken, feels like chicken, looks like chicken...who knows what the hell it REALLY is (knowing the capitalist kingpin proletariat-grinders who frequent the Wynn, probably Soylent Green).The waiter (actually, now that I think about it, it was the sommelier...the waiter wasn't too engaging)  was very attentive to our desire to try vegan stuff, so he had them send us a vegan bread basket, with vegan butter (more soylent green). It was great! We also had some wine, and then strayed from the vegan shtick for dessert, and ordered a few fun fruity little things that were fantastic.Atmosphere-wise, I appreciate the fact that this restaurant is half open-air, on a sort of patio overlooking one of the fake lakes at the Wynn, facing a giant waterfall. Every 20-30 minutes or so, a cheesy 5-minute "show" takes place on the waterfall: two balls of colored light dance around, cooing and making weird sex noises until a little baby ball pops out. Weird! Another show features two giant steampunk-esque mechanical flowers that bloom and sort of flirt with each other in a creepy flowery way. Another mini-show is a weird avant-garde 80s pop-art extravaganza set to that lame-ass 80s song "Oh Yeah" by Yello. YOU know the one. And the last vignette (or whatever the hell you want to call this weird/lame-ass shit) is this SUPER-cheesy giant frog in a UBER-corny black Stetson who sings Garth Brooks's "I've Got Friends in Low Places." W..............T.....................F!!!!!!!!!!!!­!  I know Steve Wynn is a vegan.....but maybe he should lay off those MUSHROOMS a little...ya know?!?!?!?!!!!!!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,4/9/2013,1407,1189,28,24,22>This waZENt our original plan...We were jonZEN for some Avgolemono at Great Greek. It's a good thing they were closed, otherwise, we wouldn't have tasted the BEST J-Curry joint in town!We were finally able to get a table, and immediately, we were warmly greeted by the ZEN staff. Wifey already had the Potato Croquette Curry in mind, and I almost always go for Chicken Katsu Curry, and waZENt planning on deviating from my first choice- but I had to turn my back and see on the blackboard of specials PORK TENDERLOIN...Sold!Now this iZENt the same as Tonkatsu folks, its the "filet mignon of buta" which is much more juicy and succulent, and definitely worth getting. Our entrees arrive in about 10-15 quick minutes by the chefs themselves which is a cool touch as far as service goes.I love that there are also about a doZEN different complimentary toppings and add-ons for your curry- 3 types of pepper, tonkatsu sauce, fukujinzuke, rokkyo(our two favorites we had to ask them to refill), almonds and raiZENs.Everyone who has dined there knows that the tables are hella close to each other and maximum capacity is less than two doZEN. We were a few seconds into enjoying the flavor exploZENs of what seemed like a thouZEN different seaZENings and spicesof currylicious love when we hear our waiter say to the table next to us mention "We have a Curry Udon Special tonight"...Simultaneously, wifey and I look at each other, then look at him. Feeling the stab of our glares, he looks  towards us and apologetically replies "I forgot"...Immediately, I go into "Punk'd" mode, hand him my plate and say "Can you take this back?, I'd like the Udon Special please"....you should have seen the froZEN look on his face!...After a few seconds, I let him off the hook..."Nah, I'm just playing dude!" LOL!!!! Overall, we enjoyed our dinner and we'll definitely be back for the Curry Udon. If I could sum it up in two words??? Simply amaZEN!!!!  ALOHA!!!YELP 100 CHALLENGE 2013-(6/100) "The Best J-Curry in Town"
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,4/8/2013,693,1125,16,44,21>* Since there's no ONLINE MENU - I took pictures for ya'll! Look in the photo gallery. * The namesake carries some heavy expectations and also prejudices for a TV personality, but this place really has done justice even on just their 2nd day of being opened. I was excited for this as a few days prior I walked by and they were having a meeting. I stood there listening in and looking through the curtain like a total creeper.  I was worried there might be a wait, being a famous name, and brand new. I did try to call, but had a hard time getting to them and decided to come chance it anyways. It was busy, but there was no wait to be seated when we came at 5ish.The menu is a cheeky paper menu that they encourage you to take as a souvenir, if you wish. With us being a bit of fans, yes, I took mine home. *blush*. Some people might be confused with the two different pricing but the orange is for Total Rewards members of PH Hotel&Casino so before dining, go get a card for a savings of $1 off per each item you order. The Farm Burger - this was a rather good burger if you like something to showcase natural flavors than big zesty spicy accompaniments. You can tell the meat quality is top notch and the flavor on it is fantastic. We did order a medium rare but it was more on the medium side, just a small oversight. The duck bacon was a curiousity, but basically just like bacon, just less fatty than pork. The brioche bun was so lovely soft and had a perfect flavor and toast to the inside. The egg is always a good flavor with beef. It needed a tad something to tie it all together so put some of the chipotle or curry ketchup on it! It isn't a huge burger, but trust we were full splitting all our items and I can tuck in and eat. Fresh roasted chili dawg - so the beef "devil dawgs" are cooked in a hellfire hot sauce and then grilled. I would rarely say a hot dog is gourmet or worth paying for, but this was seriously good. Fuck Pinks next door (its not like the one in LA anyways), and get this instead! I love the crispy texas toast like hot dog bun it was on and the dog was snappy, and super juicy and does taste of hotsauce it was cooked in! The toppings of the jalapeno, roasted fresno peppers, avocado, onion, cheddar and chipotle mayo were perfect with it. Just Fries - these were lovely skin on fries. I read in a press junket they use a specific more fluffy potato and do the 3 step fry method. These were crisp yet fluffy, not thick but not thin either and for me that's the ideal fry. The chipotle and curry ketchups were both very good, I didn't have a favorite. I just alternated every other fry.  Shake # 5 - they split ours up for us which was a nice move on their service. This was rich and so good. I love the texture and flavor contrast between the shake and the swirl of pudding they put. This one was chocolate hazelnut pudding with coffee shake and a awesome praline cookie thin. It didn't taste too much like hazelnuts though, but more like chocolate caramel pudding but still good. It was good to split, it would have been too much for me to do one whole. Service was super friendly, personable and attentive. Much more cohesive than I would expect of a newbie restaurant. They asked how we heard of them, hows our day going, explained the menu, etc as we sat down and browsed. Our drinks were filled without ever asking and we were checked on a few times to see how we are doing. Their uniforms here are something else. Ladies are very form fitting and short so there's a eyecandy element to this place. After ordering our food did take a while to get to us so we sat around for a bit. Still, I would rather have it cooked right than rushed to where standards are lowered. Very satisfied with this meal and will be returning absolutely! Of course on principle I do reserve 5 stars for consistency upon return visits, but this is a highly recommended 4 stars. Definitely one of the better burgers I've had in this city and I don't trek onto the strip for bollocks either.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/7/2013,234,198,2,12,9>This theater just opened March 8th - I felt like a secret undercover Elite-ist agent snapping pics & paying attention to every finite detail LOL Anyhoo, I'm super impressed, this will be my new place to go for movies.The main selling feature for me:  automatic reclining super big chairs AND tables!!!!  The popcorn is made with coconut oil & real butter (none of that fake motor oil cr&p that is made from chemicals and called "butter" ) - another huge plus for me.  But they sell alcohol too, it was a little strange seeing people holding beer. $11 per ticket & assigned seats, so book early!The overall feel of the place is kind of like a budget palace, but they splurged on the seating and the overall quality of the viewing, so it's a win win, that's what's really important (at least to me)!!  The name however, does still confuse me a little, is it - Luxury? Galaxy? Huh? OH well, it's a great place, I WILL BE BACK FO SHIZZLE!!Here are a few more tid-bits, from their website:    The most plush, reclining seats in Las Vegas    Beer and wine service    Fantastic all digital sound and projection    Huge screens    Enormous 4K DFX screen    Award winning customer service    All reserved seating at no extra costMASTERIMAGE 3D is proud to lead the way in next-generation 3D design and production.  Their technologies allow for the sharpest and most stunning stereoscopic 3D experience.     High color fidelity and image clarity    Precise separation of left & right images    Comfortable viewing and head tilt allowed    Compatible with high frame rate 3D film presentations (48 & 60 fps)    Works with all sizes and brightness projector lamps    Avoids multiple layers of liquid crystal material removing any threat of image deteriorationAvailable exclusively at this Galaxy Theatre, our DFX auditorium with its wall to wall and floor to ceiling screen is the largest viewing experience in the region.  The DFX auditorium features triple flash digital projection along with Dolby Digital 7.1 surround sound to produce the ultimate immersive movie experience.  Enjoy the big screen and the best sound with Galaxy's DFX.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,4/6/2013,606,96,13,15,13>My Father's coworker gave him a business card of this place and gave high remarks of their massages here. He passed the info. to me and I finally had the chance to check it out. It's located southbound on Arville St., make a left after the neon purple lingerie novelty shop. It's HIGHLY recommended to make an appointment here. It was busy and completely packed with guests when I walked in. Luckily, we made an appointment, but due to a miscommunication it was suppose to be for four not three. Since I arrived 10 mins early and checked in. Dina, who was at the front desk asked me for the last four digits of my phone number, but I told her my friend is the one that made this appointment and it should have been for four not three. She was kind enough to change and accompany us in this last minute mix up. As I was waiting for the rest of my group, a party of five and a couple walked in without an appointment. Instead of bumping us like in nightclubs for table reservations.. there wasn't any greed here. I admire Dina for being loyal to her appointments and letting the walkins know they are booked right now. The couple stormed out angry without even accepting her business card that she tried to give them. The big group understood, left quietly, and didn't make a scene about it. My friend requested all female masseuses, but I stood up and said.. excuse me.. I would like a strong man. The front desk lady, Dina.. my two friends turned around and go whoa okay... not me. Dina knodded her head and said okay.. okay.. she wants a strong man. Usually even though I request this, I don't get a strong masseuse. Dina gave me what I asked for. They are quite punctual with time and Dina asked if we are ready yet. Even though one in my party was only a few minutes late. She asked us if we can go in first and she will let my friend in when she arrives. There are about twelve seats in one big room, dim lights, and relaxing music playing. If you have sensitive skin and don't want any lotion on your face... let the masseuse know before you start. You begin with putting your feet in warm water, then you lay on your back on a comfy chair/table. My masseuse, Frank started on my forehead and worked his way down to my neck. Then at my mid back.. lifting it up with his fingers and lowering at each section as he moved up to my neck. Then my arms and fingers. At one point after massaging my hands, he punches the palms of my hand like we're sparring, but I don't have any gloves on. In my mind, I'm like WoW... and held in my laugh, but shined a smirk of being hit like that. He wasn't being easy on me and Dina must have told him I wanted a strong man :P Good lord was he!?!? After that, he went down to my feet. Wrapped one up in a towel and went to town on the other. Pain... oh the pain!!! With his knuckle, he slowly pierced through the bottom of my feet and rolled his knuckle down. I seriously wanted to scream. Felt like Fire... but I clenched my teeth and distracted the pain by fond memories that always brings me to a happy place. I did this throughout my entire massage session. Once he moves to a different section, what a relief!!! Pain then pleasure.. then it's pleasure and then again.. Pain. Ooooh it hurts so bad, but feels so good!!! Then with his knees in between my legs, he massages my thighs and calves. Even massaged my glutes! If you don't like to be touched period.. this might not be the place for you. He literally stretches the heck out of every part of my body. He then asks me to flip over and he works his forearm on my back. Then stretches my arms. Punches my back and wah laa!!! I'm a new woman. I sat up and both my friends started laughing crazy at me. My hair apparently resembled a lion and strands were sticking out high as the sky. All good.. that's when you know you had a great massage! :) Great deal and service. Tip double for their hard work, they deserve it. Convenient place to stop by after a hectic night at work, but call first and make an appointment or they might very well be booked up. My friend went yesterday and was amazed by their massage, so she went back Again with us tonight! Definitely returning for more pain.. sooner than later.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/5/2013,641,253,10,12,15>Came here with my girls after a nice dinner at Bagatelle and we had a blast!!! It was my first time singing karaoke "American style" where it's on stage in front of strangers rather than in a private room in front of your friends.. It was so much fun!!! The crowd was very diverse. Although located close to the strip, this place is more divey than anything so don't expect anything fancy coming here LOL You pick a song from the book, tell the person at the podium and then get drunk while waiting for your song to come up.. The drinks and food are cheap.. I bought 6 drinks & we got drunk using just about $50... When you sing on stage you get an awesome adrenaline rush and the crowd cheers you on. No booing or any negativity here which takes some of the pressure off.. Great sound system and lots of screens with the lyrics... Although when you're drunk all the words just jumble into one HAHA Definitely want to come back with more friends and also to try the steak and eggs!!!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,4/4/2013,519,1603,4,18,15>We had an exchange student from France at our high school whose favorite top compliment was "formidable!"  You'd have to hear her say this with her delightful accent.  For my meal at Guy Savoy, I often thought of Christelle and silently said "formidable!"I got the Signature Menu, a multi-course meal of wonderfully prepared and plated food.  Dinner started with what could be called 3 amuse-bouches although only one was called the amuse-bouche.  Shortly after getting comfortable, a server brings you a metal skewer of foie-gras with black truffle.  In a bit, you're brought another morsel, a 2 piece waffle with parmesan cheese.  Then the "official" amuse-bouche arrives.  It's a small cup of zucchini soup with some pine nuts.  You brush the nuts into the soup.  My server, Kriste, suggested I check under the cup when I was done for something else.  Sure enough, there was a small piece of pork belly to enjoy when the main part was finished.The first course was the chestnut course.  There was chestnut purée, small whole chestnuts, sliced mushrooms, and chestnut soup.  It was marvelous.  I haven't eaten chestnuts since I was a teen.  The second course was called the Colors of Caviar--layers of caviar in different forms topped by a layer of caviar sabayon.  A server suggested inserting the flat spoon all the way down and getting some of each layer.  Very nice!During this time, I had one piece of lemon bread from the bread cart.  You're automatically brought two pieces of bread after being seated and I didn't want to fill up on bread.  I have to go again and try the sea weed bread.  They had a very nice selection.Course three was whole stuffed red mullet.  The head of the fish was discretely covered by a leaf of cooked spinach. The fish was stuffed with very thinly sliced mushrooms and spinach.  It was extraordinary!Course four was Foie-gras with a bitter infusion.  They bring a glass tea pot with a candle to your table.  In the tea pot, green tea is placed and consomée is added.  The foie-gras is prepared in the kitchen as the infusion heats.  Then the foie-gras arrives and the infusion is poured around the dish.  You're all given a small glass of the infusion to enjoy after each bite.  The foie-gras was perfectly seared on top.Course five was artichoke and black truffle soup served with a toasted mushroom brioche with black truffle butter.  The soup is completely water based--no cream or stock.  It's amazing how much flavor comes from the ingredients with just water!Course six was beef tenderloin (with bone marrow on top)--done according to your wishes when you order your meal--with a carrot paleron cannelloni.  The beef was so tender and flavorful. The carrot cannelloni was quite tasty and a very clever concept.Course seven was the cheese course.  There were many options on the cheese cart.  The cheeses were described very thoroughly.  I chose roquefort, a milder cheese from the Savoie region of France, and a more liquid, more full flavored cheese from the Loire Valley.  The plating is done in a way that the cheeses go from mildest to strongest or the other way around depending on where you start.  There's more bread here.  I got two slices, one of a fruit bread and one a nut bread.Then came a palate cleanser of chopped blackberry with fresh apple pieces and a small spoon of cinnamon crumb cubes.Course eight was the first dessert--Coconut six ways.  I can't remember all the ways but there was coconut soup, coconut granité, coconut soup, coconut tapioca, fresh coconut slices and one I don't remember.  Delightful!Course nine was the second dessert--chocolate fondant, crunchy praline, and a chicory cream.  Rich chocolate, a tasty cream to dip your fondant in, and the crunchy praline was superb!  A great ending--almost.Then the mignardises trolley was wheeled to the table.  There was such a large selection.  I made five choices, a stuffed grape, some jasmine marshmallow, a wonderful petit cheesecake, caramelized banana, and one other I don't remember.  I was on a food high!Service was extraordinary!  Kriste, the main server, was always attentive and there were two others.  Between the three, there was always an eye on my table to make sure I had anything I needed.  Near the end of the meal, Chef Chartron stopped by my table and introduced himself and asked about how the meal was.  This is always a nice touch.  Prior to dinner, Kriste gave me a tour of the restaurant including the Krug Room, one of only five in the world.  After dinner, she took me to the kitchen to speak with Chef Chartron and see the kitchen area.  Chef Chartron was working on a new menu and his chef's table had his papers on which he was writing his plans.  I found out there was a sub-kitchen two floors below and this is the finishing kitchen.  In summary, this was the most enjoyable meal I've had in Las Vegas.  Everything was exceptional--food, service, and surroundings!  This really deserves all five stars!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/3/2013,93,649,12,12,14>I am ridiculously addicted to the Ginger Ginger Ginger Beef lunch special at Archi's Thai Bistro. STUPID addicted..  It is the only thing I have ever had there, and I doubt I will change it up any time soon. My first visit to Archi's was with the lovely Jaime W. for lunch. Every other time, I have gotten my meal to go. This place gets jam-packed at noon, if you are planning on having lunch here it would be a smart move to show up closer to 11.  Sometimes the wait just to pick up to go food is 5-10 minutes, with the wait to get a table just as long if not longer.The lunch specials are $7.95 (unless you want shrimp) and you get the entree, a generous portion of steamed rice, a fried wonton and an eggroll (if you eat in I believe you also get soup). I have had better eggrolls and I throw away the wonton. The delicious ginger beef dish keeps me coming back week after week... It has baby corn, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions and a ton of delicious ginger.Every other dish at Archi's may suck, and I may never know... but based on how busy they are day after day, I doubt it. If you like Thai, you should give Archi's Bistro a try.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,4/2/2013,344,499,7,14,13>Easy 5 star review!  Food flavor, presentation, setting, and hospitality!Thank you Chef Ash and the rest of the staff at Bon Chef for an amazing night!We went with the 7 course chef's tasting menu, and it packed a punch! Chef noticed that my one year old was eating everything Daddy was being served, so he brought out some specially made goodies, just for him! Outstanding!  They also have a play area that has tons of cars and other toys for the kids to have fun!  This is a very kids friendly restaurant, with excellent food!The highlights of the night were the lobster bisque, which was the best I've had. Most of the time, lobster bisque tastes too creamy and "cheesy" for my taste. The first bite of the sauce was immediately "LOBSTER"! And the little baked pastry had a nice chunk of lobster hiding in it! Awesome and fun surprise!  I would definitely order the full size next time I am here.My other favorite of the night was the steak pyramid, which this is only a miniature version of....They said they marinate the meat overnight so it gets all the flavors and goodies to absorb inside the meat, and then they cook it with love! Super yummy, and I would definitely recommend it!  Probably the biggest reason besides the hospitality that I will be back!Other goodies like the chicken florentine, Shrimp Scampi in lemon butter sauce, and Chocolate Dipped Strawberries & Petite Fours and Truffles all get honorable mentions!  Especially the petite fours...super rich and yummy!We felt very welcomed, with everyone checking on our dinner, the staff interacting and playing with my little guy, them preparing special goodies just for him, and being able to talk directly to Chef Ash and learning about the love and quality of food put into play, having him proudly showing us the kitchen and really seeing the passion involved for him in his environment....it was very nice and appreciated :)The food and service here are worth the drive all the way over by St Rose/Eastern (45min for me), but the prices are stupid cheap right now. We had this 7 course chef's tasting menu for $25 a person....and this included a glass of the best sangria I've had.  Plenty of wine choices for $20-25 per bottle as well!Maybe it is just because they are only a few months old and trying to get the name out, but as it sits right now, this is THE BEST "bang for your buck" dinner in town! Give it a go!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,4/1/2013,55,29,10,15,15>If I could give this place 6 stars, I would in a heartbeat. I've been a big fan of Angelo Sosa since his days on Top Chef, and I was excited when I heard he opened this place. I suspect most of the negative reviews on here come from the difficult challenges of opening and running a new restaurant and breaking it in right. This place (at the time of this review) is only a few weeks old, give 'em a break! I came here on a busy night, without reservations. Our hostess was very professional and accommodating. She took us back right away to a table, even though the place was packed. She even offered different seating if we didn't like where we were at. I was happy being near the kitchen, trying to sneak peeks behind the scenes so I declined, but I was pleased that she offered. Our food selections:I think they are still tweaking the menu, I noticed items that weren't listed online and the menu was clipped together. That's okay with me, I like being a test subject when it comes to food  :)- Cucumber Kimchi starters : The portion ample, I think this was the first time I had kimchi with a fork. I didn't mind, but I felt awkward without chopsticks. I didn't ask if they had any, but they might considering the menu is heavily Asian inspired. I digress, it was pretty spicy and tasty, but I was craving some sort of crunch as I always do, so I didn't go crazy on the kimchi. - Amma's Homemade Tomato Soup : OMG BeSt ToMaTo SeWp EvArR! That's what i felt like while I was eating it. This soup was creamy and so delicious. Had a nice kick to it as well that made me sit up straight with joy. Though I admit, I was dying for a grilled cheese or croutons to go along with it. - Korean BBQ Short Rib : This wasn't bad, it was seasoned well and cooked just right. Just didn't wow me like the rest of my meal.- Crispy Pork Belly : You MUST order this when coming here. Seriously. Crisped to perfection, I just about fell over after tasting this. You can't find pork belly like this anywhere else in town, I've had my fair share in the past.  Cocktails from the evening:- Honey and Hazelnut : (JACK DANIELS HONEY, SNAP, COCONUT, NUTELLA) This was so-so(sa). Barely tasted the ingredients past the whiskey, especially the Nutella which I was excited to see in this drink.- Naked Lunch : (KAI LYCHEE VODKA, APEROL, LIME, SAKE, COLA) Light and refreshing, liked the lychee flavor on this one. - Poppy Sling : (PUSSERS RUM, CHERRY HEERING, POMEGRANATE, PINEAPPLE) My favorite of the night, it wasn't too sweet as I was afraid it would be, and it almost had a background spiciness to it that I loved. - Piece of my Heart : (MACCHU PISCO, PINEAPPLE, THAI BASIL, LEMON) my 2nd favorite! Very well balanced, great for the pineapple lover who doesn't want to be overwhelmed with the sweetness of it. I also noticed someone commented about their water, it tasted fine to me, and I can always tell when there is something off or unpleasant about water. Ambiance and Upstairs:I think I would best describe it as modern rustic. I thought it was pulled off very well, it made dinner fun looking at all the nice little details, like their cute plate ware. There is also a patio area that'll be great to enjoy eating when the weather is nice enough for it. The upstairs has a lounge area with a bar that has Anime playing on their flat screens, a DJ, good amount of comfortable seating, and gorgeous views. I noticed a private dining area upstairs I think, but nobody was in there at the time. There's also a large outside area upstairs with seating and space to fill a lot of people, again with awesome views. I could see this place becoming very popular and trendy soon, especially when the better weather shows up.Service:Best I've had in probably my entire life. Everyone we interacted with here made us feel like VIPs which is what you want to feel anywhere you go, even if you are paying what everyone else is. Our server Kristy is a pro, she clearly has been doing this for a long while (though looks very young) and knows what she's doing. She charmed our table so well, we didn't care if she was BSing or not at any point which any person working for tips might do, so job well done. She even hooked us up with a meet and greet with Chef Sosa in the kitchen! I was thrilled he was there during my visit, as I know he was other places and projects around the world. Being the nerd I am, I was totally nervous and probably looked/sounded like an idiot. But he was very gracious and humble, taking the time to chat with us even though it was busy. And yes, he is even more ridiculously better-looking in person. I miiiight post the picture though my nervousness came through a bit too much haha. Big thank you to Chef Sosa, Kristy and the rest of the staff for making my night.This place is great for lunch, dinner or even just drinks and hanging out (especially upstairs). I will absolutely be returning. I hope others do too, Tivoli needs the traffic!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/31/2013,214,227,5,13,9>Just finished a fan-freaking-tastic Christmas lunch from Rollin Smoke and wanted to recommend this place for catering!  Since nothing says Merry Christmas like great BBQ, I knew I wanted to treat our office to some Rollin Smoke for Christmas. Best. Idea. Ever.  Chef Tim hooked it up!  Lunch was for 14 people, but I swear we got food for twice that! A huge thing of Kickin Beans, Coleslaw, barbequed chicken, ribs, pulled pork, sandwich rolls, sauce and . . . wait for it . . . mac n cheese.  I hate mac n cheese.  I'm serious.  I hate it.  Just want you to understand who you are dealing with here.  So I never thought these words would come out of my mouth, but: I loved this mac n cheese!  Had a little kick to it (like most food here) and was really good.  I just hope my waistline can survive my obsession with this place!  haha.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,3/30/2013,366,699,5,13,10>The owner of Thai Food To Go responded back to me early this morning, and I would like to share that response here. Hi Shawn,   This is Champ. First thing I am truly apologize in this situation. And already give a huge complain to my waitress. So sorry that she can't handle in peak hours restaurant while I went for business trip in San Francisco. Please give us another chance to serve you as our value customer. I am here at restaurant on monday, thursday and friday    I am look forward to seeing you. And please come to take one complimentary lunch as from my truly apologize. You are my value customer.   your sincerely,    Champ. I appreciate Champ's fast response. And while it's very generous I will be declining his offer of a free lunch. I will go back and when I do all I want is what I typically experience when I go here. 1: Service with a smile. (Or at least notice I'm standing there!)2: A place to sit if the tables are not already occupied. 3: The same great Thai Iced Tea I like a little too well. 4: The same great food that in some cases gives Penn's Thai House a serious run for the money. 5: First come, first served. I don't mind waiting....but just let me know what's going on and I'm good. Back to 4 Stars...but that 5th Star will come back with time...or after a good bowl of green curry.Note: My original 1 Star review for the bad experience I had got overwritten when I was trying to type this out on my phone. Still the response is what counts.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,3/29/2013,238,333,4,30,15>Since my little darling Glenn packed up and moved to Califas I searched for a new threader! DING DING DING!!! We have a winner folks! Its nestled away behind Carmines and she charges only 10$ and does an AMAZING job threading!Upon entering, you see all of other good, purses, jewelery, and other swag! In addition to threading she also does waxing, and eyelash extensions! I seen a girl she did today and they look soooooo natural and pretty! This is a nice little locally owned business which I will continue to support! Shes very precise and caring, she noticed one of my brows was off center and she assured me we would grow it out and square it off! This is my 2nd time there and there was little wait, shes very popular and even does the brows for a Cirque Du Soleil performer!! Her prices are sooo reasonable and she def takes care of her clients!Next I wanna try the eyelash extensions! Come here to get exceptional customer service and phenomenal threading!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,3/28/2013,114,197,11,13,10>This place is kind of crazy, and when I first walked in  there, the manager was having a pretty funny argument with an out state idiot who was insulting Las Vegas for no reason.   I didn't know what to make of it, but I had a old restaurant.com coupon for this place, and my friends wanted to eat Pastrami in a very bad way.   So I looked at the guy, and told him could I order, and have a nice day.    Everyone sitting down in the small dining room, gave me a look of Oh no...but I didn't care, I was beyond hungry, and so was my friend and her daughters.    I don't know if he left because I was trying to be cool, or maybe he could feel my friend was about to go on a  PMS induce rage on him if he stood in her way of ordering.   Well, the guy jumped in his Arizona licensed Oldsmobile, and burned rubber out on Tropicana.  Sadly, he got a ticket from a Metro officer who was nearby in the other parking lot..   Oh well.When I finally got to the counter, it was a task in figuring out what to eat, because the menu is set up with a unique selection of burgers, sandwiches, and hot dogs.   I didn't know what to choose between a Pastrami burger or that monster cheeseburger.    My friends choose the Pastrami burgers, but I went for the Big Ass bacon cheeseburger, and we shared the large order of fried Mozzarella, and the Garlic Romano fries.    Our order came out in 15 minutes, and I was taken back on the size of this burger.   It was ridiculous in size, and I have to admit it took two meals to put it down.   I really like it, and the only other burger I liked better than this at the time was at Create (which sadly closed).   The fries were good, but my friend told me it not up to the quality and standard of her former work place called, the dive (the old fashion show mall....she always does that)  but she still enjoyed them.    The manager/owner was very cool, and didn't add on the 18%  to my bill for that restaurant.com coupon, and because of that we got a couple of milkshakes for her daughters.   I have to admit, I'm a sucker for a good Hand scooped milk shake, and Sammy's did make a good one.   Finally, I been to The Hat in Monterey Park, and I have say Sammy Pastrami is very close to them as far as flavor for their trademark name.    Sammy does cut their meats a little thicker, but it's still a good corned beef.    If you're asking why a four star?   The parking sucks, and the place is very small, also it hard to turn into coming from Henderson.....but in the end...I'm a pretty big fan of this place.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,3/27/2013,182,453,5,10,11>We came here for a benefit for Hurricane Sandy, a first visit for us.  I can't imagine how I'd never seen this place during all my travels up Sahara, what with the huge neon sign almost as bright as the light at Luxor.  Yes, I'm always the one driving, but we all know that usually drivers see more surroundings than the passengers they're transporting.I had only one drink, a Cosmo, because I'm a really cheap date with no capacity for alcohol (so what am I doing on Yelp??), but it was one helluva stiff and delicious one.  And the price was definitely better than your average Strip bar.As part of the benefit, there was a food truck outside generously donating a percentage of profits for the benefit, but we didn't feel like Haulin' any Balls, so we looked around Johnny's and saw some people eating what looked like very good - and very big - calzones, so we decided to share a spinach, ricotta and mozzarella one.  Good decision:  it sure was good, delicious, and priced just right.The bar was very comfortable, and I felt like we'd been coming there for years.  One thing for sure, we'll be returning.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/26/2013,130,133,6,14,14>A great place to rent DVDs.  They are cheaper then Redbox and don't charge extra for Bluray.  Only $1 per night or rent 5 movies for $5 and get to keep them for 3 nights.  They have an extensive collection of movies so you can watch your old favorites or rent a recently released hit.  They have a small theater you can rent out for date night or a private event.  How fun is that?  Don't forget you can buy candy there by the pound.  Who doesn't love to eat candy while watching a good movie.  The owners are super sweet people and a real pleasure to interact with.  Give this mom and pop business a try.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,3/25/2013,682,135,5,17,13>Depending on your perspective, Kyara is either the poor man's Raku or the rich man's Ichiza when it comes to Japanese izakayas in Las Vegas.    With Raku, there are potential issues with time constraints and difficulty in making reservations on short notice along with the hefty bill whereas with Ichiza, it is always crowded/noisy and service can be shoddy along with variations in quality across the spectrum of items offered.  The dining experience here is laid back and refined, prices are reasonable (and even a steal if you come during happy hour), and the food is consistently delicious and served with impeccable timing.  Having recently gone with 3 friends visiting from out of town, we were able to explore a wide spectrum of the menu, and I was very impressed with the range of offerings as well as the consistency in flavors.   Some notable highlights include the following:Yuzu chili salmon salad- fresh thin slices of salmon sashimi drizzled in a yuzu vinaigrette, the slightest dollop of japanese mayo and ring of jalapeno served alongside a well-dressed bed of arugula, a nice combo of punchy bold flavors that do not overpower the palate.  Ika Geso Age (Deep fried squid tentacles)-  flash fried tender morsels dredged with the slightest bit of batter served immediately out of the deep fryer; add a fresh squeeze of lemon, and you may not ever crave (Italian)calamari ever again.Chicken Karaage (japanese fried chicken)-  an izakaya staple, the most common slip-up is that the chicken is overcooked or under-seasoned, but both pitfalls were avoided so I was unduly impressedSeafood chawanmushi-  velvety egg custard intertwined with fresh scallops and shrimp, you will want to get your own cup to savor every bite all to yourself without sharing.Motsu Ni (pork intestine stew)-  the wild card order that was offal-ly good.  Unctuous simmered broth with tender strands of intestine, nice cubes of yam cake, a wonderful warm soup for a cold day.Yamaimo Teppan (mountain yam on hot plate)-  a sure crowd pleaser both in terms of presentation and taste;  a thin bed of grated mountain yam served on a hotplate covered with bonito shavings and seaweed, it's fun to see the bonito curling in the heat as though the dish were alive, and one is also given a long spoon to scrape the yam off from the hot plate.  The best way I can describe the beautiful synergy of textures is akin to biting into an omelette, grilled cheese sandwich and mashed potatoes all at the same time...culinary magic.Other notables include the seared mackerel, grilled squid, and chicken garlic ponzu, and other yelpers have complimented their dessert selection as well.  Perhaps the only criticism may be that some dishes were a bit on the saltier side, but I think this may be intentional since much like the salty American bar staples of hot wings and nachos, these Japanese pub offerings are all meant to be enjoyed with ice cold beer, sake, or even single malt Japanese whiskey alongside the company of good friends.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,3/24/2013,471,470,9,20,9>On my way to Ross J's for some Korean chicken I spotted this new restaurant with a grand opening sign and cartoon character. I quickly flipped a u up the hill in hopes to being the FTR but nope beat LOL. I quite don't remember what was here before but I've been here before just can't remember. Big parking lot and lots of seating. Maybe no room for chacha.13 iced flavor milk teas such as honey milk green tea, taro milk tea, rose milk tea.  10 iced teas such as bubble green or black tea, mango, plum, passion fruit, lychee. 6 fruit smoothies and 9 other drink that's 38 different drinks, crazy, and you can also add jelly for extra charge. YEESSSThey have roast duck so of course I had to get some. Owner recommanded the roast duck and wonton noodles soup. It's like he was reading my mind. As a lunch special its $7.95 and comes with an egg roll and choice of egg drop soup or salad. Loved the duck and wonton, the broth was between good and ok, and not a fan of the noodles felt packaged maybe!? It threw me off since it says "serious noodles" in their logo. But still the dish and price overall is pretty good.Their whole roast duck is only $24 has to he a steal, half is $13, and regular portion $10. Their menu looks so delicious and yummy and want to try more but its just to far out of the way for me. I can't keep passing this area and not go Ross J's or Chicken Shack. 17 lunch specials for $8 can't go wrong. In the theirs about 73 different choices on the menu, there could be more.  Pho, udon, ramen, kimchi fried rice, pad thai, mapo tofu, just check out my menu pics for all the details.Customer service was good, very friendly.Down side is theres $20 minimum for using credit cards. So glad I had cash other wise I had to watch dishes LOL
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,3/23/2013,213,80,5,12,8>Previously, I wrote a review about my nail technician(Elaine) under the name of the business called, "Dana's Nail & Spa".  Recently, Elaine opened her own nail shop inside of Epiphany Beauty Salon(Trop & Durango).  I'm so happy for her!!!  She is fully recovered from her recent surgery and I'm glad that she is back to work.  No more broken or lifting nails!  I'm highly recommending her to anyone wants to have their nails done.  She has 23 years of experience in NY, Dallas, & Vegas :)  She has been always taken care of my nails sincerely and I know why she has so many royal customers up to these days.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,3/22/2013,697,524,4,18,11>I have been wanting to try this place ever since I saw the photos that fellow yelper Shirley B. posted of her meals here.They have a location on Lake Mead & Buffalo that is much closer to my house but, I noticed an event submitted by another yelper Jaime W., that they were opening this newer location and having a grand opening special where the whole day everyone got 50% off the whole total dine-in bill! How could I not help support a local business and take advantage of such a great discount?!?! The place was packed! I was so glad that we were even able to get a table. The wait for our food was almost an hour but we knew upon walking in that it was a mad house inside and wanted to wait it out. Staff came by to talk to us regularly. It was nice to see all the support this place was getting. Since I knew we were getting 50% off the whole bill I figured this was a good way to sample several things and see what I liked and didn't. Here it goes!The "Chicago Deep Dish Cheese Pizza" was by far the best part of the meal. The sauce is sweet and super tasty. The crust is thick and crisp on the bottom and chewy in the middle. I would always order this! The sad part is they told us that they only make pizza at this Eastern location. The Lake Mead location makes hot dogs and sandwiches. We would make the drive to this Eastern location just for the pizza!Next was the "Windy City's Chicago Style Hot Dog". This is a spot on Chicago dog people! We are talking a Vienna all beef hot dog with a steamed (makes such a difference in how the dog comes together) Vienna poppy seed bun, mustard, onion, green relish, pickle, tomato, sport peppers and celery salt. The green relish is to die for! I recommend this for sure!I wasn't impressed with the "Windy City's Chicago Style Italian Beef Sandwich". It had no flavor. If any of you have ever eaten at a "Portillo's" or "Al's Beef" in Chicago then you know what  good Italian beef is and this one here at WCBNP just doesn't cut it. I am willing to give this sandwich another try though since they were so busy maybe something was off and we did order multiple things. This sandwich was no reason not to give a 5 star review still because everything else was perfect.We tried the "Windy City's Maxwell Polish" and I personally liked it. My man thought it was too charred on the outside but I like mine burnt! This one is a Vienna Polish sausage and you can get it plain or spicy, we chose spicy. They steam the sausage then grill it and serve it on a Vienna poppy seed muffin with mustard, grilled onions and sport peppers. I wanted to try their fries so I ordered the "Full Basket Of Chili Cheese Fries". I had them add onions. This was so good, but chili had an off flavor. Chili with no beans wasn't the issue. The fries were great. The place is clean and I noticed someone always wiping things down.They serve beer and wine.You can place an order for delivery! Call to find out if you are in the delivery area! They deliver up to 5 miles from WCBNP and charge $3.00 for delivery.Check their website for monthly specials and coupons.They do not accept personal checks or American Express. They do accept cash, visa, discover, and master card.Outside is plenty of seating and in the middle of the seating is a peaceful sounding waterfall. So relaxing on a nice day I bet.Lastly, go try this place!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,3/21/2013,151,137,13,27,19>Chef Sheridan could serve me a 2x4 and I'm sure it would be the best 2x4 I've ever ate!I had never stepped foot into the Eureka Casino, however after tonight I know I'll be going back..I'm just going to list the items I had and my thoughts, spoiler alert...They're all good!Pot Stickers: Hands down the best  pot stickers I've had, the filling was meaty and they were cooked to perfection.Shrimp Toast: This dish is not something I would ordinarily order, but it came highly recommended, and did not upset.Pork Belly BLT: Yes this is exactly what it sounds like, a BLT with Pork Belly (pork on pork...the way it should be), and sriracha mayo. I think this dish was made for me, anything that combines Bacon and Pork Belly can never be wrong!Shortrib Grilled Cheese: This was probably the dish of the meal (I will be having of these in my future). The Shortrib is cooked to perfection, with enough cheese to balance, but not overpower. And the onion Jam served on the side complimented the sandwich perfectly.Fried Pork Sauce Noodles: Noodles with pork belly. The noodles had a bit of spice to them, and the pork belly was cooked to perfectly. It was a touch spicy for me, but still a great dish.Duck Rice: Hands down the best dish of the meal, A quarter duck (leg and thigh) served with rice. The duck was succulent (they told me it's a 2 day process for the duck to be made), and the garlic rice goes well with the richness of the duck. The Location is not too big (but way bigger than the old shop), there are a bunch of TVs, and a bar as well. I highly recommend you check it out! Well done Chef Sheridan and crew.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,3/20/2013,615,292,15,31,19>I'm a sushi/sashimi snob. I prefer the latter because rice really fills me up quickly and super fresh, delicious fish is my goal when going for s & s. Heard the raves from my Yelp friends Kevin P, Nelson & Sylvia Q, Jieun, etc. Cannot believe that they were close by for 3 years and I never knew. Before coming to Vegas, AYCE was foreign to me and is not my preferred dining choice. Perhaps acquiring my love of s & s in many trips to Japan, growing up in NY & my years @ Cal quality, artistry and freshness is appreciated. The ritual and experience are all part of my joy. After 6+ hours @ AFAN Black & White Ball, was going to try a new pub in the area but driving by I saw the "fresh today" board out and made one of the smartest illegal U Turns of my life. It was 0130 and one other couple was finishing up at the bar. Was very warmly greeted by the sweet waitress Jen (sp?) who recommended the house cold sake. Immediately cold water and a cucumber salad with crab arrived. Chef Sam is very knowledgeable and passionate about fish. We chatted about different types of live uni I've had in the past (in Hawaii, Caribbean Italy & Japan) and he explained how cold water uni is different from warm water uni based on several variables including what they eat, etc. As he tutored me and expertly sliced my sashimi, Jen brought a complimentary app (in pic but I forgot what it was. Delish!) My sashimi was so fresh, I didn't even pour soy sauce; I like to enjoy it as the expert advises. My giant clam was spot on tasty (that sounds like a double entendre ;)  and favorite toro like buttah, hamachi rounded off my delectable sashimi. I took half home because eating that live uni was in the back of my mind. They packed it on ice, which was very thoughtful. Noticing I was lapping up the fresh wasabi like a kitten, Sam quickly gave me more. Then he brought out my live uni and presented it "before" I dunno whether it was exhaustion or what, but I petted the spiky creature! Watching him prepare it was a treat, like an artist at work. Another couple who rolled in and were ordering lasagna rolls were inquiring what it was, etc. Chef is very friendly and seemed to truly enjoy imparting his knowledge. The uni comes over a chiarashi style rice (which Sam said was specific to this dish) and has 3 types of roe on top,finished with a raw quail egg. The picture illustrates it was almost too pretty to eat. Almost! I dug in the way it was suggested: top to bottom. The uni was so light, sweet almost a whipped airy quality to it. Every component added to the flavor of this spectacular treat. Getting super full, I soldiered on and just took a little of that addictive rice to go. I was advised that they welcome calls to check on "what's fresh" and will be gathering a group, especially my sweet David S. to join in a tremendous feast ASAP. Though redundant, I cannot emphasize the freshness of the fish and the warm and welcoming  service. They run two happy hours daily: 4-6pm & 10pm-1am. Lately, their spicy live scallop served in shell with Serrano, Sriracha & three types of tobiko (caviar) is another favorite. Mom, swears their Chicken Teryaki is the best "ever" and is a value with soup, salad, and both aforementioned amuses at lunch and dinner. I'd drive all night for a meal like this, but luckily, don't have to. I didn't check the roll menu but heard the other couple ordering some, I'm sure they are top notch, too as excellence abounds here. Thank you again for one of the best meals in recent history. Looks like I have a new Summahood crush! Yelp check-in yields a large house Sake: go, now!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,3/19/2013,230,576,5,7,7>Go big or go home! That's what I thought when I hesitantly ordered the Juicy Lucy. The waitress ,husband , and my brother emphasized it was big. I couldn't ignore the reviews though because I read everyone was really happy with the Juicy Lucy.. I wanted it and got it with no regrets! It was stuffed with Provolone cheese. I had it topped with lettuce, tomato, onion, jalapenos,mustard and garlic mayo. When I bit into it the waitress said to be careful just in case the hot cheese squirts in my eye or something . It oozed out of the burger it tasted heavenly. This has now made it to the top of my burger list! It was so good I had to share with my hubby who almost ate it all! I wouldn't waste my money on the fries because they tasted mediocre. We ended the meal with a chocolate sundae. It was ice cold deliciousness! I would definitely want to come back for that burger even though it's a bit out of my way!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,3/18/2013,184,191,12,19,16>Shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh...Don't tell anyone about this place!  It is quite the little jewel.  It's hidden inside of Commonwealth, but SHHHHHHH don't tell anyone!You have to text a number to get a reservation and then when you get to Commonwealth, you look around like you're lost and then someone says, "Excuse me, do you have a reservation at Laundry Room?"  Why, yes we do, how do we get in?  "Follow me...." through a door hidden in the wallpaper, and then another door, and then.....boom!!! You're in the 1920s.  I mean as soon as you walk in there is some prohibition clinkity piano music going on, some filligree on the wallpaper, some tufted couches, and a glorious bar with very comfortable backless stools (usually not a fan of backless stools, but these were nice).Drinks are labor intensive, delicious, rightfully expensive (so don't complain, you've been warned!), and full of a bunch of ingredients that I've never heard of, but damn are they amazing.  There is also popcorn in little vintage bowls strewn with crystals.  Now listen....I don't like popcorn.  I don't like how it gets stuck in your teeth and tastes stale no matter what.  But this popcorn was HATCH CHILE popcorn and it was spicy, a little smoky, and I pretty much became obsessed with it considering the bartender filled the bowl up twice for me.This is what a speakeasy should be.  Classy, sexy, chic, and mysterious.  SHHH, DON'T TELL ANYONE!PS, I would have taken some pictures, but pictures are not allowed!!  There is a whole list of rules in the back of the menu, which I wholeheartedly agree with every single one.  I need this place in my life more.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/17/2013,524,777,3,7,6>YES PLEASE, MORE PLEASE.Loved this cute little place. And it's CHEAP!  under $8 for a huge bowl of wholesome goodness.  It is a really small place, so keep that in mind, people were definitely waiting outside to get in.  But the food comes out fast, in fact, our dinner came out before our appetizer, which wasn't optimal but was OK.Service was meh in my opinion which is why it was 4 stars instead of 5.  It was FREEZING in here, they have the fans on blast, way too cold for both of us.  But once they serve you the steaming goodness in a bowl it does warm up a bit, but not that much. Tip-move the fans to the kitchen to help the workers out but it was too cold for us.I ordered my Pork Ramen w/out mushrooms and they placed the wrong bowls in front of us, my dinner companion was about to take a bite and the waitress like snagged it out from under him to swap ours around.  I couldn't even finish the whole thing. It has to be at least 3 cups of liquid, plus noodles and some very small bits of pork.  Get yours with the hard boiled egg. It's worth the other $1.50 or whatever it is they charge you, it was delicious.Great for a cold day too!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,3/16/2013,211,168,5,10,8>After 2 traffic violations and my court appearance coming up within 4 days I was hoping to use my day off to take care of my traffic ticket on Friday, well low and behold the Las Vegas courthouses are closed on Fridays.I was always skeptical about these services however I didn't want to take another day off of work so logged on LV Traffic Ticket Guy's site, paid the minimal fee for his service, then waited. Tuesday rolls around and received an email stating my citation was reduced to half, saving me about $100.. That's a Benjamin more than I expected. No points or traffic school. Clean, prompt and simple. That's what's up!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/15/2013,299,177,9,13,11>Oh how my opinions have changed. Over the past 6 months or so, I'm finding myself craving Sora over Monta. I must have had a bad bowl the first time I dined here because every bowl after that has been ramen perfection.As always, I continue to order only the miso ramen. Shoyu just doesn't do it for me. The miso broth here is rich and flavorful. And that creaminess that I used to get at Monta is no more and has found itself in my bowl of Sora Ramen noodles. The noodles here are special too as they are thicker and chewier than those skinny, limp noodles elsewhere. If you generally prefer an al dente noodle, these will be right up your alley.After living in Vegas my whole life, I've come to appreciate the fast life. And by fast life, I mean little to no wait-times. In the 24/7 city, things are done in the moment. And when you're stomach is about it eat itself after a long day of work, you want a quick bite to eat--not a 40-minute wait to eat 15 minutes worth of food. Sora has a relatively large, spacious dining room which allows them to serve more people in shorter time. Summation: Little to no wait times.Location  |  Not that this should be a huge factor considering its only 1 block closer to the strip... But Sora is 1 block closer to the strip. If you're coming down Spring Mountain, a bowl of noodles at Sora is 2 minutes closer to you than Monta. Just saying.Battle of the Ramen(s) has officially come to a close and I'm pleased to say Sora is #1.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,3/14/2013,161,172,11,14,10>There are many different elements that set Woonam Jung apart from other Korean BBQ in town, but if there is one thing I adore the most it is their marinated "Gar bi." ($28.99 Ala cart) Marinated to perfection and super tender as everyone else has mentioned.  I can eat this alone and be happy.But even more appealing is that at $24.99 I can do AYCE and eat as much as i want until i'm disgusted with myself.[There are two type of Kalbi out there: L.A. Style, and Korean Short Rib.  The difference is the cut.  L.A. Style is is a flanken cut, but a bit thinner.  More tender and attached to 3 meagerly bones with fats and cartilages.  This may require more work esp if you like to clean the bones.. nomgry!Wang Galbi (King Ribs) or tradition Korean Style Beef Rib is when the meat is fillet in layers away from the bone in a long flap.  Wrapped around a thick piece of bone several time and consider more genuine.] The best part is Woonam Jung doesn't skim and serves the tradition style Korean Short Ribs in their AYCE list as well as many other items including Beef Brisket, Pork Belly, and Bulgogi.  They sure know  how to make you feel like a guest of honor with all this fine, quality, premium meat!  Don't be shy and ask for refills for your sides as well. The salads are well prepared in addition to all their fresh banchans. With Kimchi here being my favorite it's pretty much fat fest.*Tip* Ask for a side of pear juice sauce for your Beef Brisket and Tongue.  I don't know what's it called, but i usually point at the ramekin with the salt and pepper sesame oil and tell them, "the other one!"  They'll know ;]*side note* there's too many way to spell kal bi wtf?
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,3/13/2013,664,612,19,21,18>Funny story: in 2007 I went on a blind date to Social House when it was operated by someone else in TI.  The guy insisted on ordering for me: sunomono (cucumber) salad (the size of a soy sauce dish) and 1 order of tamago (egg) sushi that he split with me.  No joke!  We sat outside and that was my first view of the siren show, ugh.  After that I tore off to Godiva in Fashion Show and bought myself chocolate.  Good riddance.  Fast forward, Social House left TI, and I forgot about it.  Then I was in Crystals one day walking around and saw an ad for desserts in restaurants there.  The yuzu frangipane called my name.Last night Eric R. and I attended a really cool event at Social House in Crystals.  It was a sake lesson from a sake sommelier, paired with different bites from the food menu.  First we had junmai premium sake paired with yellowtail sashimi with tempura jalapeno, garlic dust, tiny cilantro, and calamansi soy.  Did someone say tempura jalapeno slices?  Yes indeedy.  Next, we sampled another sake, some higher level, paired with big eye tuna sashimi, sweet chili sauce, crispy shallot, red onion, and negi oil.The next dish was amaaaaazing: nasu spicy miso: small delicate roasted Japanese eggplant with spicy miso glaze.  This was truly delicious!!!  Our last dish was a set of rolls: salmon avocado, hama-chimi (hamachi, avocado, jalapeno-cilantro chimichurri, garlic chips), and negi toro (fatty tuna with green onion).  Our final sake was Ty-Ku coconut flavored nigori (unfiltered).  This was actually really delicious.  I have long been a coconut fan but I am on a huge coconut kick lately.  This one is worth purchasing, and I can get it at Total Wine or Lee's according to the sommelier.This ended up being a really fun event.  At the end, I ordered the yuzu frangipane, which is made to order because it is a molten cake!  Warm almond cake, molten yuzu cream cheese filling, raspberry sorbet, almond toffee, and fresh raspberries.  It was tasty, more like almond than yuzu.  The idea of it is really good, but I am looking for yuzu to punch my taste buds, so this in the end was not quite yuzu-y enough for me :) and it cost $12.  Anyway, I would come back for some bites here, especially that eggplant!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,3/12/2013,156,125,6,14,5>Lambs beware! This place serves up tasty lamb in so many ways, grilled, stewed, boiled, fried you name they got it! Bad for lambs but good for us. I typically hate lamb for its gamey taste however this place does lamb right. I'm also assuming this place came from California since their website says Rosemead so I'm glad that Cali food is coming over. Lamb skewers are THE thing to get here. The lamb is very tender and fatty. They then pile on authentic spices which covers up the gamey taste. This is pretty much as close as you can get to authentic chinese lamb skewers in Vegas so definitely try this. 5 pieces for $6.Another thing to try are the cold noodles with sesame sauce. The noodles are thick and chewy which I like and drenched in a chili oil/seasame sauce with small chunks of bean curd. Very tasty! and only $3.50Service was good enough.  Server stopped by and checked on us and don't be afraid if you don't speak chinese cuz they do! Located in same plaza as HK Star and Icy Juicy next to Cue Ds.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,3/11/2013,216,391,26,28,21>Do NOT come in on a Monday- They're not open on Sunday.- Deliveries come on Tuesday and Friday (4 days to use up fish[?])Call in for a reservation.Order the nigiri servings (50 bones)- You'll get 10 pieces so expect to still be hungry afterwardsI won't talk about the fishes because it will forever change, as it should because of the quality.  When you call, reserve the bar area.  Screw the tables, he'll make your nigiri pieces and it'll sit on a plate until all of them are made and then served to you (screw that).  Clean your hands with the warm towel.  Get the nigiri courses.  Make sure you have the small cup with clean paper tower inside to dab your fingers clean, you'll need it later.  Take a shot of your sake drink.  Eat whatever until you get to the nigiri serving.  When the chef puts the piece down in front of you, dab your fingers clean and tilt the nigiri piece over to it's side, then roll it over with your clean fingers so the fish is under the rice, put it in your mouth so your tongue touches the fish first.  Ahhh, mmmmm.  Eat it right away, no matter what even if you're having a heart attack from the mmmmm mmmm mmm.  Don't hold it up and ask what it is, just pay attention because he will tell you BUT EAT IT ALREADY!!  Then ask any other question you may have.  Repeat with the clean fingers, ginger eating, fish touching the tongue first (mmmm).  Eat your handroll and appreciate the sushi wrapper, it is the best.  I believe the dried seaweed is $200 a package but it tastes and breaks down it's worth, trust me.  Marvel at each nigiri piece.  You leave it up there then it's a sign of disrespect and you'll look like a noob.  Actually you are a noob if you leave it up there because the quality of the rice and fish goes down the second it touches the plate in front of you.  Eat it right away!!  One day you'll be pro like me: walk in, eat, walk out.  I know it's not a review but appreciate this guideline!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,3/10/2013,207,584,12,11,10>Came here Friday night for dinner with some friends. The place has a modern, yet cozy and relaxing feel to it.We sat at the round table in the middle. The have a bunch of tables, and a sushi bar. The music playing in the background was my type of music. So, on to the food and service.......Food:  Everything had such a beautiful presentation. We received several comp'd tastings from the chef. (very cool!). My favorite was the compressed watermelon and tuna with sliced jalapenos and cilantro. Very tasty. The fried tofu was good too. We ordered what seemed like every item on the menu. Fried brussel sprouts, (FANTASTIC), japanese pumpkin tempura, (YUM), beet fries (Tasty), a tuna plate, a mackerel plate, a scallop plate, another tuna plate, a prokbelly plate. And, I'm sure I'm forgetting some. The presentation of all dishes was beautiful. My scallops had some edible flowers which were so pretty. The flavors on all dishes (except pot belly, I didnt try that), were good to very good. The brussel sprouts were I think my favorite. The were fried and then tossed with crunchy rice and vinegar? WOOOOW. So good. So so good. I will get those again. The fishes were all nice too. Nice flavor and one of them had a nice smoky char flavor which I enjoyed quite a bit. Dessert was good, but they were out of the one we really wanted. The chocolate dessert we got was good, but it was supposed to come with white chocolate (which I am not a fan of) and instead it came with a lime sorbet. I didn't think that matched the dish though. I think the white chocolate would have been better. The bathroom was very very clean. They have mouthwash and small cups to rinse with after dinner. Or, you can do like I did and think it's soap and try and wash your hands with it. Duuuuuh! The service was excellent. Our waiter called the quinoa I sampled, KIN O WAH, which was weird, but he was very nice and attentive. They cleared our plates once they were done, they refilled our waters/ice tea's when they were close to empty. The manager came over and introduced herself and gave us all her card. Ill definitely come back here, and I just might let Christina talk me into raw fish!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/9/2013,433,1034,4,10,10>First time around and I thought they were good. For a local BBQ joint, they might eventually move up to be one of my favorites. I didn't get to try their ribs because they were still cooking on the smoker. A tip would be to not go too early since they won't always have everything done by opening. I will go back sometime during the mid afternoon to guarantee me a taste of the highly spoken about ribs. What we did have was amazing. The chili cheese fries are everything you loved as a kid. The chili is free of beans and is made completely of meat. The cheese comes in sauce form. The fries could have been fried longer to add a textural variation to the dish, but that is just nitpicking. The two meat plate is more than enough to feed two people. The pulled pork was a little dry. I was highly impressed with the chicken. It was moist, tender, and the skin had a slight crisp under the BBQ sauce. As for the sides, the sweet potato casserole was the hands down best. It is packed with pecans and brown sugar goodness. The mac'n cheese was good as well. I will definitely be back for the ribs and sweet potato casserole next time.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,3/8/2013,328,389,7,14,11>Tenaya Creek had been on my radar forever, but the whole "me not liking beer" thing kept me from making the trip.  Well, as luck would have it, I've started to enjoy beer again (take that, 21st birthday!) and I met someone from Tenaya Creek at a Yelp event at Whole Foods.  His name escapes me, but he was super friendly and gave us a couple samples to try.  Despite being darker beer, I liked it!  I was now convinced I needed to make a visit to Tenaya Creek.I've now been twice and I really fell for the place.  There's nothing special about the bar - just your standard bar with a few places outside to sit.  There's a pool table, a couple video games, some TV's playing sports, and windows looking out to the brewery.  But what this place lacks for in style, it makes up in every other way possible.The bartenders are the friendliest I've met.  They introduce themselves to you and ask your name when you come in (!) and they are happy to have a conversation with you instead of amongst themselves.  The other customers are friendly too and one guy even ran to the door to hold it open for me when my hands were full (!!).  It's a small-town feel despite being in the middle of Las Vegas.The prices are amazing - $3 for 16 ounce or $4 for 20 ounce.  I'm not sure if that's happy hour pricing, but I didn't see any advertisements for a happy hour.  When the bartender said our tab was $6 for two beers, I literally yelled "What?!" in front of a bunch of people.  I might have made a bit of a scene....The best part about this place is that every beer I've tried, I've liked.  This amazes me to no end.  There's no food to be had and choices nearby are slim.  But on my last visit they invited Sausagefest to their parking lot and they had some awesome vegan sausages I got to try!  I'm so close to giving them five stars, but the ambience of the place is keeping me from doing it.  I want a bar to be a little dark (theirs is pretty open and bright) and have some interesting décor or seating or something to make me want to stick around a little longer.  You know, a nice place for me and my husband to grab a couple of drinks and hang out for a while.  If you're more interested in meeting some new, friendly people in a open bar then this is definitely a five star place.I was told at the Yelp event that they offer brewery tours and I'm looking forward to doing one soon.  Call ahead to schedule.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,3/7/2013,400,1236,6,19,15>Meeting a friend who was visiting from out of town, our party of 5 (plus infant) decided to meet at Ramen Sora for dinner. We got there, but they were packed to the gills, so we decided to head to Wendy's Noodle House instead, since our friend had a plane to catch and didn't want to waste our time waiting for a table. I remember coming here years ago when they first opened. I enjoyed my meal here that time, but haven't been back since. We were seated quickly and the service was pretty hospitable. They came to take our orders pretty quickly despite sending them away several times because we were chatting so much we were too distracted to actually pick something to eat from the littany of menu options. Our table started with some xiao long bao and steak baos for appetizers. I didn't get a chance to try either of these, but my friends raved about them. I ordered a Thai tea with boba and the noodles in xo sauce. The food came out quickly and and everyone in our party thoroughly enjoyed their meals. My noodles were nice and spicy and had a great texture. There wasn't one thing we ordered that we didn't enjoy. There are many things to love about this place. The prices were beyond reasonable, their menu selection is extensive and everything we ordered was tasty. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying some of the noodle soups and desserts on the menu. Great little spot I'm glad I rediscovered.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,3/6/2013,259,5,6,16,10>I'm at tofu hut on a weekly basis and i'm surprised i havent gotten sick of this place!!! My BF & I mostly go during happy hour (after 10pm) and our orders usually consist of : brisket, regular pork belly, ribeye and marinated pork belly. My top fave is not included during happy hr and u have to pay extra (Short ribs). I noticed a decline in their marinated pork belly. I noticed during the last several visits, most of the meat is fat. Brisket comes in different thickness/length with each order, but still tastes the same. (Pls keep it long & thick!...."that's what she said....")..When we first started coming here, we didnt know if what they gave us was brisket or tongue coz it ALWAYS looked so different every time they brought it out....I am a HUGE fan of their salad...so flavorful! i'm not a big salad girl and this is a definite must have every time i eat here..My bf loves their korean pancakes and i am a fan of the japchae. Overall, good banchan.  Our servers are usually the same 2 guys at night and they are both so friendly, attentive and hard workers! This and Sura are my faves for Korean bbq...Honey Pig wasnt bad either!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,3/5/2013,274,498,5,12,8>Round Two at Buldogis! Here's what I ordered:+Angry Dog:  A juicy, plump dog topped with Asian Slaw, fatty pieces of spicy pork Bulgogi, diced jalapeño peppers, and spicy mayo. This dog gave my tastebuds a bite! (yelp.com/user_local_phot)Although I've only dined here twice, I've made the decision that this is my favorite dog, at least, for now. I prefer The Angry Dog over the Bahn Mi Dog -- which is also worth a try -- because it's much spicier. On the other hand, my cousin ordered the Bahn Mi Dog and thought it was too spicy. Either way, both dogs seem geared towards lovers of hotness, though you can request to tone it down a few notches. +Euro Fries: I think these tasted better the second time around, or maybe it's because I haven't been here in a while so they just tasted bomb to me? Mmm, pork belly, cheese, and garlic mayo. What an irresistible combination.(yelp.com/biz_photos/buld)Hm, I wonder what's in store for Round 3? Perhaps Angry Kimchi Fries? A Teriyaki Dog? A burger? Don't know, but I think I should start visiting this place more often.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,3/4/2013,44,155,16,19,16>Guess what was for dinner tonight? BREAD.That was *not* the plan. The plan, here on T minus 29 days of the final stretch of my Vegas Farewell Tour, was to finally go to Bacchanal Buffet for a late lunch. I still don't know what happened. I went to a new bakery yesterday, for Pete's sake. But something happened while I was clicking around Yelp, and suddenly I found out that at some point in this crazy past year, the universe managed to slip in a bakery about a four-minute walk away from my home. And I had NO idea until today.Well, that just wouldn't do. I couldn't believe that artisan bread was being baked within 30 crow-flying seconds and I didn't know about it. Was my carb-dar totally broken?I hopped into the car, still thinking that Sugar Bee's was going to be an errand before a proper meal. You know, maybe get a tart or something to stick in the fridge for tomorrow.Hahahahahaha. Ha.Sugar Bee's Bakery has two cases: one for items that are almost always available, another for a selection of items that varies more frequently. Result: a bit of a sore neck from swiveling my head side to side to side to side to side while I tried to pick out a single token item so I could "notch" my visit."We make different specialty breads every day. Today we have jalapeno-cheddar ciabatta. Would you like to try some?"I glanced at the palm-sized "samples.""No." I paused. "No, because I already know I'm bringing home an entire loaf."If you've seen the photos that I've shared here on Yelp, you already know that was just the beginning.Regular ciabatta bread. Butterscotch tart. Lemon tart. Dark chocolate and honey pastry. Almond thingay with seasonal fruit. (Not sure what it was, but the way it tasted, pronouncing "thingy" with a Parisian accent is appropriate.) Chocolate chip cookie. Croissant. Tangerine cinnamon roll. (Tangerine cinnamon roll!)And macarons. Little-known fact: I don't like macarons. Sure, they're so cute and colorful and button-like that I've bought them more than once, thinking this time it'd be different, but I've always been disappointed. Always.When it turned out that Sugar Bee's Bakery was out of chocolate tart, the woman behind the counter suggested the macarons. "Oh NO," I barked out with a yeah-right laugh. "I don't care for macarons at ALL."But... there was negative space in the container... and once again I found myself thinking, "Well, *this* time it really could be different."And suddenly a strawberry-lemonade and a vanilla-bean macaron were along for the ride.I decided that, to be fair, if I didn't like the macarons, I wouldn't mention them in this review. I'm just not a macaron person. It wouldn't be right for me to judge.You might've noticed that I've mentioned them in this review.And I might just now be a macaron person.They were like the cookie equivalent of creme brulee! A silky crack as the outer shell collapsed and plenty of flavor in the creamy filling. Not the dry, porous little cookies I'd always had before.I nibbled one tiny bite of everything while I took photos, and every item either reached my expectations or skyrocketed past them. One little nibble of everything... except the bread. The bread was dragged to the sofa, caveman-style. The regular ciabatta loaf was *supposed* to be used for the sandwich I decided to have instead of going out to eat. (So I could enjoy some of these sugary lovelies at their freshest.) Never happened. By the end of the evening, the bread was a savage pile of crusty-crust and the memories of a holey-yet-chewy crumb.And that is the story of the day I ate bread for every meal.I guess the universe knew what it was doing when it tried to hide Sugar Bee's Bakery from me. Between the taste, the friendly service, the slightly lower than usual prices, and the (at this writing) Yelp coupon *and* Yelp deal, I might have developed a daily pastry habit that would've eclipsed all other life goals if I hadn't been so protected. To those of you remaining in our fair valley with no one to swat your grabby hands away from the tangerine cinnamon rolls, I can only wish you good luck.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,3/3/2013,499,167,5,7,5>Finally a Thai restaurant that I actually enjoyed, although it's not necessarily in the most convenient location for me to frequent a lot. We came here for Sunday lunch on the recommendation of my friend and I was definitely not disappointed. The prices are reasonable and the selection of choices have your usual favorites of Thai food. The waiter warned us as we were ordering about the spice level (from 1-10)...we were told to get about a 3-4 as that would be spicy enough. It had a good kick and after eating the entire meal, I could feel the spice, but it was not overwhelming. I can only imagine the burning of a 7-8. HOT STUFF!We got a nice selection of food...started with the Crying Tiger (Thai Beef Salad)...we were asked how much do we want to cry (spice level). We didn't cry that much. And for family style entrees to share around the table, we ordered the Red Curry (chicken), the garlic pepper stir fry (pork), and the drunken noodles (beef). All had a nice amount of spice and really good flavor. I'm looking forward to the next time that I will venture up to this area to try some of the other dishes that they have to offer.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,3/2/2013,175,80,4,14,9>Kauai Cafe is a new spot that had its Grand Opening today, specializing in Hawaii Local Food located in the corner of Tropicana and Hualapai, My family and I dropped in for an early dinner tonight, hungry of course, or as my dad likes to say..."we da Flemings and we HUNGRY!"...in that Clyde Klump voice. Lol. I think our family had a fair spread of the whole menu tonight. The menu isn't too big, yet its not too small. You have your breakfast items, your specialty items, main mix plate items, burgers and sandwiches, and sides. The prices weren't too bad either.Dad and the lil bro had the "Linaka's Mix Grill" which consisted of Teri Pork, Char Siu Chicken and Kalbi. I didn't get to have any, but it looked really good, and of course will be my first pick when i go back. I had the "Kauai Chicken" which is  Quarter hind chicken dipped in Heinikein Beer batter, and deep fried. Ohhh man...this dish as we like to say in Hawaii, was 'Broke Da Mouth!" meaning DELICIOUS! It was so juicy and crispy on the outside. I will def be back for the chicken. The mac salad was a little bland for me. It could've used a little more mayo i think, and since the rice was still cooking I got the fried noodles instead (which was pretty good). Most plate lunches comes with  your choice of Rice, Fried Rice or Fried Noodles and Mac Salad.  Out of everyone that was there with me, these were the only two that stuck with me, so I decided to share. The rest, well its up to you to find out. For the first day open, I believe they have a good thing going here, and down the line they can work out some kinks. But other than that, the staff is friendly, and food is ono, and I say E Komo Mai to this new Hawaiian Restaurant in Town. Aloha!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2013,3/1/2013,51,87,4,18,6>I am really in two minds about this place, a second visit will be needed, by then I hope they have the place running smoothly AND they take notice of a couple of reviews on here, mine and CF would be a good start.We showed up early, just after 5, as the only customers in the place I was happy to be greeted and sat immediately.The menu is ok, no where near as extensive as some Tapas places I have been to, but there should be a couple of dishes for everyoneThe drinks, yep I have to agree here with CF, taking a thin glass, filling it with ice, then adding a very small amount of liquid isn't the way to go, design over use strikes again, you can get away with that if you are serving premium drinks, but these are not premium.I really need to get this out of the way now, this place screams of an owner thinking about what he likes rather than what his desired customers would like. The seating looks good, but in reality isn't that comfortable and the music choice...Where do I begin, ok, they are aiming for a hip crowd, fair enough, but hip crowds also have kids, gangsta rap really isn't the best idea in the world, to be playing in a restaurant at 5pm, I personally can just block it out, but with the demographic of the area (predominantly older) yeah they may have issues....I totally get that a restaurant should be an extension of the owner/chef, but a neighborhood tapas place isn't the right venue....Anyways food for thought.On to the important stuff, the food. :There are some very good dishes, then there are some that I really just wanted to run in the kitchen, grab one of the iron skillets and smack the chef upside the head, just so I could get a clear picture of what he was thinking.The sticky bun tacos, very nice, the pork belly pieces could have been a bit bigger, but overall a good dish.Monte Cristo, certainly one of the gems, a great combination.gai satay, I was in two minds about this dish, I love traditional satay, this is not a traditional version, but after my second piece I decided I liked it, leaving the skin on gives it a slightly different taste and a way different texture.The Hodgepodge....Ok, this is the dish that had me almost running to the kitchen and is the main reason this place got 3 stars instead of 4 (well ok, hearing the F bomb dropped every 10 seconds for the first 20 minutes we were there also helped, but mostly this dish).If you are going to open a Tapas restaurant, DO NOT BUY AND SERVE products purchased from US Foods or Crisco, the potato tots I can forgive in this respect, but french fries and sweet potato fries directly from the bag, you have got to be kidding me.Make the fries fresh, it's easy to do, cheaper for the restaurant and they taste better. A way better dish would be just taking the tater tots by themselves, they tasted great, the fries tasted just like they had come from a bag, sad.For dessert, well actually I was going to pass, but the cream cheese lote sounded good, so we decided to split it.....And there was the best dish of the night perfect texture, great taste, the only let down was the fork, it wasn't plastic, but it was one of those that are so thin, when you look at them they bend and in fact, ours did bend, yes a crepe (call it Thai flat bread if you like it isn't, but whatever) bent two forks....This place has potential, but it needs a reality check or it won't be around long, the staff are pleasant, the service quick and friendly, this could be a great place with just a little thought put into it.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,2/28/2013,145,143,9,11,10>Thank you Yelp for helping me realize there were restaurants not called Lotus of Siam or Namaste in the Sahara Pavilion.   Thank you again for giving me the blueprint to ordering what I ultimately ordered from the giant encyclopedia set that apparently is the menu that they present to you at Komol.  "I don't see the herbal salad"   "Oh, check the Vegetarian section, page 23 on volume 2" We started with the Yelp heralded Herbal salad and got it brought to the table sort of as an appetizer.   One of my favorite new dishes of 2012 by far.  Yes, a dish consisting of fruits, veggies, tofu, cashews is one of the best new things I've eaten in the last 8 months.  This should be the moment I just bow out of the whole Yelping experience altogether.  DO YOU REALIZE HOW MANY BEEF AND PORK DISHES I'VE EATEN DURING THIS TIME SPAN?   Okay, settling down.   So yeah, Herbal Salad: freaking amazing.  Next.   Vegetarian Pad Thai (Tofu).   Enjoyed the flavor on this, but it didn't really seem any different than other versions I've had.  Still worth ordering if you're a big fan of Pad Thai I guess, as I usually am not.   Then we had the Chili Mint Chicken, which I liked a lot.  Ground up chicken sauteed with garlic. hot peppers and basil.  Pretty standard fare for a thai restaurant, but done exceptionally well.  Lastly I had to try the much raved about Panang Curry with beef.   I was actually slightly disappointed in this considering due to reviews I was expecting angels to descend through the ceiling and bless my lips and tongue after each bite.  That being said, it was delicious even sans angels.  It had a smokier flavor than I'm used to having from pretty much any curry I've ever had.  I appreciated the large bowl of sticky rice they also provided the table which was great at soaking up the curry and whatever other juices or bits and pieces the other dishes left on the plate.  The only item I didn't enjoy was the non-dairy coconut ice cream I ordered at the end.  I didn't really expect it to be good because let's be honest, non-dairy ice cream just by principle isn't right.   The flavor was okay on it but texture-wise I wasn't a fan.   Little chunks of coconut were present and the overall texture was almost grainy, not smooth.   With so many amazing entree plates preceding it, I didn't really mind this mild disappointment.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,2/27/2013,79,69,9,10,9>This place jumps all over with me. Hit or miss. Was victim of some bamboozlement a few visits ago, but I think the last visit made up for it. If you've been here before and the menu seems a little fishy, demand for the LOCAL MENU!!! I'll leave it at that...Had some visitors from Minnesota during our cold front. Two were noobs and the other two were well experienced Korean BBQ specialists. We all jump on the AYCE menu. Banchan sides were set with a bunch of garlic and jalapeno peppers.                     (please forgive me if I spelled the food incorrectly)Round 1:Beef brisket (Chadol Baegi) and beef tongue (Gyutan). It's what's for dinner. Noobies weren't big fans of the beef tongue. Both tasted good, although I prefer the brisket over anything that can taste me back.Round 2, 3, & 4:Pork Belly (Samgyeopsal). This was THE BUSINESS!!! These cuts were GIANORMOUS!!! Even the noobies were in awe by the majestic slabs of pork belly staring them in their eyes. PORK BELLY GET IN MY BELLY!!! Round 5: Marinated beef short ribs (Galbi). We finished off the feeding with something marinated. Not that big of a fan, but it was good. I'll pho'ks with it. Honey Pig's brisket and pork belly got me hooked again. Only time will tell if they can stay consistent. We've been lucky to keep getting the same waitress which is on top of her game. I'll be watching for anymore bamboozlement. YAY! I'M A FAN!!!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,2/26/2013,425,246,5,15,9>I've been to The Lady Silvia three times now.  I want to like it more and give out 5 stars, but 4 sits just perfect with my conscious.The Lady Silvia probably has the coolest interior of any Vegas bar.  In fact they take it as far as they can without pushing over-the-top for trying way too hard.The Lady Silvia is certainly not a hipster bar as some have suggested.  They do things too well here for the hipster to love on it.  The clientele is not comprised of hipsters.  The drinks & the prices do not speak  to the hipster.  Having said my peace  there I can now continue to review...The drinks are one of the areas that prevent The Lady Silvia from attaining 5 stars.  There are several solid classic cocktails, as well as a few original creations that are enjoyable.  The drinks just fall a little short...lacking balance and proper execution generally speaking.  The prices have dropped from when I first came in though--the house crafted drinks going for $10 or $11 as opposed to $15.  The bartenders also earn the 4 star mark...better than the average bar tender, but not the exceptional mixologist that I would expect upon entering into The Lady Silvia.The Lady Silvia also has a wide array of events and weekly alterations to their normal business flow.  This is not good or bad in and of itself.  I am not into their attempt to be a sports bar during football nights, but others appreciate it I'm sure.They also offer some CLASSIC Spanish style tapas for a couple of bucks.  They make for some nice snacks while you drink.For me the hero is the ambiance and atmosphere.  And I will return again for that.  The Lady Silvia is a perfect place to come with a group of 4 - 6 friends who want to relax, enjoy some conversation on some uber cool couches, and have some good drinks....the pictures do not begin to do justice to the decor inside.The Lady Silvia also lacks any sign.  I like this.  You have to find it to enjoy it though.  Enter on Hoover between the Globe Salon and the Gallery of Contemporary Art.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,2/25/2013,64,304,16,19,18>If Chef Marc's were any better it would be on the front lines entertaining the troops, kicking taliban ass, while rebuilding local infrastructure and giving local children education. But wait it doesnt stop there. It would also come home a glorified war hero and help rebuild the American Economy and finally just FINALLY get rid of all today's shitty ass music and possibly resurrect Tupac...Anyway i never been here before but often hear the raves of Chef Marc and how totally awesome is it. Lately i've been hankering for some good Italian food. So i set up a UYE yelp.com/biz/tien-hosted10 people all going for tasting menus with some opting for wine paring. I'm not exactly a wine kinda guy so just food for me. Tho their italian beers were quite nice.Cant exactly remember what we all ate but it was good. Damn good. If i wore panties they'd be dropped by the 3rd course. Oh and holy crap the bread is NICE!!! with the garlic butter on top and the balsamic vinegar and olive oil...sooooo niceSo going off of memory lets see what we had1 - Conch Salad - Very good texture, soft and not rubbery and oh so tender. Flavor was a little off for me but it opted a good opportunity to use the "real" salt they offered. Balanced quite nicely after that2 - Escargot (our special diet friends who opted not to have escargot got some kind of ravioli) - Two per person served on a slice of bread drenched in garlic butter with some herbs. Not exactly the freshest snails available but they did their best with what they had and it was no less then absolutely delicious 3 - Fried Brussels sprouts with some kind of spicy prawn - I've only eaten brussel sprouts on a handful of occasions. These were halfed then fried to give them a nice flavor. The spicy prawns...wow just wow these were nice and plump and had a mild rising heat to them. Again quite nice4 - Pasta with wild mushrooms in some kinda sauce with ham in it - Pappardelle Wild Mushroom- LoL at my naming of items. This was the highlight of my dinner. The absolute best thing in my opinion. Pretty sure it was fresh pasta seeing as i've never seen noodle that big only on TV. The sauce they whipped up to bind the pork and mushrooms together with the noodles...genius...Ask Christie O i kept trying to steal her togo box the entire night.5 - Some kind of fish... - Wild Snapper Livornese- Some kind of fish and a portion of a barley like grain served with a tomato based sauce and a few strips of broccolini. 6 - Dessert - Turamisu and Chocolate Mousse Cake - Holy crap the little square of Tiramisu was orgasmic. The other chocolate cake thingie was good but holy hell the tiramisu...I have finally discovered Chef Marc's...Now they will have to discover a way to keep me away.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,2/23/2013,361,158,5,11,7>We are blessed to have the option of AYCE sushi deals at pretty much all sushi joints in Vegas. So in my search of the BEST one, I think I'm going to have to go with Sushi House Goyemon. Lunch is 21.95 and dinner is 24.95. I asked what the difference is and it's just a small change-up of the menu with the addition of some extra sushi pieces. Lunch would satisfy me just fine any day.  However, if you want to try that green tea creme brule and that nice green cake in the main photo... you'll have to join them for dinner (Reminder: come back for dinner soon). The place is small and they don't take reservations. I'd say there were about a good 10-12 tables in the main dining area, and an extra 3-4 tables in their extra room in the back. So if you're planning to throw a big birthday hoopla there, make sure you and your guests come early to reserve because they won't sit you unless you are all present. The decor is simplistic but modern with their wooded ceiling framework and their fancy light structures (i think it came from Ikea).Now finally on to the food. The appetizers aren't bad. The nigiri sushi pieces are mediocre. Too little rice, and not enough fish. If you're a salmon lover, skip the nigiri and just get a salmon handroll. It's much more worth it, I promise. If you have some rice left over on the place, order the dynamite (creamy mixture of seafood and mayo concoction) and pair it with the rice, it's actually pretty darn good and compliments each other very well! I'm not the biggest roll fan but I actually enjoy their rolls here. I love how they provide the option of getting half orders (4 pieces) of each roll so you don't have to kill yourself to finish massive amount of pieces to avoid any extra charges of anything left over. There's some good and bad traits, but overall I think you'll get the most bang out of your AYCE buck here.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,2/22/2013,323,136,7,14,14>Hit or miss for anybody.Definitely hit for me. Any place that has  STREET FIGHTERS is awesome. I didn't get the chance to try out the food.They have a big draft beer for $27  it is about 8 pints, or you can just get the small draft for $4.00 or the large for $5.50. Careful though because Vodka, grenadine, and red-bull was $8.00 and was only about 1 cup serving wise.The bathrooms are clean the bartenders are nice, overall the it is really a decent bar. (compared to some bars I have seen)Honestly I would recommend this places. I don't go to bar to judge it by the type of people in it but by the service and availibilty of games drinks ect.(I will probably edit this more I am still a little intoxicated)I had a great time. My first UYE thanks to Julie.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,2/21/2013,335,920,19,14,12>You want it...they usually have it!This swap meet is probably one of the biggest I've been to.  Not as big as the ones I'd hit in California, but for sure the biggest out here.  You name it and this swap meet probably has it.  Or, at least they know someone that has it.  I remember when I first moved out here, someone selling water gave me advice about finding the right Realtor agent to buy a house.  I didn't use them, but hey it's the thought that counts.   An outdoor swap meet, this one is a mix between vendors and your garage sale type sellers.  From the outside this place looks average sized, but once you're in it can be a beast to get through every aisle.  You will find your mix of different merchandise ranging from household products to tools, electronics to toys, and a bunch of clothing.  This swap meet also has a bunch of eats.  There's a small admision here, ranging from $.50 to $2.  Not sure what the exact admission really is.  My last 3 visits, I paid for myself and whoever is behind me (stranger or not).    One issue here is parking.  Don't get me wrong.  There's tons of parking, just a lot more people.  My advice, get here around 8 AM or after 2 PM.  Come here around noon and you'll spend the next 30 minutes driving around looking for that empty spot.  My other problem is that I never buy anything that I am looking for.  However, I always leave with something I don't need.  TIP:  Looking to lose a few pounds over the summer??? Then come here during the middle of the day, preferably mid-July.  110 degree temperature with no shade equals Bikram Shopping.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,2/20/2013,95,88,11,8,9>"Breakfast (at) Epiphanies"I come here for breakfast on Saturdays. Just once in a while, though.I'm the brooding one at counter's end, staring at the wall like a poster boy for autism, solving complicated problems, arriving at life-changing realizations. I'm aware that I should instead be gazing slack-jawed at a cell phone like most others but I'm capable of occupying my mind without mini-screens. Besides, my cell phone is just a phone, and I only turn it on when I need to make a call.Anyway, the coffee is good here, and the food tastes like it should.Last time I got corned beef hash; it came with bell peppers, onions, scrambled eggs, hash browns and toast, although you can substitute hash browns with seasoned potatoes if you want, and the toast with coffee cake for something sweet. Everything was good. I liked it.The time before I went with the cakes and eggs combo which arrived witheggs scrambled(my favorite way), two huge pancakes and sausage links, although you can order patties instead of links and bacon instead of sausage. I didn't care for the links so next time I'll get patties. But the cakes were good. Hot and fluffy like a freshly served souflee, which, I suppose, is kind of what pancakes are in a way.This location does get crowded so plan to wait unless you're an early bird like me. They are open for lunch as well and the link below will show you their fare.thecrackedegglv.com/cracIf you make it here some Saturday and see me at the counter, feel free to ask what I'm thinking about. But don't get mad if you don't like the answer. ;(
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,2/19/2013,198,223,2,16,12>i just recently discovered this hidden gem.a friend of mine has been purchasing noodles from louie's for years and only recently divulged her secret.i can see why she was hiding this place.a chinese noodle manufacturer here in vegas!?yeah, i'd probably keep it a secret too!a cash only business, open to the public, louie's has been the main supplier of asian noodles in the valley since july 2000.they're located in an industrial center where the majority of their space is warehouse/manufacturing with a very tiny office/reception area in the front.they have a handful of selections posted on the wall and desk with prices but they also have a few items that aren't on the printed "menu".so, make sure you ask "what else" they might have that day or check their website before heading over there.the freshest of the fresh, the noodles at louie's range from your typical egg noodles to spinach or carrot infused noodles to gyoza and shiu mai skins to japanese saimin.they're inexpensive, especially for freshly made noodles, and they are, by far, the best noodles i've had in a long time.i love making dumplings and louie's has the absolute best dumpling skins i've ever worked with, next to the freshly made ones my grandma used to make.so, if you love noodles, especially asian ones, louie's must be your one stop shop for all your noodle needs!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/18/2013,172,155,4,9,8>Sun's is a new Thai restaurant in the near North Las Vegas area where I work, and I welcome it!  The staff is very welcoming and full of smiles and professional service.  The inside consists of your usual Thai restaurant decor, and has a fresh cleanness about it.  The karaoke stage had drums and guitars set up and ready to go.  On to the food!I ordered the jerky ($7.95) and the red curry ($8.95) on the server's recommendation.  I found that the jerky was a little tough, but the flavor was nice.  The sauce, other than the basil, was pretty bland and rather useless against the stronger flavors of the jerky.  It did pair well with the red curry, however.    The red curry was pretty good.  For a subtly flavored red curry, it had a nice balance and a unique creamy flavor.  It was a very watery curry, but had well balanced flavor so it worked out.  The green and red peppers were pretty juicy (P.A. has raised the bar here), and the beef was tender.  There was lots of bamboo, but not to the annoying amounts that Archi's does.  It easily served two people and I had to order an extra rice to finish it (they didn't charge me for the extra rice).  I ordered a 7/10 heat level and it was moderately spiced for my tastes.    All in all Sun's is on the upper 3's for me, so rounded up to a 4 for this review.  It is a welcomed addition to places to eat around my work.  A bit more Americanized, Sun's offers a little extra quality in their food than some other Thai restaurants.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,2/17/2013,318,159,4,11,11>I knew the owner spoke my coffee language when he described Starbucks as "too bitter" and Einstein's as "too watered down." That being said, I was happy to find that Pink Box is brewing a strong, beautiful blend to complement their doughnuts. I stopped by on Saturday, their second day in business, and wasn't shocked to find a limited selection in the doughnut case. Potential customers were leaving empty handed upon finding no chocolate doughnuts remaining on the shelves... tough crowd. I believe doughnuts are an effective cure for disappointment, so I ordered a regular glazed (yeast-raised, though cake was also available) and a cup of coffee. My first observation about the doughnut was that it wasn't overly sweet. It had a nice homemade flavor and some chew to it, in contrast to those Krispy Kreme- style ones that dissolve in your mouth like cotton candy because they contain nothing but sugar and overly-processed ingredients. It was a nice-sized treat for $1, and they even offered to serve it on a plate so I could take a seat at the (doughnut) bar and eat inside the store. Service was very enthusiastic and friendly! The pricing structure is uncommon, with filled/jelly doughnuts costing 50 cents more than plain, and the gourmet varieties going for $1.75. Once they can keep up with the high demand for doughnuts a little better, I'll be back to try the apple pie fritter and buttermilk bar.Merry Christmas Update: I'm giving Pink Box a well-deserved upgrade to 5 stars after my second visit on December 24, when a much better selection was available, including apple fritters! I'd like to see more apple in the fritter and it had the texture of cake rather than a yeast doughnut, but it was very moist and tasty. At $8.50 for a dozen, you'll have plenty to share and get a better deal than paying for individual doughnuts! Since making it to my car juggling a baby carrier, dozen doughnuts, and requisite cup of my favorite Pink Box coffee would require two trips, the owner carried my pink box out for me... now that's awesome service! Now, to try that buttermilk bar...
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,2/15/2013,191,302,5,10,12>The Skinny: craving Mediterranean food - this place totally satisfies from their decadent Mushi to the Koobideh Kabob. (4) service: the owners are super friendly and food is served promptly (5),overall - it's rare to find a joint where you want to return to explore the different dishes of a culture. Zaytoon is one of those places (4.5).I was craving hummus with some pita one day and the hubs found this place on Yelp. After that fateful night - we've been back at least 3x within the last week -- yes, it is that good.The key dishes here IMHO are the appys (priced at $3.99 each). Our by far favs are the masto khiar (yogurt and cucumber) and the masto musir (shallot with yogurt). The yogurt itself is so thick and luscious, I bet you could turn the bowl over and not a dollop would escape. Yes it is that decadent. Paired with endless piping hot sesame topped Iranian flatbread (FYI -the owners keep the bread coming) - oh so crispy, flaky - it is definitely addicting. We've tried both the hummus and the kashe bademjaan (roasted eggplant dip) too which are both very good as well. I've tried their falafel and veggie sandwiches with both optional sides of the shiraz salad and fries. The sandwiches are loaded with onions, tomatoes, green peppers and cucumbers with a ?yogurt sauce and is oh so delicious. The falafel is crispy on the outside while retaining its fluffy interior. Completely satisfying.The shiraz salad was nicely acidic to accompany the richness of the other items. Dressed with mint and citrus, the flavours of the onion, cucumber, tomato mixture really pop. The fries are okay and the portions are generous.My hubby loves to get their chicken soltani. Both the chicken and koobedeh kabobs are well seasoned and moist. The plate comes with a roasted tomato, onions served with a bed of basmati rice. The butter and sumac on the table are used to dress the rice. We tried their pistachio ice cream flavoured with rosewater and saffron. Nicely floral with some cardamom mixed it, it was a nice way to finish a meal and cleanse the palate.Every time we go there, I'm always looking around and try to see what other people are getting so we can try it next time. We saw another gentleman who ordered the koobideh kabob with fresh herbs and on fresh bread (aka KGB) which looked intriguing and has been put on our list to try the next time we are there. Not to mention there was an interesting stew they were offering over a different type of rice. The spinach soup and lamb shank sounded wonderful too.A key factor to why we keep coming back is the service. The owners of the restaurant are really obliging and willing to take the time to explain the different dishes they offer. I was a little bit curious about their torshi - it's some form of Persian pickled vegetables. The owner actually brought some out for me to try and warned me it was an acquired taste (it was actually very good - a little bit sweet, nicely spiced --- however the hubs didn't care for it). It's really cool that they would do that.Overall, this a great little neighbourhood joint that serves some delicious, intriguing eats for reasonable prices. Throw in the friendly service,  you have a hidden gem - not to be missed! 4.5 stars out of 5.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,2/14/2013,155,75,1,16,15>SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL FARMERS!!!!Although this is not the BEST Farmer's Market I have ever been to, it is definitely the best that Vegas has to offer! I come here every Friday on my lunch break to have lunch and pick up whatever catches my eye. Usually, I buy a ton of fruit (strawberries, raspberries, blood oranges, apples, passion fruit, mango, pineapple - whatever is in season) and some artichoke, corn, sweet potatoes, etc. All of the fruits and veggies are fresh and tasty and most are organically grown, which is wonderful. Although some things are a bit expensive, I completely understand why. These farmers are competing with huge corporations and grocery store chains that have the ability to mass produce veggies/fruits for cheap! But, I promise you, this stuff tastes better, contains less toxins/chemicals, and its better for you! The HUMMUS GUY has like, 10-20 different flavors of hummus/dips and they are all delicious. 2 for $10 isn't bad and again, it is fresh and yummy! There are other vendors who sell baked goods like cookies and scones, honey, bread, fancy varieties of olive oil, jerky, jam, juice, tea, coffee, etc. Everyone is EXTREMELY friendly and there are so many free samples!Also, there are a few places to get lunch. Usually, there is a food truck present. I've had Fuku Burker and Rusty Pickle and Great Bao. Today, there was an "Artisan Bread" vendor there offering fresh tuna salad sandwiches with all kinds of fresh veggies on top. I ordered this for lunch and IT WAS AMAZING!!!! $7 is not a bad price for fresh food made with fresh, organic ingredients. I also ordered fries from another vendor who had gluten free, healthy, french fries with AMAZING dipping sauces like chipotle mayo and curry ketchup. YUM. Another favorite of mine is the FRESH FLOWER LADY. Today, I gave her $30 and asked her to put something together for me. When I came back after I ate, she had a huge bouquet of roses, star lillies, daisies, carnations, these long purple things... and other varieties of coral/purple/pink flowers. Awesome!I really can't say enough good things about this Farmers Market.. and I really wish more people would come in and check it out!!!!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,2/13/2013,243,421,13,9,8>Price alert! Price alert!The famous $3.95 for a 1/2 pound steakburger with fries has been upped to $5.95!Just my luck that the places I decide to finally visit for the awesome prices, no longer have those prices!  From Rani's, Sage at Aria, and now this...I need to hurry and jump on the bandwagon while these places have those awesome prices.Anywho, we really enjoyed our lunch here today.  The carpet was indeed cool.  The water mill was very serene.  The smoke, not so much, but it is a lounge after all.  I want to share a quick story.  Waitress (W): What would you like to drink?Me (M): Is the tea freshly brewed?W: Yes.M: Is it sweetened?W: No.M: Do you have agave nectar?W: No, but we have sugar.M: Do you have mango lemonade?W: We have lemonade.M: Umm, what other drinks do you have?W: Pepsi, Diet Pepsi, Sprite, Ginger Ale..M: Oh, what brand of Ginger Ale?W: The one that comes out of the box.M: I will get the Ginger Ale then.W: Ok, what would you like to eat?M: I'll have the Patty Melt with six slices of pickles.W: It comes with a pickle spear.M: I like 6 slices of pickles.W: Oh ok.My bf had to remind me that this is not a typical restaurant...it's a LOUNGE!  Oops, my bad.  I honestly didn't mean to be complicated.  The food came out and they were delish!  My bf had the famous, now $5.95 burger, with a slice of American chesse ($.50) and bacon ($.75) and I had the patty melt for $6.95.  I was full off of half of that patty melt.Our bill came out shy of $20, but our waitress took our card and gave us back the change since it's their policy not to run cards for less than $20.  In summary, we would come back.  It's pretty cool!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,2/12/2013,1742,366,7,12,11>For starters, the complimentary fresh baked sourdough loaf bread and butter basket is a nice treat!Mmmmmm yummy I love Metro Pizza. The Decatur and Flamingo location is cozy and fun always a nice experience!The Service is Fantastic every time I have dined here and I am unsure why I am now just submitting my review for this Awesome pizza and Pasta place?Mmmmm yum what we ordered this time around was a Sicilian sub, spicy shrimp pasta and baked ziti.The jam packed Sicilian sub was great and set on home hearth baked bread it just melts in your mouth!The baked ziti loaded up with sauce, mozzarella and ricotta cheese it was the best!The portions are very generous as you are guaranteed to be leaving with leftovers for another meal!I have always had their pizza in the past which is very good however this is the first time I ordered a pasta dinner and am so happy I did!!!The Spicy shrimp pasta was divine, the sauce spicy and so flavorful the perfect mix of goodness! The big shrimp mixed in as well was very good and all tied in with angel hair pasta. Soooo good and my boyfriend loved it as well because we shared both of our dishes.We even saved $12 bucks off of our meal with an Entertainment book buy one dinner entree get one free. That is insane considering what the portion of the pasta dinners are!The service is always Stellar!!!See posted pics! Enjoy!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,2/11/2013,880,837,10,19,13>If you want the Las Vegas vibe without having to go to the strip come here. Upscale, elegant and convenient to the Summerlin burbs, this is where the locals go.We stop by a few times a month either to see a movie, go bowling, eat or gamble.  We love bringing our out of town guests because it's not so overwhelming and it's easy to park and get around.  Unlike the other old station casinos, Red Rock is hip and modern.  It's really beautiful with massive chandeliers, cherry colored long drapes and and a cool little bar in the center of the casino where I've enjoyed a nice Cosmopolitan Martini.Food court features a Starbucks, Rubios, Panda Express, Fatburger, Villa Pizza, Ben & Jerry, Tropical Smoothie and Capriotti's sandwiches.  This makes it convenient to grab a quick cheap bite to eat and see a movie since the theatre is adjacent to the food court.  The Feast Buffet here is really good too if you are in the mood for a buffet.  The Yard House is another place I've been to as well as the Cabo bar  and the Grand Cafe for breakfast doesn't disappoint. There are a few upscale restaurants featuring Japanese, Steak and Italian eats. You can also find several upscale bars with live entertainment and great happy hour specials.  We love coming to see Daniel Park at the Onyx lounge-great free entertainment and wonderful drinks.The hubby and I use to come here to play slots at least once a week.  We would win a quick $50 and that would pay for either breakfast, lunch or an afternoon snack with money left over. I haven't stayed the night here but I would like to. They advertise a lot of great artists-and I'm sorry to say I missed the Gypsy Kings when they were here last summer but next time I will have to get a room and enjoy a great concert in the outdoor amphitheater. Fourth of July offers a great fireworks show too.  This resort is conveniently located off the 215 freeway and Charleston Blvd. across from a shopping center and restaurants.  Don't miss it!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,2/10/2013,181,172,,13,6>I have been waiting for this restaurant to open for a while. I work downtown and I am a big supporter of the downtown revival and locally-owned shops and restaurants. We need more restaurants downtown though.Thus, I decided to stop in and try their breakfast today. They just opened yesterday and I was surprised to see that it was packed! Since I was by myself, they sat me at the bar where I had a perfect view of the kitchen, and the hustle and bustle going on. I had the eggs with sausage and potatoes and they were delish! I am so happy that there is another option for food in the downtown area.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/9/2013,376,187,7,18,13>Good consistent casual Chinese food at a great value. Located close to home, China Tango is on the corner of N Green Valley Pkwy & Pebble Rd. I've been meaning to write them a review for some time, so here it is. Whether I've dined in, gotten delivery or carry-out (I've done all three numerous times!) I haven't been disappointed with their food, service, and overall experience. It's been my go-to spot for fast, affordable Chinese food.What I love:- No MSG. Enough said.- They offer brown rice. Healthy!- Generous portions. Cause we're hungry people! Or we just love leftovers.- Lunch specials are till 4pm. Who can always fit lunch before 2pm?- Lots of vegetables. Crispy veggies too, not the gross wilted ones you get at other places.They have all the traditional orders, from chow mein, sweet & sour pork, orange chicken, honey walnut shrimp, fried rice, hot & sour soup, it goes on and on. Prices range from $7.25-$9.95. Lunch is from $5.95-$6.50, which includes fried or steamed rice & chow mein & egg drop soup (dine-in only). Complete family dinners start from $24.95 & they serve Thai tea or fruit smoothies with boba.Most importantly, they've always been timely. Food is served fast, carry-out is ready, and delivery is always punctual. Tasty, affordable, reliable. It's not gourmet, but it's fresh, clean Chinese for a great price! I'll be back soon :)
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,2/8/2013,342,580,8,13,13>Since I last reviewed Nora's two months ago, I have been here twice more, and each time it just gets better and better.  Wonderful food smells of pizza and other Italian delicacies strike one's nostrils as soon as the front door is opened; the friendly service has remained generally excellent regardless who I was served by; and the food has continued to be piping hot and always delicious.  I now realize that the Veal Parmigiana is as good and tender as the Veal Marsala; the Garlic Bread is consistently delectable (my group of 4 polished off 2 baskets); and the Chicken Soup is on the same high plane as the homemade Pasta Fagioli.On my latest foray I enjoyed Antipasto Salad, and could barely finish half of it.  I look forward to eating the remainder later at lunch today.  Topped by chunks of fresh Mozzarella Cheese, folded over curls of tasty ham mixed with leafy greens, ripe wedges of red tomato, black olives, pepperoncini, and more, all coated with a dripping light Italian Dressing, beckon.The Chicken Soup, which I was smart enough to order as a bowl rather than a cup, contained thin lengths of chicken just as I preferred, mixed with cooked celery and pieces of tomato, swimming in a hot, very tasty chicken broth.  It took many tablespoonfuls for me to finish it all, and almost ruined my appetite.  But not quite!With considerable effort I also finished off a large cheesy and tomato sauce-covered medallion of Veal Parmigiana accompanied by smoking Spaghetti Bolognese with mushrooms added, as I had decreed.  Diane got a requested bowl of extra Alfredo Sauce to ladle over her Veal and Penne Alfredo at no extra charge.  Here one can have whatever the tummy desires!For good reason, Nora's will remain one of my several fine, go-to Italian restaurants in Vegas!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,2/7/2013,199,72,7,15,15>I'm usually never on this side of town so thanks to my fellow Yelpers for convincing me to try this place out. There were many other great choices I had near the area but so glad I chose this one.Small, cozy little restaurant with a pretty big menu and really great prices. I had the hardest time deciding but I went with the panang chicken and some fried flat noodles.The noodles came out first and I had planned to eat only half of it while the panang was coming out. Well, I've never been good on that portion control thingy and I ended up scarfing the whole plate of noodles down. It came with Thai sweet chili sauce and I added sriracha on top of all that. Very delicious, better than my usual pad see ew. The panang was simple, not filled with bamboo shoots and other veggies. Just a nice thick curry sauce and some red pepper flakes and of course the chicken. Although I don't mind bamboo and veggies I prefer my panang simply made like this. It was a little bit salty which may be bad for most but I loved it cuz I am a sodium freak.I would love to come back and try all the other dishes. The Thai beef noodle soup and grilled meat dishes looked really good. The service was very friendly and attentive.The great thing is that this isn't their only location. Phewww, cuz out of all 3 this was the furthest from my house. But if  this were the only location, I would definetly come back here. Next time, I'll be going to either the Chinatown location or the one in Summerlin.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,2/6/2013,85,90,13,17,12>Sweet Addiction has done something amazing here -- they managed to scoop up the nostalgia of Thrifty ice cream, smother it between some freshly-baked cookies, and smack me in the face with deliciousness.The folks here weren't kidding around with their store name. There has to be something around here to satisfy even the sweetest of tooths. They have a variety of items here, including something more unique: frozen hot chocolate. However, for my initial visit, I had to try their signature cookie ice cream sandwich.I went with strawberry cheesecake ice cream with some oatmeal raisin cookies. The cookies literally just came out of the oven. They were warm, soft, and wrapped around the ice cream nicely. The ice cream slowly fused with the cookie as it slowly began to melt. Combining these two powers seemed unreal. I was expecting Captain Planet to come around at any second.I took a bite and was floored by shock. This was delicious.It's not often that I'm excited about a new place, but an amazing staff, coupled along with an extremely reasonably priced (and delicious) menu is enough to keep me coming back for more.Pro-tip: Check to see if any cookies just came out of the oven. Those go so well with the ice cream.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,2/5/2013,133,54,10,19,18>After reading the reviews and looking at the pictures of the island, local grinds served, I convinced my work to order lunch for pickup, boss to pay for it and so glad I did.I ordered a katsu chicken loco moco which was infused with great island flavors, which consist of plenty steam rice, katsu chicken seasoned well with a nice breaded crunch, topped with  2 over medium eggs and indulged with rich, carmel gravy along with tasty mac salad on the side. Like Whoa! Did I enjoy every bite, food coma if eaten at one seating but worth it, OH YEAH! Don't know what eveyone else ordered because I was focused on my food but I know everything was a hit since everyone ate what they had ordered, leaving no leftovers for me to pick on the next following work day.Dont know about the in-dining experience yet but the ordering was easy, pickup was fast and the food was a hit. Can't wait for another Island flavor food experience.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,2/4/2013,264,264,8,10,8>The newest show by Cirque (taking over for the underwhelming Viva Elvis show at Aria) does not disappoint! It's very classic CdS in many ways, but incorporates a lot of new digital video styling very seamlessly into the set design... which, WOW.  The set design and lighting really stole the show.  I was just completely amazed by it.  Really creative and beautiful.  Great music too.  The only meh/boo was the featured performer (acrobat) costumes, which were just kind of bland and didn't seem to mesh with the scenery or the act.  The clown/singer/background performer costumes were fabulous though.  I thought that the interlude performers were used pretty well throughout and were actually pretty funny, but some of the transitions were a bit long.  Which you will understand when you see all of the intricate sets.I saw it on the final dress rehearsal, so I can only assume it will be even better! (Not that there were any real problems or anything... it went pretty much perfectly).  Anyway, for those who like a storyline, this has the classic CdS pseudostory that you wouldn't know unless someone told you, but once you know, you can TOTALLY SEE IT.  Because you know how to use the internet, I'm not going to go into detail because there's another site called Wikipedia where you can learn all about it; but basically, it's about a magician who lost his love and magic and is trying to get it back in this world of crazy creatures.Did I mention how cool the set(s) are for this show? Most of the acts are things I've seen in other Cirque shows (trapeze, acrobats, hoops), but they intro'd a couple new things that just blew my mind.  Two words: Sand Art.  I don't want to ruin the surprise, but you'll know when you see it, and you will FREAK OUT.  A really great show, definitely a go see, and the tickets are reasonably priced as well.  We had seats on the front row of the second section back, and had a great view of everything going on, so I'm going to say there are probably no "bad" seats in the house.  Opens tonight! Go see it!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,2/3/2013,464,819,1,16,10>This place is redefining fast food. With good ingredients and short cooking times comes delicious pizza. It may be a notch below places like Due Forni or Dom DeMarco's, but for what it is, it's amazing. It's inexpensive (only one size of pizza for $8.95), quality food... think of it as Due Forni (or Dom's) Light.For the price you can get as many toppings as you want. I took it easy and just got the pesto sauce with chicken, mushrooms, and caramelized onions. After only waiting a few minutes it was brought out to our table. The crust had a decent char around the top and outside edges and the bottom was even crispier, making it easy to pick up a slice without it going limp and having the toppings slide off.Other reviews have said they cut the pies into four slices, but they cut ours into eight. It's nice to see new business listen to feedback and make tweaks for the better.Custom Built Pizza is also great for kid's since they can choose their own toppings and see it being assembled. Plus, it's affordable.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,2/2/2013,62,360,13,18,16>Wow!Best buffet I have ever had the "button popping" pleasure of experiencing! Living in Vegas, land of the buffet, I have certainly seen my share of buffets. My biggest regret here is that I ran out of stomach for all the tasty items that were available! They have over 500 options for you at any given point in time! I tried to keep the portions small, so I could taste as many different things as possible, but after 3 plates,an awesome dish of Rigatoni, and some deserts, I had to throw in the towel.Everybody seemed to be mobbing the Seafood and Meat stations, so I started out with some Asian and Italian. The peppered beef was so tender and juicy and the orange chicken so full of flavor! Chicken skewers were second only to a friends Mom who makes  it homemade. That being said, they were great! The Peking Duck was pretty tasty as well! They had these sliders there that were rdeiculously good, and much meatier than I first thought! I wanted more of those, but had to try as many different things as I could. A must for my next trip here(which will happen soon!) You could tell presentation is a high priority  for the buffet as well, making it feel more like an experience and not just like "just another buffet".During one of my trips to stock up on more food, I was at the Italian "station" and commented to my friend that the little deep dish rigatonis looked good, but it appeared as though it may have been there for a few minutes. Just as quickly as the last word slipped out of my mouth I see a hand pull that dish back and a second later a fresh staeming one slid right back in its place! lol Oh hell yea! Now THAT is service aimed at guest satisfaction!The deserts were incredible as well! I hate to sound redundant, but this place is truly impressive. They had a selection of unique and exotic ice cream flavors, including Strawberry cheesecake. I enjoyed Watermelon Mint, and it was mighty tasty! Table service was great as well, Whenever I got up and left the table for another trip to the buffet, I always returned to a clean table with dirty plates gone and drinks refilled! There was a little issue where my drink was ordered twice and forgotten, but considering everything else, and how packed the place was, I can certainly be understanding.All in all, a great experience and when I have friends and family in town(which is quite frequently) I will use that as an excuse to come back here and try all those things I didn't have room for on this occasion.5 stars and a double rainbow all the way!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,2/1/2013,2581,216,12,35,33>Seriously feel like I'm in Hawaii every time I come here. This has been one of my favorite bars in Vegas for years and I don't think that will ever change! With island inspired drinks filled with various rums and juices... bring your sweet tooth! They even sell collection glassware for $20 and it comes with one of their signature drinks. Ive bought all of them haha. Vegas's best Mai Tai by far and amazing decor what more could you ask for! Oh yea and on Fridays from 4-8 if your wearing a Hawaiian shirt your drinks are half priced! The only bad thing about Frankies is there aren't more locations in town.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/31/2013,2673,175,48,52,46>It is ALL about the Aromatherapy Scrub & Massage at Imperial Health Spa. But brace yourself, bitches. There's no gentle, relaxing touch involved so if that's your thing, don't even bother reading any more of my review. The hearts and rainbows and jumping unicorns and rose petals are just not the type of things that transpire over at the Korean Spa. So if you're a bad ass like me and you're from the school that whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger, do feel free to read on... They will scrub you within an inch of your life and elbow the shit out of knots in your back but it's sooo worth it! No pain no gain baby! Brunhilda from Ryan and Sean's Not So Excellent Adventure has nothing on the chicks that work here! If you don't get that reference, don't feel bad. It's just some obscure, cheesy movie that I happen to have acted in so I wouldn't expect you to have any idea what I'm talking about. And if you do get it... I'm impressed! Extra cool points in my book for you!Come earlier than your appointment time. Like half an hour early minimum. They want you to be human soup with the rest of the nudists that enjoy the facilities here pre-scrub/massage. Oh and jump into that steam room for a few too if you can handle it. I can't take it too long though. I get wayyy too hot! *insert cute boys sending me compliments like "Yeah, that's right, you ARE way too hot!" here*My suggestion is to come here before an airbrush tanning session. Get all that dead skin off your body and then head over to see Terry over at Bronzed. But actually the ideal thing is to do this the day or two before because they put a bunch of hardcore moisturizer/oil on you which is not good to have on your skin before an airbrush tanning session because it will make it so the tanner doesn't stick and defeat the whole purpose of your doing the scrub in the first place.They do just about everything that can be done to pamper you here during this treatment. And there are two different options. One's $125 and the other is $150. Only difference between the two is that one is longer than the other. The Aromatherapy Scrub and Massage appointment goes as follows:Your scrubber/massage lady comes and finds you in the steam room or jacuzzi. You go back with her and get completely nude. She scrubs the hell out of you as you contemplate your escape route and/or start thinking of a way you can start climbing the ceiling. She shows you all the nasty skin she has taken off of you and you're like, "Wow! I guess I definitely needed this! I swear I don't live in a cardboard box under a freeway overpass!" Then she washes you with this pineapple smelling soap and one of those poof things. This is one of my favorite parts of the treatment because the scent is very intense and smells amazing! After that they wash your hair for you and condition it while giving you a bit of a head massage. Then they seat you up and give you some soap for your face and have you go get in the shower while they clean up all your dead skin off the table so everything is nice and clean for the massage portion that is coming up next. After your shower, they hand you a towel and have you lay down on the table face down. Then they dry you off some more and begin the massage. After that they flip you over and massage a little more, then put a mask on your face. While the mask is drying, they massage your neck and shoulders. Then they peel the mask off and that's the end of your aromatherapy scrub and massage treatment. All in all it is a great experience that I recommend and partake in often. So if you see me running around naked 'round these parts, don't be surprised. And sorry dudes... it's not co-ed in the naked area although the men do have their own birthday suit section at this spa. No clue what goes on back there so you're on your own there, buddy. To all the ladies out there... Maybe say hi or something if you see me... Or not. Cuz that like might be awkward since we're like naked and stuff. I dunno... I'm pretty easygoing so if you don't mind, I won't. Your call either way, fellow yelpers. All I know is this... You will leave here glowing and looking fantastic, feeling like a new woman! This place is the bomb diggity and the sheer number of checkins I have listed above should speak volumes about how much I love this place!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,1/30/2013,903,497,16,24,18>WING LOVERS, YOUR SEARCH FOR DELICIOUS WINGS ARE OVER!Just like you I was reading the reviews, (mainly Tawni and Tien's), I was compelled to check this place out.So as I park and get out of my car, I see a big sign that says this place is an internet cafe. Huh? Am I at the wrong place? Then I remembered from the reviews that the whole place is a food court. I walk up to the Wing King counter and Brian, the owner, was still getting ready. He sees me and politely asks if he can help me. I said excitedly "WINGS, IM HERE FOR THE WINGS!" So he takes my order and I sit down with my mouth watering to wait for my first bite. So while im waiting, I tell Brian Yelp is what brought me here. Never mind the fact that I dont mind going to new places to try out wings, if it wasnt for Yelp, you would not be reading this review.Ok so for the wings. There are 40 flavors. Yes. 40. I had garlic parmesan and garlic hot. Ok, so I love garlic. Dont judge me! Especially if you are a vampire! The wings were a little bit bigger than your average size. Brian asked if I liked it extra crispy. Hell yes I do! So after I devoured my wings, things like hole in the wall and a 5 star review was already embedded in my head. From my last conversation with Brian, he is already coming up with even more sauces like mango slam and honey mustard slam. This guy works his butt off to keep you coming back and I for one am one of them!I also ordered garlic parmesan fries and fried pickles. YES, I SAID FRIED PICKLES! Both were off the hook and Brian also let me sample some sweet chili glazed fries. OMG it was some of the best fries I have had in a long time. Please refer to the amazing pics on here and your mouth will be watering. I guarantee it!As I was finishing up, Brian just happen to serve me a peach cobbler fresh out of the oven as a token of appreciation. DAMN! If I knew he was gonna do that, I wouldnt of ate so many wings! I could only finish half of it. Speaking of the peach cobbler, man this guy has some great desserts as well. I have tried the red velvet cake and the cookies. A special mention goes out to his rum cake as well. This is not a usual and its not on the menu but he made it for a customer one time so he decided to make two. One for the customer and one for whoever was lucky enough that day to be there when he put it out. Yes, I was there and boy oh boy it was awesome! If I ate any more I would need a cab to get home! Im sure he can specially make it for you if you let him know ahead of time so he can do his magic. That is the advantage of baking your own desserts! You can taste the freshness for sure! Oh, before I forget, Brian tells me he is in the process of bringing in Bluebelle Ice Cream. For those that dont know, that's only something that you only see on the east coast. So that alone should warrant a trip here.If you are wondering, yes there is a really, really spicy hot wing challenge. The flavor is called Hell. No explanation necessary here. All I know is that I need to bring my friends that think they can pass this challenge here soon. Im also hoping we can make a Yelp event out of this. (Hi Misti! LOL)So now after reading this you should be compelled to check this place out just like me. For complete info on their 40 flavors and other items, go to their website: wingkinglv.com
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,1/29/2013,135,78,4,13,9>I was glad to see something delicious with speedy service at The Plaza and even more impressed with the Vegan Pizza.  I loved the vegetables which seemed fresh along with tangy sauce, the cheese was cheesy despite not being dairy.  What I really enjoyed was having a couple of great tasting slices that wasn't super heavy given the thin yet delicious crust.  If you're in the area and looking for a quick bite that gets you a fast yet delicious lunch then you owe it to yourself to stop.  I'm looking forward to trying more slices.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,1/28/2013,893,876,6,7,8>The cleanest and biggest AYCE KBBQ in town.  Grab plates of raw rib eye, brisket, kalbi, bulgogi, squid or chicken - but get only what you can finish so you don't have to pay extra.  While you wait for your food to cook, you can grab some shrimp/vegetable tempura, noodles and sushi.  I skip that part since I don't want to waste stomach space.Grab a small saucer of salt with sesame oil to dip meat in and chopsticks.  My favorites are rib eye, pork belly and brisket.  You'll probably want to go here towards the end of the day/ when you have no plans to go somewhere afterwards because you'll end up smelling like smoke/ BBQ.Sometimes you'll get a friendly server, other times you'll get the grumpy/impatient one who'll grab the tongs/ scissors from you and make you feel like you don't know what the heck you're doing.  Nevertheless, I do like this spot.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,1/27/2013,821,451,6,21,17>Kaze Sushi, took over the sushi reign from Lucky Fish. And I am glad Bobby gave me a call to let me know about their soft opening, before I finished preparing dinner and eat at home.The last minute decision to eat out was well worth it. Even if it meant that I have to eat "leftovers" tomorrow.  But fresh sushi prepared expertly and with care by a chef that is really knowledgable about his ingredients is always a treat.Price is reasonable, especially with their promotion of 50% off on their entire Classic Sushi and Classic Rolls menu, when ordering at least 3 items. I think that requirement is easily accomplished for most people that go out for sushi.Seared Scallops Sushi was my favorite, as searing it helps bring out its mild sweetness and flavor.The salmon and Yellowtail Hamachi were very fresh.  The shrimp tempura in the Tiger Roll was fried to order, so it is still warm and tasty while surrounded by chilled fish and sushi rice.This is definitely the place to go for a sushi snack, especially when you just want to have good sushi without the guilt of not stuffing your self silly to make that AYCE admission fee worthwhile.  Also note this restaurant has just opened for 2 days of soft opening service, so the staff are still getting accustomed to working in the restaurant.  So be kind and patient if service is not yet up to par compared to an established restaurant.Price/Value:  4.5/5  Definitely worth it with the half off selected portion of the sushi and rolls menu.  The rest is still competitively priced.Taste: 4.5/5  Everything we ordered was fresh. But since it is only the 2nd day of soft opening service, the ingredients are also likely to be just 2 days old. Flavor:  4.5/5  Sushi and rolls are not over-sauced, so you can definitely taste the seafood.  That is a plus in my book.Parking:  3/5  Clearly I don't hang out with the cool crowd. As I don't know where everyone is going to in the evening here, but the parking lot is always at 80%+ capacity.  During the day time, it is more like 15% capacity.  Location:  West end of "Chinatown".  On Jones, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn Rd. It is in the same plaza as China Mama, HK Star, and across the street from 168 Market.  Rounding up for 5 stars.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,1/26/2013,83,599,5,12,11>Pretty good!  This is one of those neighborhood restaurants where the servers know practically every customer.  So it did feel like we were crashing a party.  Still, the baked clams (oreganate, whatever that means) and eggplant parmigiana were both amazing and the service was good.  And they serve red wine at the correct temperature (slightly chilled).  Amazing!Interesting dessert options that I did not get to try.  Roasted banana gelato, for example, sounded yummy but we were just too full from the fried food.Full liquor license but I didn't see an actual bar.  There is a bar that overlooks the kitchen but I couldn't figure out where the alcohol was coming from.The hostess looked like she wanted to kill me in my sleep, though.  That was a little awkward.  Still, a good neighborhood joint.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,1/25/2013,742,648,5,8,8>Okay so 11pm on a Friday night and this place was pretty much empty. In fact when we were checking in we told them we had a reservation and they laughed at us. True it was comical, here you have this massive graffitied out cave of a space with old school metal (Ozzy, etc) blaring over the loudspeakers and we're kind of the only table in there. Since being only open for a few weeks maybe word has gotten out that they're open. Though for Vegas it seems kind of weird. Service was friendly though really green (didn't know her beers very well and for a place thats a lot about beer thats no good) but again they are new. But the burgers, let me tell you what, those were fucking awesome! Seriously! I had the old school with LTO extra patty and american cheese slathered in thousand island dressing.. its like In N Out on steroids! The fries were pretty average which was lame cause a great burger deserves great fries. If you get a chance order the pork donut appetizer, do it! Sweet, porky, fabulously greasy fried awesomeness! Also in case you were wondering the servers and bartenders here are sexy as hell!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,1/24/2013,337,189,12,17,16>I would like to thank all my Yelpmates for their wonderful reviews. If it wasn't for them I would have  no clue about this place. You know who you guys are your all on my Yelp friends list who have reviewed KoMex. You guys ROCK!So I woke up today around 4:00pm, still a bit jet lagged from my Asia trip, and i was craving Asian food, but something different than my usual eats.So I decided to finally check out KoMex. I was a bit reluctant to go because it is so freaking far from where I live. I checked out google maps and it told me it was going to take me 30 minutes to get there.I decided to go anyways and give it a whirl. I texted my roommates and they too wanted to go with me.About 25 minutes later we finally reached KoMex located on Decatur in small plaza. ( I must say DAMN! they need to open one in Henderson)The location is a bit far but i must say i do not regret going. The HYPE about this place is true! This place is awesome!I ordered the Bulgogi Taco and the Pork Taco which were cheap only $1.29 each.  Both tacos were to die for! They were a perfect size too!We also decided to try the Bulgogi Nachos for $7.99. This nachos is not your typical nachos. The chips itself even taste way better than your average mexican restaurant chips and their salsa and cheese are way awesome too. The nachos was so good i highly recommend this dish while over there.So since this place was far i decided to order more food. I figured hey might as well, I don't finish it at least I have leftovers for a midnight snack or breakfast tomorrow. So i deicded to order the Kimchi fried rice with beef. I must say it was orgasmic! I'm normally not a fan of Kimchi, because it's too spicy for me. But who cares after eating KoMex's  nachos.Overall i give this place a  5 star. Good food! Very cheap! and friendly staff. I am looking forward to try the Bulgogi Fries on my next visit. Try now! Komex will give you the ultimate FUSION experience between Korean and Mexican!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,1/23/2013,72,117,2,12,4>**Summary**       - Authenticity - I've tried about 4 other Cuban places around the valley and I like this one the best. The food has a home cooked feel.       - Quality - Of the couple things I've tried, I couldn't say a bad thing about any of them. The meat was cooked perfectly and seasoned to perfection.       - Area - The area is not the greatest. It's in a shadier part of town, but the food is well worth the risk.       - Buttered Toasted Bread - They bring you this bread before your meal. It's crazy good and definitely terrible for you (yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyv).**Ordered**       - $11.95 Lechon Asado - Leg of pork. It comes with moros (rice/black beans) and their salad. This is my favorite dish (yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyv).       - $13.95 Ropa Vieja - Shredded marinated beef. It also comes with moros and their salad. Personally, I find the marinate to be too strong, but I prefer a bit more bland than others.       - $14.95 Tasting Plate - Comes with Ropa Vieja, Lechon Asado, and Pollo Tequila with moros, salad, and plantains. If you're unsure what to order, this would be the thing to get. It has their most popular choices all in one plate (yelp.com/biz_photos/jmyv).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a delicious Cuban restaurant. Flavorful and makes you feel like you're in Cuba eating it.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/22/2013,1041,258,11,20,15>I love this place for breakfast! They have a huge selection of extremely delicious (and fattening) breakfast pastries. However, they also have options for those more health conscious. Their veggie sandwich was amazing... goat cheese, asparagus, tomato, onion...YUM. It was warm and crispy and just perfect. The wait can get a little long especially on the weekends, but the staff is always accommodating and efficient. The people next to our table were waiting for their order for quite some time and one of the staff came out and brought three complementary pastries for them because of the wait. Their food arrived shortly after and they shared their pastries with us! How nice...on all accounts! Overall i am excited to sample more of their menu..the smoked salmon sandwich looked pretty enticing.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,1/19/2013,372,247,7,20,15>They are big, moist, and melt in your mouth good! (That's what she said!)Easily the best donuts in Las Vegas. Ronald's has never disappointed me in the last 4 years that I have been eating donuts from there. I have never had the experience of buying a stale or day old donut. I read in the another review that someone said they easily compare to DD. But IMO, you can't even put these two donut chains in the same league because Ronald's easily will blow Dunkin Donuts out of the water. I challenge you to blind tasting any day.These donuts are always soft and moist, flavorful, and downright some of the best delectable you will ever put in your mouth. I love Ronald's because the glazes are never too sweet, the cake donuts never to dry, the cinnamon rolls are big enough to feed a small family, the yeast donuts are just on point.Ronald's does not disappoint. Just don't go here expecting to use your debit or credit card. This joint is CASH ONLY!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,1/18/2013,410,224,14,33,23>Honey Salt is the newest restaurant to open in Summerlin, tucked away in the corner suite that was once occupied by Nora's Wine Bar at the NW corner of Rampart and Charleston.  Offering a menu inspired by comfort food with farm to table ingredients, as well as a seasonal cocktail menu, I can easily see this restaurant becoming a locals favorite.There are three menus that are available depending on the time of day you dine in.  Lunch is served from 11:30am - 3:00pm (honeysalt.com/menus/lunc), dinner is served from 5:00pm till closing (honeysalt.com/menus/dinn), and there is an "in-between" menu served between lunch and dinner that seems to be a scaled back offering of the lunch options.  I stopped in during lunch and dined at the bar, where I started with a Midnight Rambler: a specialty cocktail made with bourbon, bitters, honey and orange peel.  The honey added just the right amount of sweetness to balance out the drink without overpowering the bourbon; my kind of drink!For lunch I had their Biloxi Buttermilk Fried Chicken Sandwich: creamy slaw, durkees dressing, brioche roll, served with a chopped salad (Photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/hone).  This is a very, very good chicken sandwich.  There are two pieces of chicken that are lightly breaded and very juicy, which gets complimented by pickled and mustard flavors from the other ingredients.  It's one of those dishes that is so good that I'll have to convince myself to order something else the next time I visit...A big surprise was the salad that is served with this sandwich.  Don't let the "chopped salad" description fool you, it's a salad served with cubed cheddar, edamame, carrots, radishes, avocado and I think kale.  Very good salad that came together well texturally; I would order this on its own if I wanted a lighter meal.Overall Honey Salt screams quality.  I'm pretty darn sure this review will get bumped to 5-stars after I try some more things on the menu.  Will they be successful?  Time will tell.  Or you could listen to me and eat there now, before word spreads and you're no longer able to walk in without having to wait for a table.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,1/16/2013,4974,721,16,18,18>This ended up being Plan B after the debacle that was "Bastille Day" at a restaurant that rhymes with "Barche Macchus" when they offered to seat us in a storage room.  I've had this place bookmarked for 3 years and it was finally time, baby!Bob Taylor's Ranch House is a throwback in so many ways from the cowboy decor, to the music and even menu.  Just the entrance itself is photoworthy!  I felt like I was at some roadside restaurant in the middle of nowhere Texas.  Seeing the chef turning all those steaks as the hostess walked us to our table had me salivating big time!We got the cajun shrimp appetizer which was just ok.  While the flavor was nice, the shrimp was a little on the small side.  We still ended up soaking up all the sauce with the complimentary "garlic cheese toast".  The wife got the filet (rare) and I got the bone-in ribeye (medium rare) after much encouragement from our friendly waitress.  The ribeye was a massive 24 oz's of which I was only able to finish half of.  I usually prefer rare steaks but when it comes to the ribeye cut, I prefer it a little more cooked so I can appreciate all the parts of it from the outside char to the tender center and everything in between.  $42.99 for a ribeye seems cheap these days haha.  The filet mignon was very tender with great flavor. All entrees come with your choice of soup (it was a not bad lobster bisque) or salad (avoided based on Jade's review of it being IHop-esque) and a side. I got the twice baked potato only because I wanted the cook to work a little instead of paying for a baked potato which requires really no work at all.  My wife got the ranch house potatoes which could only be described as crazy hash browns.  No $12 a la carte sides items like 16 miles away from here!Somehow got coerced into getting dessert and was brought the biggest slice of chocolate cake I'd ever seen.  I enjoyed all 3 bites I had before shoving that into the third takeout box of the evening.Considering how ticked off my wife and I were for things not going as planned that evening, this was a very welcome surprise.  I am a big fan!  Not sure I would go out of my way to make it back here but this would certainly be on the top of my list when I am back around these parts.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,1/15/2013,443,380,6,17,11>Its the end of the year, the time of the year when money is tight for us the most. Why? Because thanksgiving is this month, and december is christmas, AND my daughters 2nd birthday. Eek! Where the hell did 2012 go?!Anyway.. so we got a nail in our tire and tried to get it repaired at walmart. They wouldnt fix it cause the nail was in the side of the tire and not in the tread. They mentioned something about it being a liability. Okay, yeah whatever. Thanks for trying.We have a 2010 mustang and the tires arent exactly cheap. 150 each, and thats the cheapest. No bueno. After many of our friends mentioned Llantera in the past and then my brother in law mentioned it yesterday we decided to go talk to them and have a look.Walking in they were quite busy, but still spoke to us and said it would be a couple minutes. (5 mins later) They asked what car, make and model we had and instantly went to find a tire. (10 mins later) He came back with a nice looking firestone tire that looked brand new. I expected it to be 60 the cheapest, but they only charged me 45 bucks. The gentlemen Jorge was polite, quick and thorough. He checked tire multiple times, checked the pressure, rotated it, and changed i... All within 10 mins. Impressive. For there being 4 people ahead of me I thought we'd be there for hours.. NOPE! In and out in less than 30 mins. Excellent. Will come back again.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,1/14/2013,441,148,11,15,12>This place rocks! Downtown is gettin' all sexi n' stuff!!First thing you notice, the bouncer. He looked really scurry, but I instantly liked him because he was heavily tattooed. I had to appreciate. Although for some reason, he looked overly serious, so I was not sure what to expect when walking into this place. I was very pleasantly surprised!So you step inside, and you feel like you have been transported to a more classy and dangerous dimension, where everyone is smoking hot and cool as hell. Just coming from work, I was not really dressed the part. Feeling really inadequate, I nonetheless grabbed an empty table at the long booth against the far wall. I thought that was a great idea. Have some regular hi-top tables and chairs, and have a long booth seat along the wall with low tables. Gives you options.They also had two other separate and more intimate seating areas on either side of the door, but they were filled with groups of people already.The decor is really interesting, a mix of the snazzy (chandeliers, wrought-iron details, loft style high ceilings) and the eclectic (crazy bar tap handles, mismatched furniture, funky wallpaper art with crazy pictures). Since I also consider myself a mix of snazzy and eclectic, this place was super appealing to me right off the bat. Totally my kind of joint. Really liked the vibe.As my friend and I sat at our table, we didn't have to wait more than five minutes or so before a waitress had stopped by. She dropped off a drink menu, and let me tell you, these were some intriguing drinks they had listed. The martinis were fairly unusual, with names like "Blood and Sand." We put in our order, and despite it being on the busy side, our drinks arrived quite promptly. Impressive! And they were tasty to boot.Same as most places like this, all the waitstaff is "attractive" in the typical sense of the word. Regardless, our waitress was very sweet and attentive.After the drinks, my guy friend wanted to check out the patio before we left. I have to emphasize: GO SEE THE PATIO! It's such a breath of fresh air (literally and figuratively). The view is great, the patio furniture is nice, and they have outdoor area heaters!! You can also order hot drinks up there to help keep you warm. What a great idea!One more awesomely cool thing about this place..........................*whispers* The have a secret back room! Shhhhh!!!On the way to the bathroom, I notice this wallpapered-over door with a light above it. I waited for a few seconds, and this couple walked up to the door. Some dude opened it up and let them in, then quickly closed this camouflaged door behind them. What the heck??.....Weird. My curiosity was piqued, for sure. I want to know what is going on behind this door!!! All and all, a really nice place and a good experience. One thing did put me off a little bit. Some of the bar patrons seemed extremely cliquey, like they were too cool for school or something. Pretty annoying, but I tend to ignore people like that.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,1/13/2013,224,209,6,10,7>When I first tasted this place it was pretty awful; however, after coming back again this place has gotten better! The variety of choice that they have is great and the size of the food is worth the price. I usually order the spaghetti & meatballs.  Thought its not something out of a five-star italian restaurant it is certainly better than the one a any Olive Garden restaurant. Past orders (out of 5 stars) Casear Salad: 3.8Fish & Chips: 4.2Patty Melt: 4.0Fries: 4.5Cheese Steak:3.8 (I think I prefer Capriottis Cheese steak over Vig deli)Tuna Sandwich: 3.0Chicago Hot Dog: 3.0Service:  The cashier I usually encounter are always very pleasant and they usually have a great attitude.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,1/12/2013,620,206,6,15,10>After a long Labor Day weekend of Tropicbeauty bikini modeling all I wanted was some really yummy pizza. Due Forni came up on my Yelp with good reviews, so we decided to give it a try.We arrived late, around 9:40pm (they close at 10pm) but the host and sole waiter were as sweet as ever. I did not feel rushed in the slightest, but did try to be conscientious because I can only imagine how annoying it is to wait around on people when all you want to do is go home after a long day.Our order:-Beet salad-Buffala mozzerella with roasted tomatoes-Due Forni Neopolitan crust pizza-Speck Roman crust pizzaYum! Everything was very tasty. My favorite was the buffala mozz with roasted tomatoes. The mozz was creamy and beautiful, so good.The beet salad and pizzas were all very good, but my only complaint was that the speck pizza was a bit soggy in the center. Perhaps it wasn't cooked all the way through? When I picked up a slice from the pizza plate to move it to my single serving plate the crust didn't hold up, it started to slip downward and the toppings began their slow slide down until I rushed the slice over to my plate. However, the taste was fresh and I really did enjoy the meal.Service was excellent, especially considering we were there after closing and there was only one other pair of people in the restaurant (they seemed to be regulars/friends of the waiter). Their wine selection look varied, I would love to come back and try some wines next time.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,1/11/2013,580,394,6,12,9>The boyfriend wanted to surprise me with my favorite foods (snacks, for some) at a new spot.When I asked where it was, I was suprised that he said: Tivoli Village. Lets be honest; that ishh is far. I barely even go to Red Rock! So, of course, he drove.Got there and had no clue where we should even park because the parking wasn't so obvious.After walking up to street level, we walked (semi)aimlessly to look for The Market. When we got into The Market, we realize that it's basically a warehouse with random rooms/kiosks with various shops. Pretty cool concept.The View Wine Bar was the main eatery upstairs.We had the happy hour red wine, cheese board, charchuterie (meat) board, clams, flatbread, and potpie chicken nuggets.The only disappointment to the meal was the potpie chicken nuggets. All the workers were raving about it but, it was aight. It was good but, mostly breading....of course, fried breading is good.Other than the obvious cheese board favorite, I really liked the marketfresh veggie flatbread with kale. It was such a strong flavor with the cheese and balsamic. I loved it.We were seated right next to the piano and singer/entertainment of the night. Which was a 16 y/o John Mayer-like singer. Definately added to the winebar mood.I was surprised to see that the service seemed to be lackluster in previous Yelp reviews bcuz all the workers/waitresses were nothing but, fast and courteous and knowledgeable.pps. There's a 15% discount when checking into Yelp! The manager was happy that someone was there to redeem it =)
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,1/10/2013,144,333,3,12,9>We're in the desert people.  This ain't Seattle.  And with the lack of cold and wet comes a lack of inviting public (indoor) spaces to sit and talk, sit and read, or sit and work--otherwise known as the local coffee shop.  Which is the part of the reason that I am such a huge cheerleader for Sunrise Coffee and tell everyone that they should drive to Sunrise no matter what side of town they live on.  Sunrise is one of the only independent coffee shops in Vegas.  And they've done a great job making a caffeinated space to inspire creativity, wakefulness, conversation, and community.  It's a space that's rare in Vegas.  But it's also an inviting space with the options of comfy chairs, tables, outlets to plug in a laptop, and at least one larger table for a group meeting.Beyond the space, Sunrise offers great coffee (organic, fair trade, and well-roasted), delicious steamed milk coffee drinks (one of the few places in town offering a cafe au lait and Mexican hot chocolate).  And if you want a healthier breakfast option or vegan food options, they've got you covered.  Bottom line: I'm in love with Sunrise.  It's proof that we can have the sun and outdoors of the desert and not give up the cozy nooks and tasty warm drinks of the colder cities.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,1/9/2013,258,295,11,11,11>Blame it on the A-a-a-a-a-alcohol if you want, but the food this place puts out was like mana from heaven at midnight last Saturday night. We were leaving Dino's and a friend suggested we get Arepas, since I'd never tried them before. We got a beef arepa and a lingua arepa. When i tasted the yummy, cheesy, tender filling surrounded by the moist corn flour wrap I could barely put it down. I love that they leave the sauce on the side, so you can add it to your liking. The shredded beef was so tender and hearty. The lingua (beef tongue) tasted very similar to a slow cooked pot roast that had been shredded and sauteed with peppers and onions. It was spicy and the accompanying sauce made it even more so. It was delicious! It took some liquid courage to get me to try it, but now I'm hooked! I'm actually considering driving there on my lunch hour today (completely sober of course)! This place is a must try if you've never had an Arepa, or if you're close to downtown and hungry!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,1/8/2013,693,1125,9,22,17>I saved my 700th review for something righteously outstanding. We decided to square in on something difficult for us to get to normally for our staycation time and this was the one place I was I really wanted.The space is modern and vibrant and it was a lovely day so we sat outside. They had a white peach pomegranate ice tea that is a must order. It's fruity and refreshing. After much back and forth on several attractive sounding dishes and suggestions from our waiter we decide on our lunch. While we waited, he came back with a little amuse bouche of sorts. He wanted us to try some of their very popular curry soup and it was quite nicely spiced and complex. Promising for our food to come.He brought a few bottles of hot sauces to the table that were favorites and explained each one. A place of my heart - I love things to be more spicy as of late! Short rib sandwich was a beef dream. The braise on them was done right and it was tender and juicy and the jalapeno bacon was smoky and really nicely crispy contrast and their ciabatta bread was good and held up to the meats. I threw on some Scotch Bonnet hot sauce on this was it elevated it perfectly. Sweet potato fries were really light and crispy, more like chips in that addictive keep dipping in the chipotle mayo on the side and popping it in your mouth sort of way.The "bowl of the day" was spiced chicken and chorizo bowl with roasted corn and chilies. This was such a hearty portion we could not finish. Lovely spice and I like that the chorizo was crisped up on the edges. This went well with the mango hot sauce on our table and was such a addictive combo. Being Asian I've cooked up just about everything and ordered everything with rice that it's hard to make me think it's the best thing on rice since white on rice. I loved this dish and reminded me of what my carribean creole neighbors mango gumbo fed me as a kid. Gah, nostalgia gets you every time. Since it was our first time there,  our server got us a small slice of their carrot ginger cake to taste. We were full and didn't think we can take more than a bite, but we had to eat it. It was moist, had a very nice balance of spice and the frosting was not too sweet. The raspberry and mango sauces and fresh berries on the plate were perfect accompaniments. I love carrot cake and haven't had one make me smile in a long time. My little heart is pining for some right now. I want a whole cake - none for anyone else. Service here was amazing. Our server Lorenzo was so upbeat and friendly and uber attentive to little details. That's what puts this place over the edge for me was all the small things which is such a rarity. Since it was our first time he told us the story of the place and food, took his time running through the menu populars and his personal favorites when we couldn't make a choice. It's rare that a place goes beyond to make your first time special and wanted us a bite of their star curry dish, try some of their banging carrot cake, brought us favorite hot sauces that pair well with what we ordered. It adds a depth of warmth and thoughtfulness that normally is reserved for regulars and even then is lost on many establishments. Something I expect from  ungodly pricey places, but isn't always delivered. Drinks were always topped off and we were checked on in a very present but not overbearing way. Also when we were handling the check, our ice teas were still to the top and he asked if we would like to take them in to-go cups with us and since it was delish of course we did. It was a nice touch. He also showed us their dinner and brunch menus and hoped we enjoyed everything and come see them to try out their other menus. I have been stingy with 5 stars, and almost never give first visits a 5, but this IS as good as it gets! One of the better dining experiences I've had in this city. Vibrant, exciting food, lovely atmosphere and thoughtful service. I put off going because I never have a reason to be in this part of town, but with a experience this strong this IS the reason to come out of the way here, and come back fast. It may even have to be this weekend.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,1/7/2013,113,188,7,9,6>This place has been on my radar for a while, I finally made it over!  We were a bit scared when we pulled up and the place was packed but once we went inside we were happy to find out why.  It was all you can eat Maryland crab (they were all about the medium size) The prices change with season but it worked out to be about the same for a dozen for medium size but you get 2 sides per person with it.  So we felt we defiantly got our bang for the buck!The decor was all Sea Fairing and Maryland themed very fun and very clean!  The bathrooms were especially clean.  You may sit at a family style table if its busy and you are a small party but I felt ok with it because the condiments made for a nice divider.  The staff was AWESOME!  All of them greeted us when we walked in but it wasn't the fake cheer you sometimes get, it was a really nice happy to have you here kinda greeting.  We felt welcome and looked forward to our meal in a nice cheery environment. So as I said we did go with the all you can eat, but beware if you do not eat what you order you will be charged so do so according to your eating abilities!  We also opted to order the crab cakes upon recommendation from our waiter.  They are as he said pretty much all crab and ohh so good!  Highly recommend them...  The crabs are seasoned while and after they are boiled with an amazing seasoning that goes inside during boiling and get all over your fingers and the meat of the crab while cracking I luckily have been to a Maryland crab place in Maryland so I have had a tutorial in crab cracking but if you have not the guys that work there will help you out and they also have a diagram/tutorial to help you crack them!  They have a Yelp Check in offer good on regular priced orders and beer and wine.  I will be back! :D
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2012,1/6/2013,224,164,11,17,11>ANOTHER RAMEN RESTAURANT? I'm not complaining, high five to more options.So Shoku is owned by Bachi Burger who are RIGHT next door and if you don't know are a trendy joint that specialize in gourmet burgers with an Asian twist, so one should assume that applies to the ramen restaurant as well. First and foremost Shoku definitely makes the prettiest ramen, it has a nice contrast of colors and as far as I know the only restaurant to use black garlic oil (*EDIT* never mind Fukumimi uses BGO). I'm not an advocate of food being true to style, but the flavors I tasted in the Buta-San Ramen were strange. The menma or bamboo shoots were really sweet as were the (berkshire?) pork loin slices, and pork belly. So if you are like me who likes to eat each component individually, its going to be weird. I have to be honest the broth didn't have much depth even though its tonkotsu based although definitely saw the fat floating on top, if anything the black garlic oil was the most dominant flavor in the broth. Noodles can be ordered firm (normally how they always come) and soft, but soft noodles sounds weird, you lose the nice bite component. Hate to be an McKayla Maroney, but overall I wasn't too impressed. Service was great though, came to our table often, refilled water, etc etc. I'm down to still give it another go, but this being on the complete other side of Vegas for me, I won't be in a hurry.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,1/5/2013,148,168,8,11,9>Oh Jaleo, you bring out the worst in me.I'm one of those eaters that: (1) has zero patience to read a menu, especially when most of it is in a foreign language; (2) if I can't decide what I want, I pester the server and neighboring diners for recommendations; and (3) knows exactly what I want and how I want it.  Jaleo, for better or worse, hits all four proverbial nails.Jaleo's menu isn't the biggest, but there are a large number of dishes offered.  And most of it is in Spanish.  Unless you read the English description.  Well, as I said before, I have no patience to read every description to settle on a handful of openers.  Which sucks because we ended up with the cod empanadas, which, oh, btw, doesn't really have any cod in it.  It's basically a fish cream that's been deep fried in thin and crisp empanada shell with some honey drizzled on it.  You might like it and love it, but my friends and I could not stomach this to save our lives.  We Fear Factored the shmuck who ordered it as punishment.  Yes, he smelled like fish after that.  The menu doesn't suck if you read Spanish.  Or you have the patience to actually read everything.  Deal killer?  Nope, because......I pester people to give strong recommendations.  Sucks for everyone else except me!  Using this method, we stumbled across a ginfully good Gin & Tonic.  They ship their ice sphere (don't call it a ball) from their sister ship in LA.  Seriously.  The care and attention that goes into this one drink suggests that they care about all of their products (apparently even that cod cream).  Speaking of attention, the food in the shoe definitely grabbed ours, as we promptly ordered the delectable pollo croquetas (sp?) that occupy the footwear.  Those little morsels of what tasted like really good creamed chicken in a crunchy fried shell are really yum.  Another great recommendation was that we try their off-menu paella (I don't know what it's called because we said we'd take it before the server even described it).  To our surprise it was loaded with a whole lobster tail, a giant lobster claw (a bitch to break open), a few prawns and a few muscles.  Killer good that dish, but......not as good as the Iberico Short Rib Paella recommended on my first visit.  It was so rich and tasty that we wanted another plate.  I daydream about it.  I drool uncontrollably.  My second visit to Jaleo was specifically to have this dish again.  Upon sitting, before ordering drinks or even water, we asked for, nay DEMANDED this paella.  To which our humble server replied they were not going to be making it.  At all.  For the rest of the night.  Once the tears stopped, I pulled myself together with a wonderful Gin & Tonic, had some pretty good dishes (like the potato wrapped chorizo and roast quail) then went over to Blue Ribbon for oxtail fried rice to dull the pain...but that's for another review.  Yeah, Jaleo, you've got a lot going for you.  Your food's mostly good.  But I think I need Rosetta Stone and some valium to get through the menu.  And you need to get some more damn Iberico short ribs for the best paella in the world!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/4/2013,420,186,18,22,20>GUESS WHO'S BACK! =DWHERE: Charleston & Rampart, inside the Boca Park area (right next to Kona Grill).WHEN: Sunday through Tuesday from 7am-8pm, Wednesday through Thursday from 7am-9pm, Saturday from 7am-10pmWHY: To drink tea/coffee, eat super yummy sweets, and most importantly... socialize and finally catch up with some of your friends that you haven't seen- just to have some sort of excuse to get up and go.! =)WHAT: Thank goodness for good past reviews and recommendations through word-of-mouth! If it weren't for those two, I wouldn't have stepped foot in such an amazing cafe! It reminds me of a cafe I went to in New York. The atmosphere is calming, you can even enjoy, plop down, and read a book while chewing on something yummy or drinking something caffeinated.I personally have this somewhat new addiction for macarons. So, that was my purpose when walking through the door. I noticed they had about 13 different flavors! My eyes lit up due to excitement! The macarons aren't as big though, they're bite size and almost 2 bucks for one, but you might as well "seize the day" and order all the flavors (which is exactly what I did)! haha, and from doing it I now know my favorites! Yes, I know you're waiting for it... so the "must-tries" have got to be: pistachio, mango, paradise, caramel, raspberry... ok, most all of them were really good! But those are some of my favorites. =DAside from the macaroons, I tried the carrot cake parfaitI It was a different way to prepare a carrot cake indeed, and the uniqueness made it perfect!These are the only things I have got the pleasure of trying so far, but it will be my goal to try everything on their menu! hahaha, which will probably turn into a LIFETIME GOAL on my bucket list. LolTake my recommendation now, and see for yourself! =D
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,1/3/2013,606,96,6,21,12>I don't go out much or get to.. to say the least, but Sage.. saved me from every aspect of isolation of a homebody. Nestled in Aria Hotel, on the casino level by the front desk, adjacent from Julian Serrano. The array of deep, neon hues of purple awaits as you walk by the bar and into the main dining room. Three words to describe the ambiance: Sultry, sexy, and sooooothing. The bar and lounge area is quite inviting. I wouldn't mind at all having my meal there. My classy date and I were greeted by a kind, smiling lovely hostess named Alexis. I appreciate that so much, since the warm welcoming gives a great start to a wonderful dining experience.  We were then escorted in by the assistant manager and even pulled out the table and chair for us. My Oh my it just gets better and better!!! This was my first time trying a Signature Tasting Menu and honestly, I couldn't be more excited and thrilled to be able to share this experience with someone that loves great creations of food as much as I do. *Sigh I'm so happy... We tasted everything, shared everything, and that in itself meant Everything to me. The 1st Course: WAGYU BEEF TARTARE w/ Pickled Mustard Seeds. Crushed Caper Aioli , Slow Poached Egg, & Crispy Chocolate  -Extraordinary. By far the best beef tartare I ever had. The presentation itself was breathtaking and simply a work of art. Once you mix the egg with beef, the texture is ever so creamy. After my first bite, combining everything even the piece of thin, airy chocolate on top of a tasty olive oil infused, crispy brioche toast. I was singing.. Isn't she lovely... yeeeeees. All the ingredients, solid flavors were bursting with surprise in my mouth. It's nothing like I ever tasted before. If this is how it feels when you fall in love... I'm deeply in love.We also went all out and substituted for yes..... the FOIE GRAS BRULEE!!! The soft, slightly salty brioche muffin contrast with the richness of the foie gras.. make whoopie by eating this. A very sensual dish. This hypnotizing flavor is all new to me..  dizzy in love again.. perhaps that was the champagne?! Reggie, our sommelier was informative and great. The 2nd Course: BACON- WRAPPED RABBIT      English Pea Ravioli/Nueske Bacon, & Sweet Onion Sauce - Vibrant green colors.. gave away this freshness to the eyes. Beautiful dish. Every single element in this entree were magically paired to one another. It was as if you were eating your favorite song. Rabbit.. oh Rabbit.. I love you... Damn it.. I do. *hitting the dining table with my fists... gawd I want more and more of you. Addicted..MAINE DAYBOAT SCALLOPS Braised Oxtail/Wild Mushrooms, & Salted Caramel Reduction -My favorite seafood.. Scallops! Cooked to perfection, tender, juicy, and oh so damn succulent. Forget day dreaming.. I fantasize about this dish. Can't get enough of it. I want this dish and I want it Bad. Delicious!The 3rd Course:  We both ordered... 48 HOUR BEEF BELLY  Shaved Purple Asparagus/Ramp-Sorrel Puree, & Pickled Ramps/Toasted Almond - Very rich and the depth of flavor is endless. Extremely tender and effortlessly melts in your mouth. This isn't for the faint of heart, but for a heart of gold due to the luxuriance of the meat. Happily satisfied :)The 4th course: GIANDUJA PAVE Olive Oil Ice Cream, Hazelnut Crunch, & Basil Jam -Odd combination, but it was the best ending to such an amazing, memorable dinner. Again, everything I tasted was like a stimulating, new fairy tale story. It made such a profound impact of how I felt at that present moment and I could say... I could have fallin' in love. I never knew food could alter the way I feel and gosh darn it... I felt So beyond special. I never smiled so bright. My tummy was beaming! We were also offered complimentary breads in the beginning of sourdough or bacon bread. Bacon, by far was it for me and the whipped, creamy butter with sea salt .. yes another smile on this face. *sigh We also did the wine pairing with our Tasting :) I could cry out of joy from this experience. Pure bliss... Maybe since the flavors and simple ingredients were like traveling and exploring a new country.. a first for me. I was just stunned and even turned on by how delicious this restaurant was. The dim, cozy decor, and colors makes this ideal for a perfect Romantic date. I seriously couldn't be more pleased and happy. I love the fact my date has great taste in food and loves exploring as much as eating. Great company and great food can definitely lead to great things ;) The service was exceptional, top notch, 5 solid stars... The GM, Robert was ever so personable, funny, and kind by checking up on us throughout our evening. Our servers, runners, bussers, all worked smoothly together and made this one of the best dining experience I ever had in my entire life. Thank you. That being said.. This is my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,1/2/2013,277,200,14,14,17>"Don't think about the calories. Life is too short not to indulge in some dessert every once in a while. And Terence (my boyfriend) will love me no matter what size I am."The above statement is what I said to myself when I decided it was finally time to walk into Freed's Bakery. They have so many different cakes, cookies, and pastries; I got my two favorites - the red velvet cake and a cannoli. I got my boyfriend the German chocolate cake which he loved!The red velvet was moist and soft and wasn't too sweet at all. I was going to save the cannoli for the next day but ended up eating it all in one sitting. I thought the cream filling was a little too sweet but the shell was just right. There were two nice ladies working and they were so helpful with all the customers. It looked like to me they had many repeat customers.They also sell wedding cake by the slice and I plan on getting one, and giving it to my boyfriend of three years, and hopefully he will get the hint.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,1/1/2013,222,164,14,22,17>I count my lucky stars that I am so fortunate to be able to finally eat at é by José Andrés.  It was a special occasion and we (surprisingly my husband included because he usually prefers cheap Chinese food over frou frou stuff) both thoroughly enjoyed the EXPERIENCE.  It was a precisely choreographed dance to put together these pieces of food, a play on textures, temperatures and flavors.  It was an experience with the art of food, and I'm not saying it with any disdain for snobbiness this time.  There were 24 morsels of delicious food - all incredibly creative.The short and sweet version: Precision.  Perfectly choreographed and executed.  Juxtaposition of Flavors and Textures.  Adjectives that come to mind:  Fragrant.  Whimsical.  Airy.  Crunchy.  Ice Cold.  Salty and Sweet.  Warm.  Fluffy.  Umami.  Crumbly.1.  Rebujito - our starting cocktail smelled like fragrant roses.  2.  Truffle Cotton Candy - whimsical, fluffy with the aroma of truffle.  3.  Idiazabal "Macaron" - delightfully crunchy with a cheesy filling4.  Apple "Brazo De Gitano" - Airy on the outside, creamy blue cheese "espuma" on the inside5.  Seta Suprise - Creamy 'shrooms6.  Nitro Almond Cup - NITROGEN cold (not just ice cold) and smooth on the outside, creamy/briny/salty caviar on the inside.7.  Barquillo - crunchy shell, aromatic Truffle and anchovy foam8.  Almejas Al Natural - spherical globules encased with the essence of oyster 9.  Bocatade Bacalao - warm, buttery brioche, savory cod, umami-licious?10. Crispy Chicken Skin in Escabeche - extra crispy chicken skin + foam11. Cava Sangria - Pop!  globule of sangria 12. Artichoke "Puree" with vanilla - creamy, mild, smooth13. Lobster with Citrus & Jasmine - tender lobster with jasmine flavored air14. Chickpea Stew with Iberico Ham - globules of essence of chickpea and accents of ham15. Turbot with Bone Marrow - salty/sweet/bitter combo with crispy bone marrow, turbo fish and coffee grinds16. Lobe of Foie Gras - savory foie gras combined with fresh orange juice 17. Secreto of Iberico Pork with Squid + Parsley Foam - tender, squid was a touch burnt I thought18. Santa Gadea with Cotton Candy - "goat in sheep's clothing," goats milk with sweet cotton candy19. Flan - creamy, light and airy20. Pan con Chocolate - MY FAVORITE DESSERT OF THE NIGHT.  Crumbled frozen chocolate sorbet with cream, hints of saffron, crunchy sweet crystallized bread, and olive oil.  21. "Arroz con Leche" - Another well played piece on texture, temperature and flavor22. 25 second Bizcocho - fluffy cake with lemon cream23. Air Chocolates - wow.  bitter chocolate and I usually really like dark chocolate 24. Cocoa Paper with Dried Strawberry - airy light chocolate with tangy freeze dried strawberry bit$ to Value Ratio:  4.75/5 Stars... This is definitely debatable (my mom may think it's a complete waste of money), but I rated it high because my experience was impeccable (service was top notch, ingredients were top notch)Yummy Factor: 5/5 StarsTexture Satisfaction: 5/5 StarsAverage stars: 4.92 StarsWe were guest 4999 and 5000!  =)
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,12/31/2012,1407,1189,7,18,12>After missing my usual green tea cake fix at Goyemon for the longest time, I received a very helpful tip from Yuki (one of the Goyemon waiters) that Chef Misuzu had recently opened her Japanese style patisserie on Durango and Warm Springs(Next to Jiffy Lube) on the Southwest side of town.If you've dined at Goyemon and/or Kabuto, you more than likely have had one(or a few in my case) of her signature items-Green Tea Cake, Tofu Cheesecake, Mille Crepes, etc. They can all be found here at Suzuya. Also having worked at notable places such as ALEX and the Pastry Shop at Aria, Chef Misuzu is no joke, and it shows in all of her creations. Very aesthetically pleasing to the eye, the Japanese palate leans more toward seasonal, natural, delicate flavors and textures, not overly too sweet, or too rich and decadent. Although the presentations may look a little American and European, the flavors are dominantly Japanese. Sorry, you won't find grossly huge portions, Ganache covered, ooey gooey overly decoratedsweets to cause a sugar coma, or artificial ingredients or colors to please the eye.I am also a huge fan of the Japanese style crepes served here as well.(Even better than that crepe joint in Japantown, SF) We shared my usual Green Tea Cake(The latest version is with a hazelnut cream and chocolate covered crispies) and a Strawberries and Whipped Cream Crepe with Green Tea Ice Cream as an add on(ice creams are also made in-house) at $4.50 for any of their 5 different creations-Strawberries and Whipped Cream, Banana and Chocolate, Blueberry and Cream Cheese, Nutella and Almond, and Apricot and Custard with add-ons for $.25-$.75 more, this is one of the best deals in town. The crepe was so soft, just slightly sweet,and a nice chewy texture, the addition of the fruit, cream and ice cream made every bite enjoyable!...So enjoyable, we had to get another crepe and I also noticed they just put a tray of Kabocha Squash Pies in the display case, so we had to get one of those as well!The time and care put into preparing each crepe is also evident as insta-read laser thermometers are used to get a specific temperature before cooking each crepenot too hot that it wil brown or dry out the crepe, not too cold that the batter will stick. The end result is a very soft, pliable crepe, pale yellow with very little to no color and a nice delicate flavor and perfect vessel for the assorted fruits and toppings. This time we tried the Apricot and Custard. The slight tartness from the fresh apricots paired well with the vanilla-infused custard. The Kabocha Pie was a hit as well served with a crisp puff pastry crust, gently dusted with cinnamon and served with lightly sweetened wipped cream....Absolutely ONOLICIOUS!!!Before you go:Wed-Mon. 10-6pm, closed TuesdaysCall ahead to check for selections (they were out of the Mille Crepes dessert when we went)Looking forward to returning and trying all of the other creations at Suzuya...ALOHA!!!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,12/30/2012,205,232,5,8,10>I really like this place.  Prices are great, portions big.  I am more inclined to order rice dishes here, because they just come with so much.  Sliced pork rice dish comes with 3 shrimps (yes I pluralized it) this egg/pork cake cube which is delicious, a lot of rice, 2 eggs on top of the rice, and pickled veggies.  Meat is not fatty (which happens all too often at Vietnamese restaurants) what a great place.  I'm surprised at the number of reviews less than 4.  Yes, maybe you aren't being greeted by a hostess (or anyone at all) but the prices are so low, what do you expect.  LOL @ Misti's review on this place... "overfloweth"  That was funny.  And the rest of the review is in normal English.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,12/29/2012,189,158,6,16,12>I'm a fan of the dark wood decor, descent beer selection and good food specials. One night it was bottomless wings with a choice of 18 sauces and another night it was a burger and a beer for $12. The wings were really good and I was really happy with the burger and beer combo! :)The service has always been friendly and attentive. It's in the neighborhood that includes the Double Down Saloon, Hofbrauhouse and Hard Rock Hotel. It's a older run down area of town, but Firkin has livened up that corner a bit. Drop in and give it a try. HAPPY EATING!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,12/28/2012,214,227,9,9,5>Remember the '80's movie with Fred Savage, Little Monsters?  Well, imagine Little Monsters had sex with Cirque Du Soleil and Dr. Seuss and gave birth.  The Act.  The love child of Little Monsters, Cirque and Dr. Seuss.  And I kind of loved it.  Also, many times, I was waiting for Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise to show up because this reminded me so much of Eyes Wide Shut.  I feel I am at a point in my life where getting stupid drunk and grinding on someone is no longer fun for me.  If you want me to go to a club, you better have some entertainment.  This place has entertainment for days.  I wouldn't say I ever got offended, but I'm not easily offended.  But there were definitely some shocking aspects.  Best of all, it is very small by club standards.  Rich red fabric, comfy booths, winding staircases.  The Act really paid attention to details.  There are several performers lounging around who make an effort to keep the party vibe going.  The statue of Buck Angel (who I only learned was a real person after the fact) is a nice touch.  Interesting place and definitely a unique experience even by Las Vegas standards.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,12/27/2012,366,699,7,14,12>FINALLY! A Chinese place that doesn't suck in Henderson, and they offer Thai food too! With a house full of hungry people wanting Chinese food and not wanting another lame experience I turned to Yelp! (of course) but the reviews for Little Dumpling left me unsure. But I took a chance and ordered. Sometimes you swing and miss, but once in a while you can knock one out of the park and Little Dumpling was a home run with everyone. In depth details....here we go. Straight from the Eat24 online order receipt which made ordering a breeze! 22. Chicken Lo Mein  - My 2 year old loved it. So much so that when we took his plate away thinking he was done he asked me to bring it back. That's ultra rare. 35. Sweet and Sour Chicken  - Premium chicken, great flavor, no skimpy food here. 79. Vegetable Egg Foo Young  - When this gets compared to our gold standard Chinese place we used to love in Denver, and is ranked even better than that...what else can I say about it? They loved it! 92 Thai Tea   - The nice lady at the counter almost forgot this until I asked her to double check the order. I'm sure glad she did...it was pretty dang good if I do say so. 42. Kung Pao Chicken  - Good, but not great. Why? It needed a bit more spice. Every dish seen here was medium spiced...but Kung Pao needs to be hot. Fiery hot. This one...was just good. Still loved it enough that I'll order it again. 38. General Tso's Chicken  - My wife puts me to shame when it comes to being a critic and when she says it doesn't suck and she smiles from ear to ear...yeah, this one made my house happy let me tell ya. 8. Pot Sticker  - OMG. These ain't the crappy potstickers other places try and stick you with. These are premium meat hand made masterpieces with a little kick of spice that slapped my tongue around. 3. Crab Rangoon - Holy crap, they put the crab into the crab rangoons and you can taste it. This ain't the cream cheese wontons that other places call crab rangoon. This is the good stuff. 9. Chicken Teriyaki on a Stick -  Good, enjoyable, will order again, but not my personal favorite. If you've read this far know this. They are hidden in behind Starbucks and tucked in behind Walgreens. If you can't find it go to Walgreens and use their driveup pharmacy lanes. When you are at the window for Walgreens your headlights would shine right into Little Dumpling. Will I go back? Heck yes. I dropped almost $70 on Chinese food here and this is the first time I've finished eating with everyone and nobody said it sucked. That's ultra rare as I seem to live with a lot of critics. And when they compare it to our all time favorite places...enough said. For a first impression Little Dumpling made one heck of a good impression. Add on Service with a Smile, and they boxed everything up and it was easy to carry it all out...oh and one last thing. Their spicy Chinese mustard will sneak up on you and kick your ass. Sorry for the profanity but you've been warned. 4 Stars...don't want to jinx them with a 5, I'll save that last star for a review of their Thai offerings. If they nail the Thai food...that 5th Star will be posted.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,12/26/2012,93,649,7,8,9>Honestly, KISS by Monster Mini Golf is pretty damn cheesy.. That doesn't mean it's not a fun way to spend an hour or two!! And you definitely do NOT need to be a member of the KISS fanclub to have a good time here! I wouldn't call myself a fan, the KISS memorbelia didn't do anything for me, but I still enjoyed myself. This is an indoor course, all lit up with blacklights. It shouldn't come as any surprise that there is loud KISS music playing, one of the employees was even on the course jamming out with a plastic guitar to a few of the songs. The employees were really great, everyone was helpful and the guitarist REALLY seemed like he enjoyed his job. None of the obstacles are too difficult... The holes are just tough enough to make for a fun time. I personally thought the KISS mannequins that were 'performing' were pretty lame, but the cool artwork painted on the walls made up for it. I think I would have liked the mannequins better if my request to go onstage with them for photos was not denied due to insurance reasons, haha. :(If golf isn't your thing, there is an arcade with various games you can play for tickets you can then save and trade for KISS gear. We didn't play any games when we were there, but still walked out with a bunch of tickets because the cool employees working hooked us up. Locals, make sure you get the discounted rates ($2 off with a local id, one id can be used for up to 4 people)!!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/25/2012,563,825,3,7,9>Awesome organization with friendly folks. I joined a bunch of Yelpers yesterday at their warehouse on 780 W Lake Mead Pkwy in Henderson (corner 4th street across from Fiesta). They gave us the tools to sort through used children's books and clean them of any markings, dirt, labels, etc. It looks like they could use more help, so if you've been looking for a worthy and fun volunteer opportunity, this is it. Like their web site says, books are magical. Be a kid again as you sort through childhood classics and pass them on to a new generation.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,12/24/2012,88,240,13,21,22>Excuse my language but this place is "F**KIN GOOD"!!!!!I normally do not give 5 stars after a 1st visit but Fukumimi Ramen deserves it!!!Everything we ate was so flavorful and just plain yummy.....The inside is new and clean with a modern casual decor.... I think it should be bigger cause once people try their food I imagine it'll be packed pretty often....We ordered the small chicken curry over white rice and one taste of that yummy curry and we knew we were eating at a "I WILL BE BACK" type of restaurant....The Chicken Karaage was so damn good!!! The breading was perfection and it was seasoned just right - accompanied by a small side of mixed greens with a yummy salad dressing - all this needed was a side of Fried Rice (which they don't have) and I would've been a happy camper!!! Both small orders only cost $3.90 each - well worth the price if you ask me!!!On to our Ramen - I had the "Fukumimi Ramen" which had the creamy pork based broth. On top of the soup was pork belly,bean sprouts,seasoned egg,and sea weed. The noodles were perfect - not too soft - more firm - This Ramen was delicious!!!!The BF had the "Tantan Men Ramen" which is a Szechuan style spicy soup with a chicken/pork based creamy broth that reminded us of a curry. In the Ramen was seasoned ground meat,bok choy and red chile oil. I tried the broth and it wasn't a taste that I would ever imagine at a Ramen place - it was so freakin yummy!!!!There are add-ins to your Ramen for a minimal fee that you can get like corn ect...You also get a stamp card where if you buy 4 ramens on your next visit you get either free gyoza or free chicken karaage. I'm not losing that stamp card...LOLNow on 2 past occasions we tried to eat at Monta which is supposed to be like the Holy Grail in Vegas for Ramen but on each occasion it was too packed and we gave up but I honestly can't imagine any other Ramen places tasting better than what I ate tonight.....   So, I guess everyone should try Fukumimi Ramen before it becomes like a Monta :(
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,12/23/2012,268,105,3,7,6>Luxy Nail is a new boutique nail salon situated in the same plaza as Japan creek market and Gold's Gym on Eastern / Serene. I adore the chic and trendy deco of this place. Contrary to your prototypical nail salon, Luxy is very clean and free of any acetone / nail polish chemical odor. Never had real nail UV gel polish before, I decided to try it out. I was surprised how fast gel polish dried and harden under UV lamp. The owner (Queena) is very charming and paying attention to every detail. She told me gel polish will maintain its high gloss and color without fading for 2-4 weeks. It does not chip/peel or snap off when you strike the tip of your nail on a keyboard (I will test this statement w/ real world work & house chore tests after 2 wks). Price here is pretty reasonable (you get what you paid for). They offer lots of cute Japanese nail art designs. I definitely recommend this place if you are fan of Japanese nail arts. I am a new fan of this boutique nail salon and UV gel polish!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/22/2012,170,76,11,12,15>ok ok ok..first of all..If you went to see this show thinking it was going to be a cirque de soleil caliber  with celine dion coming out of a cake that Chris Angel was going to make appear on top of Elton John 's piano while dancing to blue man group tunes inside the mgm arena...you are simple not a fanThis musical is amazing. I've seen it 3 times (and planning a 4th one) with a group of between 8 FANS. You must understand this production is supposed to be cheesy and funny and raw. Also, if you are going you MUST seat at the splatter zone..If you dont, its like going to a strip club and not having a lapdance..Come on!!Songs are hilarious, actors are funny and in general it catches every aspect of the trilogy. Ash  and scotty were awesome ..and that red headed girl is super hot(dont judge me!)Im glad to see that the transition from the little Onix theater to a strip venue didnt affect the performance or the feel of it. Im pleased to say EVIL DEAD rocks and it rocks hardSHOP smart.. SHOP S-MART!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,12/21/2012,166,232,3,10,7>Johnny Fontanes is the best spot in town to watch NY Giants football on gameday! This is one of my usual hangouts when I want to have a chill night and drink till the wee-hours of the morning, but during football season Fontanes turns into NY Giants mecca for fans here in town.With good food, friendly bartenders (especially Mario, Missy and Kimmy) and a bunch of rowdy Giants fans cheering on the boys in Blue.Last night they also had a girl doing spray on tattoos of various Giants logos and Fox 5 News even dropped in (can see the clips online).My favorite items on the menu:Large Pizza with Meatballs (a must on gameday)StromboliWingsYou can find me here during every Giants game and usually on weekends late night from 12am on.Other fans are welcome, but make sure you can take some smack talk! Nothing personal :)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/20/2012,367,459,7,14,11>I adore museums--you could probably put a placard on a hoard of trash and it would elicit at least three stars from me. This museum, however, exceeded the wildest expectations for the history lover/cultural studies major in me. My family and I stayed over three hours and we could not possibly have covered all the detail inside the exhibits in that time. My brain got tired with all the information around every corner. It was worth the $10 locals admission price. However, it was a bit crowded (being Labor Day, I suppose) and I would have liked a little more space to not feel as rushed throughout the exhibit. Good thing I became a member for only $15 more so that I can go back throughout the year for free and do more exploring. Some of the displays, however, did not have explanations by them. It was a few times throughout but I am remembering one towards the end of the museum that was a display of clothes and artifacts but had zero explanation of what they were.Some of the museum is pretty graphic, and not just in the "graphic content" section, which is something to be cognizant of. I thought that I was pretty strong when it comes to seeing pulverized human remains, but I was not, and I pretty much went lightning speed through that section. A definite stop on a more "cultured" Las Vegas visit, though perhaps not on a holiday.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,12/18/2012,114,197,5,11,8>Swimming with sharks is the closest thing in going to the dentist for me.    I hate the sound of drills, and stuffing my mouth with some plastic to take an X-rayUnfortunately, I had old filling that partially came out, and it was not making my day, because I was not getting the full taste of food.   So I finally gave in after a few days, and made an appointment with these folks,  One of my co-workers mention that the dentist, Dr. Lin  had very small hands, and was very careful on details.    So I was game.Booking an appointment was painless, because my insurance set this up for me,  and I got my new patient paperwork from them by E-mail.    So when I walked in at 8:15 am, I went from the waiting room to the x-ray room within 5 minutes, and got my examination by 8:40.     I was a little stunned how fast this office moves, and got a filling replaced within an hour.     The procedure was pretty painless, and Dr Lin does have thin fingers.....it does help :)From what I notice on the business door, it's a kind of one stop place for your dental needs, because i notice they had a orthodontist, and dental surgeon on staff within office.    Sadly, my dental insurance allows me to get deep dental cleaning, and this office hook me up for four procedures within the year for only 120.00....great deal, but I have to go back within 3 months, and listen that  drill again.  Ouch, but my teeth look damn good :)
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,12/17/2012,765,431,4,15,10>There are certain times in life when food takes center stage.Ladies, and Gents...Raku is beyond that.I popped in on a whim the other night. Countless coworkers would tell me about how this was the BEST restaurant in all of Las Vegas. I took it for granted, because people always say that about one restaurant or another. I guess I had to experience it for myself.A friend and I stopped in without a reservation last week. It's a small restaurant and each of the tables (but one) was occupied. The dining room is small. It may remind you of the dining scene in San Francisco or New York City. The kind of place that begs for your attention through it's subtle exterior.After a short wait, we were seated at a nice table.We ordered:-Agadashi Tofu -- So perfect and so good!-House Tofu -- Also amazing. Next time I'd probably get half and half with Agadashi.-Black Cod -- Better than Nobu. This was off the seasonal Fish menu.-Crispy Asparagus -- Perfectly cooked, crunchy, crispy delicious.-Fried Shrimp -- Delicious. These are full shrimp. Don't get grossed out by the shrimp heads.-Green Tea Creme Brulee -- The perfect ending to a fantastic meal.Your table will have some seasonings on it. A green tea salt. A chili powder. A sake chili thing. And soy sauce which is incredible and seasoned with plum. Use these seasonings. Mix and match. They tend to provide a different experience with each mixture.This one meal is a Top Five for me. I'm no stranger to food, and good food at that. This is the spot that is a MUST TRY when you are in Vegas.Total Bill for Two -- About 60 bucks.Return Timetable: Immediate.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,12/16/2012,682,135,10,16,8>Located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan, I brought a friend from out of town to check out this joint known for high end burgers and boozy milkshakes.  The restaurant space has a good mix of seats at the bar, low tables with comfy couches, and standard booths/chairs.  Music is pumping and artwork on the walls definitely add a cool vibe, but it's not overwhelming where one can't enjoy good conversation amongst close friends.As for the menu, there is quite the impressive beverage selection including a wide array of international/domestic beers, wines, cocktails, and unique sodas.  My friend and I were definitely in the mood to pair some burgers with their signature shakes and I got the Drunken Monkey (with Reese's, banana, malt, and Frangelico) whereas my friend ordered the Creamsicle Float (whipped cream smirnoff,  orange sherbet, ibc cream soda, and orange bubble sugar).  My biggest fear was that the alcohol component would actually distract one's enjoyment of the milkshake, but unexpectedly the problem ended up being the complete opposite in that neither of us tasted nor felt any effects of any trace of alcohol in our shakes (i.e. neither one of us had our trademark Asian flush go into effect).  Perhaps the Holstein's staff has figured out some magic ratio/technique to eliminate both the taste and effect of alcohol in their shakes, but a little of both would serve to go a long way especially if one is paying double digit dollars.As for the burgers, we opted to split the crowd favorite Gold Standard and Steakhouse Burger.  The Gold Standard consists of dry aged sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula and garlic-chive aioli, but my taste buds felt like they were in Charlie Brown's classroom in that all the ingredients were rendered a slur of incomprehensibility by the overpowering goat cheese.  The Steakhouse burger, on the other hand, did a much better job showcasing its melange of ingredients consisting of pepper-crusted beef, housemade creamy steak sauce, marmalade onions, tomato confit, wild mushrooms,  and swiss cheese.  Taste buds were dancing their way upstairs to Marquee on this one.  For every burger, one has the choice of shoestring fries or the thick steak fries (which resemble seasoned potato wedges) so one will not go wrong depending on personal preference.  Overall, the burgers  do not come cheap (ranging from $14-28) nor do the milkshakes ($11) but to paraphrase Vincent Vega from Pulp Fiction,  "That's a pretty f*cking good milkshake/burger. I don't know if it's worth (insert some double digit number) dollars but it's pretty f*cking good."
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,12/15/2012,146,439,6,10,9>A macarOn is not a macarOOn.  I learned the difference when I ventured over to this quaint French pastry shop in my neck of the woods.  Macarons are meringue-based cookies with buttercream filling; think a French Oreo, but they come in all flavors and colors. So many choices, but the pleasant young lady behind the counter helped me narrow down my selection.  I ended up leaving with the chocolate mint, lemon, chocolate, and pistachio--délicieux!  With bonafide French chefs creating these delectable works of art, Patisserie Manon also offers other treats like Black Forest cake, tarts, pain au chocolat, candies, croissants, breads, and more. I'll be back to try the bistro offerings--the quiche looks good!  à bientôt!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,12/14/2012,464,250,9,9,9>How about a review from a chick who is NOT an avid gamer? Hehe!They are located in the same parking lot as In n Out & you can bring your food in with you... score!On the day I went inside... I needed to print off some copies of stuff since I don't have a printer currently and the front desk gal was very nice in explaining time usage, fees, printer costs, and even selling me an iced drink from their bottled fridge. The environment does consist of mostly men sitting there chatting back n forth and loudly pounding on the keyboards to beat out their gaming counterparts. It was mildly distracting but the desk space is wide enough that I had my own area to work on. There's a timer on the screen showing me just how much time I've been online and if I need more minutes. Hours of the location are open pretty late which is very convenient as well.All in all, this is a great place for any computing needs. The only downfall if you're a woman is when I initially walked in... I was looked at like some mystical creature that just walked on the scene... as in "its a GIRL!" lol but that was to be expected in my opinion as its mostly a "gamers environment". ;-)
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,12/13/2012,227,338,7,13,12>Ohhh I knew I was in big trouble when I stepped in this place! Their showcase is packed full of different and unique sweet treats to choose from. Only place I know that has a killer Pistachio Cheesecake that's so dreamy rich.  Their Princess Cake is a first for me as well. Inside the filling is a whipped cream, custard, rum and raspberry jam and it's icing is  a thick layer of green marzipan. It tastes H E A V E N L Y! ...and St Benar! Ready for this?? Macaroon soaked in rum with mousse filling covered with a layer of ganache! I'm told they sell fast so maybe get there earlier in the day.  There is  also good bargains on day old bakery goodies bagged up against the wall there. They have a variety of fresh baked bread there too, but since I skip out on eating breads I dont know how they are, but from the baked bread smell that emanates from them, Im betting it's very good as well. The ladies who work there are helpful and cool! The "Sexy People Tip" tip jar made me laugh. I wouldn't had found this place it were not for the bakery sign they have out on the sidewalk and the recommendation I got from talking with the owner from Islanders Grill. Thank goodness for local businesses that support each other. Lots of hidden gems in the Water St. Dist.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,12/11/2012,697,524,9,13,12>We decided to give this place a try for breakfast. The restaurant was popping but luckily there was one table open and so we didn't have to wait.The decor is very nice. It is tiny inside but the tables are laid out nicely. I started out with a cup of coffee. That led to 2 more cups because it was delicious. Then it was time to order my meal. I had a hard time deciding between a few things but  finally decided on the "Maple Tree French Toast". It had some sort of corn flake batter it was cooked in and I would totally order it again! It doesn't come with any sides but they are generous with the french toast you wont go home hungry. I did order a side of bacon because bacon is too tasty and I wanted to try theirs out :)The server as well others checked on us often and were very kind. The other people in my party were very pleased with their meals too! I will for sure be back to The Maple Tree!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/10/2012,887,1183,6,10,7>Andre's was my first stop for Restaurant Week, and I don't think I could have asked for a better meal.  I'll say it was probably my favorite meal so far this year, though Sushisamba's omakase is a close second.  For $50.12, I was treated to a four course meal when a lot of other RW menus were only 3 courses.  Seemed like good value, and I've never tried Andre's before.While waiting for my table, I ended up chatting briefly with their bartender.  She's from Croatia, which I am a huge fan of.  This girl is so hot she's worth going to the restaurant for alone!Before the first course came out, I was given an unexpected amuse-bouche.  I wish I could remember what the waiter called it, but it was tasty.  There's pictures above of this item, as well as the rest of my meal.The first course was "Roasted Corn Soup With Warm Crab Salad, Garlic Chips And Chive Oil."  I'm not a big soup fan, but this was fantasic.  Amazing flavor, and a generous portion.The second course was "Butter Lettuce Salad With Crispy Duck Confit, Toasted Almonds And Cherry Vinaigrette."  Another delicious item I wasn't expecting to enjoy that much.  The duck was very tasting, I just wish there was a little more dressing on the plate.I was then given a palette cleanser, a little bit of gelato.  I've never seen that before a main course, but who am I to argue.I actually never ordered my main course.  There were three choices, and I skipped the chicken and narrowed it down to "Grilled Rib Eye Cap With Anna Potato, Broccolini And Horseradish Beef Jus" or "Seared Scottish Salmon With Spinach Gnocchi, Heirloom Tomato And Truffle Beurre Blanc."  I had just had steak the night before, or I would have ordered the first choice.  Instead, I told the waiter to pick.He brought a steak knife, so I figured that was that.  I actually thought (since I'm a poker player) that it would be awesome if he was trying to trick me and brought me the salmon.  But what waiter would think of that?  RICARDO DID!  The salmon arrived, and I was both disappointed and delighted.  In the end, it was really a delicious main course and I'm not unhappy at all.  Perfectly cooked salmon, and the gnocchi were fantastic.For dessert (I could barely eat anymore!) they brought "Cocoa-Nut Marquise With A Banana-Lime Sabayon."  I know like 2 of these words, but my taste buds liked all of them.The entire meal was first class, with the manager coming over to chat with me at one point.  The dining room is small and has a great vibe.  I have 0 complaints about this place and can't wait for the next Restaurant Week to eat here again.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/9/2012,151,137,6,13,9>At this point I'm pretty certain Chef Chris and crew could serve up my shoes and they would be amazing.A few feet down from my go to brunch spot (bread and butter) there is now Meat and Three. Having spent a great deal of time in the south I am a fan of the cafeteria style dining that Meat and Three pays tribute to. You can get your choice of meat with 1, 2, or 3 sides. Three were 4 meats on the menu: Porchetta, Brisket, Roasted Chicken, and Fried Chicken. There were way too many sides to even list.The menu is a lot to take in at first, narrowing it down is even harder since everything I've tried had been amazing. The ordering process was pretty simple, tell the girl at the counter what you want, she checks it off a little sheet, and hands it back to the kitchen. Pay the cashier, grab your drinks and pull up a chair.The place has a great atmosphere much like bread and butter, there is a big communal table with several 2 tops surrounding it. One wall is covered in repurposed pallets, another is covered in what appears to be a delicious crossword puzzle, another wall is covered in mustards, hot sauces, salts, and various other condiments, while the open kitchen is a nice show while they prep your food.The meal starts off with appetizers, we got Pretzels and Peanuts a great starter. It ws followed up by our order. We had Porchetta , fried chicken, mashed potatoes, coleslaw, bacon dill potato salad, root veggies, and a smores and dark chocolate pudding cups to finish the meal off.The Porchetta was great, moist on the inside with a great crunch on the outside. The bacon dill purple potato salad was good, the coleslaw and mashed potatoes were delish, and the Root Veggies were AMAZING, I will be having pretty much all of them again sometime soon.During the meal Chef Chris brought out a crock of Mac and Cheese, it isn't on the menu yet, but it was some of the best Mac and Cheese I've had. The pudding cups were a great dessert, but to be totally honest I think I would get an extra side over the pudding cup, even with the bruleed marshmallow on the Smores Pudding cup.The portions are a good size and the food is outstanding. Another great  restaurant offering from Chef Chris and Crew...keep up the good work!!!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/8/2012,89,136,5,11,8>Checked them out on a Friday evening for dinner. The interior is bright and friendly. The service is good.We ordered a Pizza Mac with Dorito flakes, a Chili Mac with Corn Tortilla flakes and a Tuna Melt with Sweet Potato Chips. Basically, too much food for two people.Both of the macs were very tasty. The Pizza Mac had pepperoni slices and a garlic flavor. Yum. The Chili Mac had chili. Yum. The melt was the least cheesy of the three, but was quite good too. It had lots of salady stuff in it to make you feel better about what you were eating.In short, it felt like one of the regular-sized macs, due to their heavy cheeseness, could do an adequate job of filling two stomachs, if, perhaps, supplemented by a sandwich. Eating a the whole Chili Mac myself left me feeling like I had swallowed a delicious cheese brick. We would go back to try out the wide variety of other foods they have there.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/7/2012,299,177,14,28,17>At last, Mr. Lee's Woonam Jung adds AYCE Korean BBQ to their menu. Ordering their tender, delicious Kalbi a la carte certainly put a hole in my pocket. As tasty as it was, I had a difficult time paying $30 for a plate of it on top of whatever entree I ate. Sura has some serious competition now that Mr. Lee threw his hat into the AYCE KBBQ ring. For a measly $26 at dinner, you can fill your three stomachs with all the Kalbi you want and your other three with bulgogi, chadolbaegi (thinly sliced beef brisket), samgyupsal (pork belly), dak (chicken) bulgogi , deh ji (pork) bulgogi plus the steamed egg and doenjang jjigae (soybean soup) traditionally served with a Korean BBQ meal. Given you have six full stomachs and still have room to spare, all of this and more is 'bottomless' and you still get a 5-star worthy selection of fresh banchan. Think of those pricey front-loading washer/dryers. Yeah, those shiny, fancy ones that are so quiet you can take a nap in the laundry room. They're considerably less annoying than their top-loading ancestors. Where am I going with this? Woonam Jung uses the fancy front-loaders of BBQ hoods--nearly silent and 1,000x more efficient. You won't have to project your voice over a noisy fan and you'll go home smelling like your perfume of the night instead of grilled meat. While Woonam Jung doesn't look like much from the outside, the inside is nicely decorated and has this Asian tranquility thing going for it. In short, it's a more luxurious establishment to stuff your face. If you want to up your dining experience or fancy up the act of over-eating, Woonam Jung's food presentation, modern plates, and cute server uniforms will not disappoint.AYCE BBQ is available at lunch-time. But I hope you like bulgogi because kalbi isn't served until dinner. And if for whatever reason you're not into the AYCE BBQ thing or great deals make you feel cheap, BBQ is still available to purchase a la carte and their other entrees are flat out delicious! The yukgaejang and dolsot bibimbap are two of my favorites.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,12/6/2012,201,124,6,25,19>Never had soba before? Me neither. So I did my research. Good thing I did because there's a right way to eat it and I never would have been able to figure it out on my own. I-naba does have directions on the table, but I recommend reading up on it beforehand. My first time eating soba in a restaurant was a fantastic experience. I will be back.The waitress that day was so insanely kind. She was patient and willing to answer questions. In fact a solicitor came in asking each table for donations. She approached the woman and said in the sweetest voice, "Please leave now. Thank you." The solicitor kindly left.I ate two things:Battera Small Plate- 6 thin pieces of cured mackerel on vinegary sushi rice forming a perfect rectangle. Excellent.Vegetable Ten Zaru- served on a tray you receive vegetable tempura (yam, asparagus, mushroom, etc), dipping sauce for tempura, small bowl of rice, cold soba noodles on a basket thing called a zaru, and the soba dipping sauce. The dipping sauce is salty and savory. Grab a bite full of noodles, dip the last end into the sauce, and let that end sit in there as you eat the clean noodles from your chopsticks. Enjoy the flavor of the clean noodles and when you get to the sauce soaked part you will enjoy the contrast. When you finish the meal set aside your dipping sauce. They bring the water the soba was cooked in. Pour that water right in the cup up to the top and enjoy it like a soup. Those first sips can be pretty salty so keep adding the soba water to dilute it.I am satisfied with the portion and meal experience here. Although I could see how super hungry people who crave meat in every meal may not be contented.They do have beer here, not bad selection either. They had Asahi, Innis & Gunn and Samuel Smith. Looks great inside too, very comfortable and calm. The music was very good, like loungey rhythm Asian music.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,12/5/2012,72,167,2,9,5>I love Shabu. You can eat so much food for so cheap.This time I had Hot Pot for the first time, which was really fun. They BBQ is always good, and they also have regular entree's. It's really clean, and the staff is incredibly nice. I guess  we've become regulars, and with that they hooked us up w/ mango sticky rice on the house. The first time I showed up here, I left after I found out they didn't have a liqueur license. But, the next time I went I found out you can bring your own. And you know what it's a lot cheaper. (The staff can not open or touch your alcohol of choice, but they will supply the glasses and bottle openers.)They seem to be really good to their customers, and I'll continue to be a regular.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/4/2012,664,612,6,14,16>We had an amazing one year anniversary dinner here!  I made reservations a few months in advance, since the Virtuoso Conference was taking place at Bellagio this week, and the restaurant closes for renovations next week.  Sporting my new necklace, aptly named the Showstopper, Eric R. escorted me to the beautiful Sensi restaurant.  We had Chef Ellamar's food before at a Project Dinner Table a few years ago, but had never been in the restaurant.  I also knew before ever entering that this is one of the most beautiful restaurants in terms of design.  We were seated in a beautiful room at a table facing the glass kitchen - what a great view!Immediately, Sanae, the Head Sommelier, brought us Gruet champagne as a celebratory gesture for our anniversary.  We almost had visited Gruet winery in Albuquerque on Monday, but ran out of time!  I decided to go with the tasting menu, and Eric R. decided to go a la carte.  He ordered the Roll Call appetizer, with a sample of each sushi roll (trout, salmon, tuna, and lobster), and the halibut with corn risotto and charred tomato vinaigrette.  My selections on the tasting menu included the kusshi oyster with ponzu and sriracha, roasted octopus, the Thai diver scallop with jasmine rice and bok choy, kalbi marinated kobe flat iron steak with bone marrow and kimchi with mashed potato, and strawberry shortcake with basil.Our server (I believe his name is Lawrence) was great.  He promised to alternate my courses with Eric's so we could have food at all times and sample each other's.  First, we received the famous bread basket with naan, papadums, cucumber raita, and tomato chutney.  As I anticipated from Misti Y.'s and Bobby Y.'s reviews, we were addicted to the tomato chutney...and refilled the chutney and the basket!  Then, the chef generously sent out oysters for each of us though only I was supposed to get one.  The kusshi are small and flavorful and the sauce was perfect!  Who doesn't love ponzu?  So fresh!  Sanae helped us choose a wine for the meal.  We split a glass of white from Santorini Greece that she recommended, and it was flavorful and easy to drink.Then Eric received his roll call.  He let me try a bite of one with ikura but I wanted him to enjoy his appetizer, which he definitely did.  He loved the tuna roll.  Next, I received my roasted octopus, adorned with fried capers, roasted red pepper, roasted potatoes, and strands of radicchio.  I love grilled octopus and roasted did not disappoint.  The restaurant generously provided potstickers also, which Eric enjoyed.  Then I received my scallop, which had a chile paste flavor (which I love), delicious charred haricort vert, and bok choy with radish sprouts.  The scallop was HUGE and perfectly cooked.  Then, Eric received his halbut (perfectly cooked also) and it was delicious and moist.Next I got my steak which was presented beautifully and secretly pre-sliced which made my life easier!  It was very tasty.  We were so full so we got what was left to go, knowing dessert was next.  Besides my shortcake, the restaurant gave us three other treats: donuts, raspberry-rhubarb mousse, and a chocolate caramel dessert.  Wow!  We were so full.  Then our server gave us chocolates and told us the meal was taken care of already by someone else!  It turns out my parents arranged with Sensi to surprise us!  It was such a shock - we were so surprised.  What a delicious and special experience to cap off a year of wedded bliss!  Thanks to Sensi, especially the manager, sommelier Sanae, our server Lawrence, and Chef Ellamar...and my parents!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,12/3/2012,161,172,23,23,22>Ahhhh my first real sushi-ya.  Ever since i saw the episode of Anthony Bourdain - NoReservations - youtu.be/yuhu4QZJZyw i knew i had to tried this.  Nothing crazy here.  Just some old fashion, traditional sushi ,and darn good if you ask me.   Bonito, Jack Mackerel, Uni with Ikura, and Cherry Salmon to name a few off the Nigiri Omakase. Finish off with a Tamago that taste like pancake and a Negi-toro hand roll.  Of course the Itamae (skilled chef) will ask if you would like to order anything else ala carte before you get to those. Nigiri Omakase is the way to go.  Just let them know if you have any preference or allergies before hand.Avoid the tables at all cost.  Even if you have to sacrifice some friends.  Cast them off, tell them lies, do whatever it takes to diminish the group size.  I made a mistake the first time i came around because i joined a party of 4 at the table. Good company ;however, i've missed out on the show.  The last couple time I was fortunate enough to sit at the bar, granted I called 30min prior to closing if they would take in one more resv.   Yea, I'm that guy BUT i take care of my peeps.Timing is a somewhat crucial. The server informed me that sushi taste different when served from Itamae directly as opposed to table service because of amount of time the fish and rice are exposed to the air temperature.   It's highly recommended that you eat when you are served.  Like straight off the chef's hands if possible.  Calling in for a reservation? How about call in and reserve fresh fishy? Yup, they take special request like that too, but i would imagine you have to be with in the "in" crowd to be able to call dibs on those prized catch.  Not to worry though, fishes are flown in daily so there's always going to be something for everyone.Now that they just got their liquor license, i'm not certain if you can still BYOB.  Servers are quite knowledgeable about their sake. They even suggest champagne with your meal.  Upsale perhaps??Well then go ahead. Take it!  TAKE MY MONEY!!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/2/2012,533,627,1,11,9>I've got a secret. Mr. Lucky's has a secret $7.77 special that features steak, mashed potatoes, shrimp on a stick, and salad. This secret special has been around for years.   The steak ranges from average to good. On my most recent visit parts of the steak were hard. And the mashed potatoes could of used gravy. If I were paying Bellagio prices this would negatively impact the rating. With a beverage and tip the $7.77 special adds up to approximately $14. In Vegas this is a value.   What isn't a secret is that Mr. Lucky's is the Hard Rock Hotel's [HRH] main restaurant. It is the go-to place when you want a meal or snack in HRH. Because it is in HRH, the music overhead rocks.  Contrary to some of the Strip casino cafes, Mr. Lucky's is expanding. There are additional tables and menu options. Recently they added to their Chinese food selection.   It isn't a secret that when restaurants offer a secret steak and shrimp special with decent service for $7.77, that a Yelper will give it 4 stars.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,12/1/2012,400,1236,8,12,12>My tummy and my wallet just did a happy dance together!For $5.50, I got a lunch and it was fantastic. I ordered the yellow curry with steamed rice. They offer fried or brown as well. For that price, you also get a wonton or an eggroll. I went with the eggroll, although it was nothing to write home about. If you dine in there is a free Thai iced tea with check-in. This is a must. You'd think the best part about this meal would be the price, but no, the food is actually really tasty as well. The flavors were well-developed and they weren't overly sweet or spicy. I ordered a spice level 6 to err on the side of caution and it had a nice kick. I'll definitely amp up the spice level on my next visit. I'm looking forward to trying their other lunch specials as well. Looking over the rest of the menu their prices are pretty good overall. They have a specials board and every one of them sounded delicious. The restaurant is tiny. Only about four or five tables of two, so be advised. They also deliver within a three-mile radius. Unfortunately for me, I'm well outside of that. Great little lunch spot in a very unassuming mini mall.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,11/30/2012,524,777,3,12,10>IF you are thinking of going to Serendipity DO NOT, come here instead.If you like the Cheesecake factory you will like this place.With 3 major differences:  1) they have a wide selection of crepes which I suggest the ratatouille crepe as it's fab and priced right at $13 2) they have a plethora of sugary sweet stuff that are served in glasses and called one of my favorite words "martini"3) they have breakfast everyday of the week till like 1 or somethingIt's located on the strip, there's an outside dining option, and there's typically a small wait.Also, the Bloody Mary's are deliciously devine, so if you need a big girl cocktail that's my suggestion.  This place is also Kid approved in my book!  It's also very loud and the bar tends to get backed up, so it will take you longer than you would like for your cocktail, so order that right away!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,11/29/2012,328,389,14,15,15>"The Quest for the Berlin Wall"My husband and I had just gotten out of the Smith Center after seeing a matinee of the musical "Memphis."  We made a wrong turn and found ourselves approaching Fremont and all the neon casinos that come with it.  While multi-tasking directions to my husband and trying to find a dinner spot on my phone I noticed the sign for Main Street Station.  "Oh! I just found out that there's a chunk of the Berlin Wall in a men's bathroom in there.  We should stop in sometime and check it out," I said with phone in hand trying to find the number Triple George Grille.  Next thing I know, I felt a giant shift in direction as my husband pulled into the parking garage at the last second.  After locating a spot, my husband turns to me and says, "What?!"We walk inside and my husband has one mission on his mind: find the Berlin Wall.  He finds the first security guard he comes across and asks for directions.  We are given a once over, looking like wide-eyed tourists who came in too dressed up for a Saturday afternoon Downtown (remember, we were at the Smith Center earlier).  "I'll take you there," the security guard said and we started to follow him.  I was under the impression that he was worried I would try to go into the bathroom (I wasn't) and he wanted to make sure no shenanigans were going to be taking place.My husband chatted up the security guard on the way and mentioned to him how we were locals and just found out about this randomly-placed historical artifact.  The security guard had a noticeable change in demeanor and became chatty with my husband.  Next thing I know, he tells me to wait a minute while he makes sure the coast is clear.  I was going to see the Berlin Wall too!After telling some peeved regulars who wanted to use the facilities to hang on a second, he let me inside.  There, with four urinals attached, was a giant piece of the Berlin Wall.  Thankfully it is covered with Plexiglas so no one can get any silly ideas about peeing on the actual wall.  I am now the proud owner of a picture of myself, the Berlin Wall, and a urinal.This is why I love Las Vegas.On a side note (I should be reviewing the actual casino after all), I was taken aback by how beautiful this casino is.  Old chandeliers, furniture, paintings, etc really set this casino apart from the rest.  Things here are so old when compared to the rest of this town that it puts off a spooky vibe I don't get too often.  I liked it!My husband and I will definitely be back to spend more time enjoying the casino and the other historical pieces it offers.  And we've now found another "Random Vegas" spot to take our visitors when in town!I'm going with 5 stars for the Berlin Wall alone (but I might be a history nerd).
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,11/28/2012,135,365,4,6,6>Kudos to Yuhi for finding this hidden gem.I came here for lunch on a warm day, so the place was pretty empty. I opted for the lamb hot pot, but maybe I should have gone for the free range chicken like the waitress recommended. I also ordered a set of beef skewers.The hot pot came out first and it was a pretty good size for the price. There wasn't a lot of lamb, but there was a lot of other stuff: mushrooms, pork blood, mushrooms, krab.  Along with the bowl of purple rice, I was definitely full at the end. The broth was nicely flavored, not too salty, and not too spicy. However, there is a self-service sauce station hidden around the corner if you feel the hot pot is lacking anything. While the hot pot was good, the beef skewers were another story sadly. Although the flavor was authentic and tasty, there was very, very little meat. Mostly fat and gristle. Skewers of tongue meat might be the best bet. Service was quick and pleasant. My ice tea was refilled regularly. No sweetner, only simple syrup. I am definitely looking forward to returning, especially when the weather turns colder.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,11/27/2012,433,1034,4,7,8>We all could use a little happiness in our lives and I tend to be a little bit happier between the hours of 4pm-7pm everyday. The only requirement is that you sit in the lounge. Besides that, Paymon's has a ridiculously large array of finger foods and drink specials. All of their specialty cocktails, wines by the glass, and mixed drinks are half off. $4 will get you a Babylon Spice. One cannot go wrong with a mixture of ginger and coconut milk. It is rather heavy and I can only drink one before going to something else, but it is a nice starter drink. This night, my friend and I ordered the falafels, dolmas with meat, Athen's fries (or better known as crack fries), babaganoush, and a pesto pizza with mushrooms and bell peppers. A few drinks and all of this food only came out to $28. We were still able to pack up a box to go. Besides all the food and drinks specials, they do half off of hookah as well.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,11/26/2012,322,285,6,9,7>You just gotta love QUEENS. Dressed in their finest, and grooving with their diva attitudes, best believe you'll have yourself a good time with these ladies! Their offerings, and deals are just too good to be true. The breakdown for Sunday's special:No cover$1 draft$2 wells$2 snacks$1 bowling$1 per hour of billiardsFree board games (I saw Twister and Connect 4)So...I spent a good deal of my time there drinking cheap beer and wells and then sobering up with a fairly decent sized amount of those $2.00 nachos. These nachos aren't nachos with small portions. It was a big portion with a very good helping or cheese and jalapenos. The venue is so fun and retro! They have these cool private lanes with seats to seclude your party. So it feels like a VIP bowling lane. They have fun lights and a big screen with cool light graphics to get you in the party mood. They also have this super cool private game room with HUGE projector screens and a lounge area for you play video games if you wanted. There's also a really cool dance floor and an awesome DJ that spins the best top 40 hits so you could boom boom shake shake and drop what your mama say on the floor. If you're running out of dance moves, fear no more because the dazzling divas put on an hourly show to show you what their working with.I had a great time and the service was fabulous. While I think it's nifty that they use Ipads to ring everyone up, I didn't quite know what to do to keep a tab open since I had card or leave tip, but later on I finally figured it out. heehee.I walked away that night fun drunk with friends only spending a whopping $25.00 plus tip on billiards, snacks, and drnks! Thanks Ladies!!!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/25/2012,183,95,8,18,10>Yum! Bibimbap is a traditional korean dish that is similar to fried rice (except this is not fried). A bowl usually has chopped lettuce, cucumbers, kimchee, and a choice of your meat such as beef, seafood or raw meat. Yes, RAW MEAT. You might be thinking, "OMG, is that safe??" Why would they serve it if it wasn't? Koreans have been eating it for ages so don't worry you won't die :). Known as Uyk-He bibimbap in Korean, it is very delicious. At under $10, I highly recommend this bowl. Usually a Uyk-He restaurant in Korea will charge close to $50-60 easy for a plate of Uyk-He. Although this place serves it in smaller portions, it is definitely worth the money and compliments the bibimbap well.I believe the owner of Honey Pig owns Bibimbap because it's joined together. Why else would two restaurants tear down the walls and connect each other? You can see Bibimbap just opened because the place is pretty empty and has almost zero decor. Also the service is border-line slow. We were the only customers and it took us a while to place our order and get our food. I don't even know if Bibimbap has their own servers/wait staff because someone from Honey Pig walked over and took our orders. I guess they are still working out the kinks. I was a little hesitant to note this as a "New Business" because it feels like an expansion by Honey Pig, but they are branding themselves as a Bibimbap restuarant so we'll see where it goes.Regardless, the only information YOU need at the moment is, get your butt over there and try some bibimbap!
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,11/24/2012,145,143,18,10,10>Ode to Monta's Pork Belly Bowlcue violinHey, I just ate you, and this is crazy... but here's my hunger , so feed me maybe?   All of the ramen bowls, try to tempt me, but here's my chopsticks, so feed me maybe?  Yeah this will probably be out of date by the time I hit submit review, but I'll deal with it.   I've been to Monta several times since it opened, and the first 8 or 9 times I stuck with getting various ramen.  Of those my favorite quickly became the Tonkotsu as I really enjoyed the creaminess of it.  I did like the other two as well, but always found myself going back to Tonkotsu.  As a quick aside, I actually found the Tonkotsu-Shoyu to be my least favorite.  The pork was always tender and tasty, and I would almost always get an egg added and I tried most of the other additions as well.   I personally didn't find many of them to be worth the extra cost to add, though I did like the Mustard Leaf on occasion.  For an appetizer I had the Gyoza a few times and found them to be very good examples, but not extraordinary at the same time.   Then one day I decided to split a pork belly bowl with a friend as an appetizer.  Game change.   It's seriously all I think about when I think of Monta now.  As much as I enjoyed the Ramen whenever I'd had it, it took a backseat to this dish in my heart and stomach.  Currently saving up for an engagement ring.  Pork Belly Bowl will make a lovely bride.Service is always friendly if a little rushed, and I always thought the overall price was decent.Still need to try Anime and Sora so no comparison on Ramens unfortunately, but unless they have Pork Belly Bowl on their menu, it might not matter.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,11/23/2012,236,327,4,6,6>I was SO looking forward too Lola ever since I seen it on DDD and only hearing great things about the place from friends gone. The thing craving most was good true authentic Po Boy. You see them around town but all the ones ever tasted not mention names but horrible. I always felt starts with the bread if bread not true then say got problems. The bread was perfect. I got full dressing with my soft shell Po Boy option but well recommend it comes with the sauce/ shredded lettuce, sliced tomatoes and the Soft Shell were MONSTERS. LIterally two on sandwich where just one alone more then half the size of the bread. It fried too perfection. All other Po Boys had not enough of protein order in the sandwich and all taste not as fresh. Lola the soft shell crab sure fresh just on size of them. The fries were good. I really looking forward too Po Boy once realize huge portion you got had no room for the fries. Still eat half! They have five or six of them on the menu. You can count on me going back not only try more Po Boy but so many other things want try jambalaya, gumbo, and goes on and on. The atmosphere if very much New Orleans flair from the Saints decorations, I love independent family run business feel, such small place probably hold less then hundred people, and seeing Lola active walking around the restaurant or going in the back cooking it up and talking guest refreshing see in restaurant owner cares. She greeted me walk in and nice person cool see on tv then in person. It was pretty packed so good thing just me. I sat at the bar even that is about as small as it gets think eight seats or less. It not bar bar but bartender was really nice guy. Talking stories with him at times. If anything you get too see them grill off bread serve too the tables for entertainment. Do have widescreen there too just saying. I huge fan of Lola. Without doubt for me if want TRUE too the HEART creole or new orleans cooking Lola is only place too go. Make sure if go busy times might  want put reservation really small restaurant.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,11/22/2012,135,529,5,9,9>This review is for the new Sunday brunch menu, recently started at Anthem and Summerlin location. About 14 menu items, tapas style priced between $2-5 and also a drink menu that includes $20 all you can drink from anything on the menu. Every item I tasted I loved, but my favorites were the patatas bravas, lemon-ricotta pancakes and huevos rancheros. Only reason I knocked off a star is, I could easily rack up a $40 bill ordering the same thing a couple times, kinda dangerous. I did enjoy my food, I would return if I were craving Spanish tapas for brunch again.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,11/21/2012,519,1603,6,20,12>This was one of the best dining experiences I've had.  I've been going to try Twist for awhile and I went there last night for a special meal.  I got the 6 course chef's tasting menu.  I made a reservation for 6 PM, the time they open. I was going to Blue Man Group later and I wanted to have plenty of time for a relaxed dinner and time to get to the show.David took my order after answering some questions I had about the menu--a menu I had poured over online.  He was a great help.There were five canapés delivered shortly after.  They're small and they were quite interesting in flavor and execution.  They were in/on three items.  My favorite was the salad of watermelon and dragon fruit, passion fruit, and basil.  A close second was the paprika-tomato meringue with smoked salmon and black olive agar.  The almond and ginger sable was none too shabby either.  All 5 were excellent!The first course was glazed Skate with red miso water, spring vegetables and Paris mushroom duxelle.The second course consisted of the 3 small bites--a grilled prawn on spinach velouté with garlic and parmesan.  The second bite was a piece of lobster with poached turnip, toasted sesame, and bisque.  The third portion was a cold, soft-boiled egg with Ossetra caviar in the yolk on a bed of marinated clams, red ahi tuna, and cuttlefish.Course three was Mediterranean John Dory with pink pepper, fine foie gras tart and baby artichokes.The fourth course was a palate cleanser.  It was a champagne sorbet which had some salted cucumber and a Campari soaked Red Beet.  I was blown away by the cucumber and sorbet combination.  Fantastic!Course five was Sonoma Valley Duck Breast with Alexia Potato, berries on a piquillo pepper reduction, and Bigarrde sauce.  The duck was excellent and the tart fruit with the pepper reduction--another superb flavor pairing!The last course was dessert which consisted of 5 different small desserts.  They were a coffee panna cotta with Bailey's, Kahlua, Coffee Gelée and lime sorbet.  Almond-Frangipane cake with lemon-Krisch syrup.  A third was strawberry soup with raspberry and basil, and a "Bella Vista" granité.  Then a fresh coconut tartlet with iced coconut, cilantro, and celery curls.  The last was a chocolate ganache.  As with the entire meal, the flavors developed in the desserts was wonderful!  Coconut, cilantro and celery--who would have thought?Service was excellent all evening, even when things became quite busy.  When my iced tea got low, a server brought me a new glass and switched the two.  I didn't have to ask, it was just done.  A funny example, when things weren't so busy, I sneezed.  Within a few moments, a server was at the table with a box of Kleenex.  Service with a smile and funny!  The same server also brought me a small Mandarin Oriental bag with a copy of all the menu items.  He had heard me mention to one of the servers that I'd never remember all the things.  The server wanted to make sure I had something to remind me.  Classy!The restaurant is very classy and the view is excellent.  I was there during daylight and dined long enough to enjoy seeing the lights come on along the Boulevard!  I wore a jacket and tie--their website requests that men wear jackets.  Most came dressed with business casual.Truly a wonderful dinner, about 2 1/2 hours.  It's worth the cost for the chance to try some unique foods in a unique setting with superb service!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,11/20/2012,816,286,19,18,13>Four stars for the show, ZERO stars for the lame-ass, zombiefied audience of lifeless bluehairs. This show would totally rock if they made like Tony-N-Tina's Wedding and just HIRED some energetic young people to sit in the crowd and applaud, cheer, laugh and interact. As it was, it was almost painful at times watching the fabulously energetic performers struggle to engage the sea of dead-eyed fannypackers. Greatest generation? I THINK NOT!!The four impersonators are pretty good, and give a fun, feisty performance -- that sort of falls flat without the synergy of a fun audience. The live orchestra is fabulous -- full brass section, upright bass, piano and drums -- and overall, the production does a fantastic time of making you feel like it's 1962 all over again. "Joey Bishop" tells some fantastically retro racist and sexist jokes, Dino plies the boozy shtick, and Sammy does his earnest/creepy thing...all as expected.  But the Frank Sinatra character was WAY better than I expected -- not only does he look and sound like him, he also plays the dago gentleman-thug thing to a TEE! I really feel for these guys -- they're super talented, but their fabulousness is wasted on their decrepit audience. What say we all band together and go out for Mad Men night? I'll wear my Pan Am stewardess costume, you wear your skinny tie. We'll order up some martinis, light up cigarettes at the table, and guffaw loudly through the entire show. And when the bluehairs (or ushers) complain, we'll tell 'em: "Put a cork in it, sister!"Whaddaya say?!!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,11/19/2012,151,174,4,6,5>Please know if you're following Google maps, this place isn't located along the strip mall facing Sahara. There's an entranceway to the shops in the BACK in order to get there. I spent 10 minutes trying to figure this out. The area is obviously one of the older areas of Las Vegas when it comes to strip malls, so you're going to be put off at first on location. Once you get inside, the scenery is a little more appealing than what's outside. Came for lunch, there was barely anyone there and we got seated fast. The menus are made out of wood, and is huge! There's a number of items you can choose from, and there are meat dishes for those who aren't part of the vegetarian/vegan lifestyle. We ordered the fried egg rolls, which were a little smaller than expected. I felt for the time we were there with barely any people there, our food took longer than expected to arrive, but I figured in preparation it was well worth the wait.We ordered the orange tofu, vegetarian pad thai, and a vegetable rice dish our server suggested to try. Everything was outstanding, and there were so much leftovers my friend and I both left with a full box for takeout! Service was great, my water was constantly refilled and the server was kind to answer any questions about the menu.Eager to return to try more vegetarian/vegan options out. Komol truly gives the definition of a great hole in the wall restaurant in Vegas.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2012,11/18/2012,1110,542,7,14,12>Wow! Thanks LVYELP for all the great reviews!I love trying new places!Today I made my way to Yassou for the first time with one of my besties.We ordered 3 appetizers and a main entree and shared everything. $30 for 2 people for lunch is reasonable! Everything we had was delicious! I'm a fan of their pita bread and hummus!I found my new favorite greek spot for lunch in the city! I will come back! My gf and I both agreed YGGC rocks!Love it! If you're in the area or visiting the city and looking for greek food... come here! no regrets!great customer service, no problem with seating (indoor/outdoor) or parking, affordable!-Miss Yelp 2012
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,11/17/2012,95,88,12,11,11>"Hot Dough in So Faux"When I was a kid in upstate New York every Saturday was pizza night. Dad would call Jocko's in East Rochester and order a large pepperoni and a large green pepper. Ten minutes later we'd pile into the Chrysler Newport and forge through snow, rain or sleet to get them. Once back home Dad would set up the bridge table for Sis and I and the two of us would watch TV in one room while Mom and Dad watched in another. My sister and I would watch Emergency and the parents would watch Lawrence Welk or something. It was always fun and each of us looked forward to it every week.Well, these days I live in So Faux, Nevada, aka Las Vegas, where precipitation is almost as rare as an occupied strip mall.Dad's Chrysler is gone and I drive a Crown Vic LX with leather interior, known city-wide as THE Chick Magnet.I have a bridge table in a closet somewhere but I usually eat dinner over the sink.And Saturday night television? Usually whatever movie is on HBO or Showtime if I'm feeling too cheap to order Butt Sluts on PPV.Sadly, take-out pizza is no longer a weekly affair. Somewhere along the line I started buying frozen pies at Smith's. Some of them aren't too bad, you know. DiGiorno, Freschetta and Paul Newman's come to mind. Even Tombstone makes it into my oven sometimes.Yet every so often I miss the days of take-out pizza on Saturdays. It just isn't the same with frozen pies, metal sinks and Butt Sluts. And on those certain days when I long for both yesteryear and fresh goodness, I pick up the phone and call Metro. And do you know what? It's always the same: One large pizza. Half pepperoni, half green pepper.My mouth waters as I drive the Crown Vic LX with leather interior down 215. And after parking THE Chick Magnet I'm always warmly welcomed as I stride into Metro Pizza, usually by two bubblicious brunettes with scintillating smiles. The brunettes even offer me complimentary soda if I'm early, and they ALWAYS ooh and ahh over the Crown Vic LX with leather interior. I just smile and say thanks and pay the 22 bucks. I even beep the horn as I leave the Metro lot, the brunettes at the window blowing kisses as I fade into the night.Sigh.They pine for me.(Or is it just the car?)But, alas, they cannot have me(or the car), for my heart belongs to Butt Sluts.The scent of hot pizza drives me wild as I traverse home, so much so that I frequently open the windows regardless of the weather. Desert wind tears at my thick mane, the drivers beside me jealous of my looks, locks and LX.Upon returning home I do what many consider unthinkable: I place the pizza, cardboard and all, inside a 250 degree oven. I like my pizza hot, and thou shalt not microwave Metro.On occasion I blister my mouth but do not care. It's worth it. The chewy crust is to die for and I love fresh pepper slabs, the pepperoni reminscent of those sub-zero Saturday nights near Lake Ontario. I even forego the sink when I consume Metro and sit at my cherrywood table, sprinkling slices with oregano and red pepper, staring at the telly and wondering if Jocko's is still there. I suppose I could find out but I prefer not to know. I might be saddened if it wasn't, or disappointed if it wasn't good anymore. I even scan the channels for Emergency and Lawrence Welk. But I never find either. Probably just as well. Someone once said the past is in the past because that's where it belongs. Perhaps they're right.Anyway, when I'm done eating I always have enough for another meal, which usually means brunch the next morning. Sometimes I eat it cold, sometimes I heat it in the oven. Depends on my mood and the temperature outside. But rest assured, it's always as good the following morning as it was the night before.Even if Butt Sluts or Lawrence Welk isn't playing.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,11/16/2012,425,246,5,12,10>4 Stars...as a Sports Bar!Refreshingly good selection of draft and craft beers!  Lots of big screens!  Incredible bartenders!...on at least two occasion anyway...Come here for a quality sports bar on the strip with well above average beer selections and some tasty food options.  Come here to watch the big game...especially if you are placing a bet and need a casino to do so.  I would much rather watch the game here with great beer and good food than in a sports book.  Also, come here if you are staying at the the Luxor and need some more reasonable strip dinner prices.The name throws me a bit...I was hoping for a traditional public house throwback.  The sports bar feel is not the typical bar I am looking for unless I am with a group of friends watching the game.  The Public House  does it well though.  I posted a couple of pictures of their beer menu...not your typical sports bar varieties.  Some might even call it a best of Yard House type selection.Some highlights were the Philly Cheesesteak Spring Rolls (although again the names are killing me a little bit....In America we tend to use "Spring Roll" to refer to soft rice paper wrapped rolls more often than fried won ton wrapped rolls...why not just call them crunchy Philly Cheessteak Rolls?...delicious non-the-less.)  The bartender suggested a side of the honey bourbon sauce for dipping...this was a good choice since bark would taste great dipped in this sauce!  I was also a fan of the the hummus plate.  It comes with a great plate of items, rather than just hummus and pita.  The olive and red pepper salad on the hummus plate is great!...there is also feta and cucumbers!  The filet mingon sliders rock.  You get three sliders with tender chunks of filet mingon.  I ordered mine with sweet potato fries and was quite pleased.The mac-n-cheese squares are fired squares of mac-n-cheese.  There are a little dry on their own, but they come with an amazing side of chilpolte ranch...so if you dredge the squares through the chipolte ranch something special happens in your mouth...although something not-so-special probably also happens around your waist.I want to try the pulled pork next time.It was a bit loud with Monday Night Football on for my usual liking.  I wouldn't come here during any big games unless I was into the game.  The sports bar atmosphere also leaves me wanting generally speaking.  That being said, as a sports bar goes they do a great job at Public House!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,11/15/2012,64,304,4,10,9>Excellent little tucked away corner of Japanese styled paradise. The bill tends to add up as you're tempted by low prices and a variety of tasty treats so be sure to take advantage of any specials or deals they have going on. Aburi Shime SabaSeared Mackerel with yuzu ponzu sauce  - Absolutely amazing the natural flavors of the mackerel that's been lightly touched by a blue flame then served with a side of tangy ponzu sauce. Absolutely amazing Chicken Garlic PonzuStir fried chicken with Garlic Ponzu - When Anthony M recommended this i wondered why. Who goes to a Japanese place and gets stir-fried chicken?? Holy Moley  this breast is divinity served with am amazing sauce. The chicken breast is still juicy and tender while the dry rub and garlic ponzu sauce just kick it up a few notches. NICE! Salmon Ikura DonSalmon and Ikura (Salmon raw) on bowl of rice - Our waitress put this order in when all i wanted was a salmon rice ball. In the end i just decided to eat it anyway seeing as i was a bit hungry that night. Not exactly what i ordered but hell i didnt complain. Only thing i can point out is based on personal preference, would have been nice of the salmon slices were chilled a bit more.SKEWERS!!Negi MaChicken Meat with Onion- Think it's hunks of breast meat but man when you bite into that grilled onion wooo makes it all worth it.SasamiChicken breast- Very nice, nicely seasoned with a bit of salt but grilled to perfection. Still juicy on the inside and perfectly tender. KawaChicken skin - Good thing Tony T was also with us to point out a few techniques and methods. According to him the chicken skins had the fat rendered out so it's just all skin. If you're going to order this be sure to get it sauced (Shio). Sauced makes it so much better than salted.TsukuneGround Chicken and pork (Tare/Shio) - Ground meat reformed on a stick! Good stuff couldnt identify what kind of herb was used to add additional flavor but sure glad they did it. Anything Wrapped in Bacon- The asparagus wrapped in bacon was good. Very high quality bacon they use and they sure know how to grill it. Perfectly cooked and nice and crispy. The bacon wrapped Enoki mushrooms on the other hand was perfect. ShishitoJapanese pepper - If you havent had these yet give them a try. Wonderful flavor and Jin C's favorite. Who else orders 6 skewers?!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,11/14/2012,213,80,9,11,10>Sometimes, it is a superb pain to find a decent nail tech that actually does great job.  I don't think I am that peaky on food In general but I'm extremely careful choosing the right nail salon...After talking with my friend(she is a royal customer for a long time at Dana's Nail & Spa), I thought I should intervene for the sake of all mankind.  I've seen my friend's mani/pedis done by a lady name, Elaine... I thought she has done some pretty good job.  But I asked my friend if her set of new acrylic nails are lifting easily after one or two weeks or so.  She replied, " Not at all, Jieun., that is one of many reasons that I drive all the way across town to get my nails done!":-)  I've been coming here ever since my friend has recommended.  I have tried with other technicians at the salon and they've been as good as Elaine.  I usually get Pink & Sparkling Pearl White fill.  They also have  some vibrant color of powdered acrylic for the french tips that you can choose.  I've been trying out all different color of glitters for this summer and I got a lot of  great compliments by people.  If you want to have your nails done by Elaine & like to request a certain time of the day, you need to make an appointment at least a week before...  Usually she is all booked for all six days (off Sundays) a week!!  She is a very busy lady :DOnce in a while, I feel rushed  or a little bit delayed because of her lined up scheduled customers like has happened in many other salons.  But I'm all looking for a quality nails done and I am OK with it.  Well, I'll be walking out the salon feeling pampered & confident again next week, oh yeah!!**Elaine is off to surgery and won't be back til sometime in early September.  Her last day of work is 26th of July.  I want to wish her the best of luck.. Keep her in Prayers**
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,11/13/2012,238,333,3,6,4>Angel Park! I love it here!! We live walking distance so on cool nights we come and play here!What I really like about this park is that its upkeep is very good! I never ever see it dirty or ?tagged? up like other playgrounds. Its spacious and has that bouncy corkboard type floor which is great on the feet and also if a child falls, no boo boos! Lol.The playground is compatible for both small children and toddlers on up! It has a great jungle gym for the bigger children and a pretty stellar one for the younger ones as well. Typically you sre one slide for the 5 and under but this one has 2! A straight one and twisty one! It also offers a climbing wall-esque thing and some baby type swings. It also has surf boards you have to try to balance on and these cool twisty seats!Here they have many seating areas for the parents as well as water fountains, and even a water fountain for the doggies!The only downside is there is no bathroom, but thats pretty much it! Come here to have a nice non crowded place to bring the chitlins!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,11/11/2012,1742,366,9,20,12>Open 24/7 for all menu items, breakfast, lunch, dinner, desserts and more!I have not dined at Peppermill in 14 years, it was time to get my ass back to check it out to see if it was just as good as I had remembered! I live in Las Vegas so I can and will be able to enjoy this Restaurant on a regular basis now. This Restaurant Rocks! A total Gem in Las Vegas as there is no place like it!The prices are fair considering the large portion of food you get. You are guaranteed to walk out stuffed so be hungry!The scoop on what we got!*All omelets are served with hash browns AND your choice of toast, english muffin, blueberry muffin, bran muffin or toasted bagel with cream cheese. Her-Denver Omelet, 7 eggs at least, full of fresh diced ham, bell pepper and onion served with hashed browns, and choice of bread so I opted for a bagel with cream cheese. Even their own menu says "Huge omelets" and they are not joking! I was defeated for the first time in history in having to leave 1/3 of my omelet behind as that is a first! My omelet was cooked to perfection and so tasty, my tastebuds creamed in my mouth this meal was soooo good! $11.95*Whole sandwiches served with choice of potato salad, french fries, cottage cheese, onion rings or fruit cup. Sweet potato fries for $1.00 more. I think it is awesome they don't charge more for onion rings like most places do!Him-Conquest sandwich w/onion rings. Combination of roast beef, cheddar cheese, tomato, sauteed peppers, onions, mushrooms, thousand island dressing and bacon served on a grilled Parmesan sourdough. $12.95Added salad for $2.95 and they have the best homemade ranch dressing I have ever had. I could drink a cup of it as it is that good!Added side of potato salad. $3.95Refills on our iced tea and soda were plentiful!During our meal a guy came over to our table and took a complimentary photo of us! A free 4x6 photo souvenir is a really nice touch as the photo was printed with the Peppermill background, soooo cute! We had a blast eating here, it was just a really fun experience all together! It looks like a night club on the inside, really fun!The Interior is dark and cozy! The service was good as well, they do take care of you!We will be back very soon! Can't wait!I am so happy I am a Vegas local who can enjoy this restaurant whenever I want!It was just as good as I remembered when I ate here 14 years ago with my family during our visit to Las Vegas. This was my boyfriend's first time eating here and he truly enjoyed his food and experience!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,11/10/2012,274,107,3,8,4>So I went here with the family after going on a hoover dam boat tour.I couldn't decide what I wanted to eat because there were a few sandwiches on the menu that sounded so good. I decided to go with the Tuscany sandwich and I made the right decision.  It has Salami, pepperoni, provolone, basil pesto mayo, roasted peppers and romaine lettuce on a tomato focaccia. Im a fan of all those meats The Basil pesto mayo was just mouth watering and the bread just melted in my mouth. By far one of the best sandwiches Ive ever had. All the sandwiches are served with a pickle spear, grapes, and a choice of Lay's Potato chips, potato salad, or Terra chips. The restaurant its self Is nicely decorated with a few different wines on display, we choice to eat outside which was a very nice experience.The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the service was not so great and  there wasn't anything to accommodate my 4 year old son as far as food options.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,11/9/2012,207,584,3,12,4>OMG! I seriously cant NOT say enough good things about this place. I LOVE Dana, I love SAmanatha and I love the staff! The owner, Jolee, (I'm so sorry I dont think I'm spelling it correct) are AMAZING. Here's the deal-e-yo. I called on Saturday and asked about the prices on hair coloring vs. hair correction. We spoke a bit but suggested I come in. They said it's a free consultation for that. They asked when I was available and I assumed since it was Saturday they'd be booked until Monday. She said "Come in today, we have staff available". Whaaaat? On a Saturday? Are they kidding? Aweeeeesome! So I get there a bit early and everyone is ready to help me. My color stylist, DANA (who TOTALLY rocks BTW) comes over and ASKS me what I want. Something most stylists dont do. They do what THEY think will look good versus what YOU want. So I totally LOVE her. She spent SO much time with me. We went through books and had several conversations about what I wanted and it seemed like I kept contradicting myself. She was incredibly patient with me. She was amazing. She didnt get annoyed and just dump something on my head to shut me up! Oh, before I forget, I was offered water, soda and wine. I took them up on their wine offer. I had Samantha AND Dana working on my hair. I felt like a movie star! My hair came out great! I am so happy. BEYOND happy. THIS is the place I will go to from now on from ALL my hair stuff. Now, I am NOT a hair person. I just want it cut and leave me alone. This place is seriously making me re-think that. Every single person I encountered in this salon was beyond amazing. I couldn't ask for more and my hair came out FANTASTIC! Thank you thank you thank you DANA! And Samantha! I am super super happy! This is 5 star ALL THE WAY!!!!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,11/8/2012,44,155,9,13,10>This gem of a fine dining experience (with a casual dress code) sits deceptively tucked next to a Subway/Winchell's in an office park. "I think it may be closed," said Mike, as we parked the car and took in the dark windows. We realized someone was inside but, taking in this modest exterior and the lone man at the door, we already feared the awkwardness of leaving if we didn't like the look of the menu. The menu is described as seasonal, and unfortunately it isn't officially available online, but on this night it was very similar to what websites have posted. We decided to stay.And as we stepped behind the wall, we could only laugh at ourselves from 60 seconds before. Although the atmosphere was pleasant and calm, any later on this Saturday evening and we might've needed reservations. It was easy for this vegetarian and her picky husband to find interesting items to eat. (Although I wish a meatless pasta option had been available on this occasion.) Our server had such a welcoming demeanor that I didn't mind listening to him describe the specials (and I do mean describe). He lovingly outlined three appetizers, two salads, and three main dishes. (And, later, three desserts, but desserts deserve their own paragraph.)We started with one of the special appetizers, shishito peppers and pepper aioli. I still don't know how I feel about sauteed shishitos, but they were fun to try. The amount of bitterness varied quite a bit from pepper to pepper, but they were so expertly prepared that the bitterness was possibly a feature.The bread basket (two walnut slices, two aromatic white) looked like its contents might be a bit dry or tough, but neither was the case. The bread is subtly tasty, but I strongly recommend not filling up on it as there is so much else to try. (So don't be a doof like me and agree to a refill.)Mike and I both ordered salads: his a simple mixed greens affair, mine arugula with candied walnuts, pears, goat cheese, and citrus vinaigrette. The dressing was bright and pleasing (I sound like Alex Guarnaschelli), and the salad was delicious overall, although I didn't quite taste any special treatment of the walnuts. One thing I appreciates is that the (again, excellent) servers timed everything well, so we really got to enjoy our salads. Lately, everywhere we go, we seem to be a third of the way through the salad when suddenly the main course shows up. Is this a new thing? If so, Table 34 has successfully dodged this trend.For our main dishes, Mike got the special baby back ribs with apple-cucumber slaw, Cajun fries, and a slice of watermelon. I chose the wild mushroom pizza. My other vegetarian options were a different pizza (margherita style) or a vegetable and eggplant stack with two cheeses. Mmmm. Tangy. Herby. Cheesy. Scented. Mmmmm. Every bite was a winner. (I was too blissed to listen to my husband exclaim wonder at how the meat just fell off his ribs.) The pizza style is somewhat Napolitan, a short, puffy edge with a thin base. However, no part of it was soggy, which is too often my complaint with thin pizzas. Even Settebello, a quality establishment, disappoints me with their wet middles. This pizza had all of that same taste of quality ingredients while not requiring that I get out a spoon once an inch away from the outer crust.That said, I did eat some of the cheesier parts of my pizza with a knife and fork, conscious of my surroundings. Patron dress was everything from button-down shirts and smart blouses to casual shorts and sandals, and I'd happily visit again in jeans, but the upscale vibe and atmosphere just naturally nudges you into not being a heathen. (And if it doesn't, hopefully you have a wife to nudge you into taking your elbows off the table. My husband will recognize the value of my nagging someday, I'm sure. Perhaps during the eulogy.)I only ate two of the smaller pieces of pizza because I *had* to see what the chef would do for dessert. One of the assisting servers boxed my pizza (in a traditional pizza box, even), and we were presented with the dessert menus and the three specials.Thank goodness for those specials because one of them was a tasting trio of three of the desserts: vanilla bean creme brulee with berries, flourless chocolate cake with raspberry coulis, and lime tart with pecan crust and lemon curd. The clear choice!The waiter brought a spoon and a fork for each of us, in case we wanted to share. (Mike swore that he was too full.) And, not to be fixated on cutlery, but the dessert spoons were perfect! Long handles, small bowls - okay, maybe this is my lonely fetish, but expect a photo to be uploaded shortly.Each item was outstanding. I can't even pick a favourite. None were unusually fancy, but again, you could taste the sound ingredients and skillful preparation. Suffice to say that my "too full" husband and I were soon engaged in a spoon fight to claim territory on the plate.I wonder what's on the lunch menu...
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/7/2012,342,580,9,17,17>Now that my recent 3-star reviews are out of the way, I can share a new, surprisingly enjoyable find before I enter a short period of temporary hibernation.  The place is Oscar's Beef  Booze Broads.  Yes, our previous mayor's steakhouse that opened to some disappointment and poor Yelp reviews!  I'm glad I waited until some kinks were taken out of the delivered product.  I'm sure I experienced marked improvement on my recent visit, because I was quite impressed by my dining experience here.  All was not perfect, but overall it was a 4-1/2-star dining experience.Let's begin at the beginning.  For starters I selected Johnny Quinn's Crab Cakes, which featured large hunks of fresh lump crabmeat, Stoned Ground Dijon Mustard Sauce, and Pepper Remoulade.  The pair of crab cakes had very little filler as our waiter had declared, and the Pepper Remoulade was especially mellow and tasty as an accent to go with the crab.Next up for me was Crazy Phil's Onion Soup.  At first I was a little disappointed in its physical appearance because, unlike most classic Onion Soups Gratinee, this crock of soup did not have a crusty crown of cheese overlaying the broth.  But once I tasted this beauty, my initial negative visual impression went quickly out of mind.  Made with sherry infused white wine, veal stock, a deconstructing crouton, and Gruyere Cheese, the sweet broth and other ingredients were simply delicious.  This was a truly outstanding and hot French Onion Soup!Complimentary Onion Bread with visible pink onions was also very good as a starter, but I didn't want to continue eating Onion Bread all night, so I backed off after downing two slices with butter.  Oscar's Chopped Salad was artistically crafted in a nicely shaped circular mound of creamed up chopped vegetables topped by sprouting Onion Straws.  The salad, containing Grape Tomatoes, carrot shavings, Italian Squash, and mostly diced zucchini tossed with Maytag Bleu Cheese was cool, creamy, and refreshing.An interesting twist then occurred as large steak knives were laid out for the men in my dining party, while much more slender and petite steak knives were set out for the women.  (See pic.)  Diane bridled a bit at this, and so I asked our server why females were not provided the same knives as males.  With a serious expression, he replied that it was more appropriate to furnish the men with "a manly man's knife," and women with "an elegant lady's knife."  I suppose whether a person views this practice as sexist or chivalrous depends on one's point of view.  It also could be deliberately done a bit tongue in cheek, reflecting upon the image of "Beef, Booze, and Broads" which the restaurant plays up rather than down in a whimsical sort of way.  Soon after we were seated, a comely, white-gloved buxom blonde in a lacy black gown came over to welcome us; she said she was "one of the broads."  (See pic.)My slightly charred medium-rare Filet was cooked perfectly, and went well with a very tasty house-made Bearnaise Sauce.  A large King Crab Leg that Diane and I split was warm rather than hot, and not very sweet; and the Drawn Butter to go with it was not very hot either.  But Lobster Mashed Potatoes were very hot and very good, except for the two tiny pieces of shell that were encountered.  Wild Mushrooms were a very good second topping for my steak, as I made sure that my stomach was fully indulged this particular night.And to complete a fine meal, the oven-baked Apple Cobbler with Cinnamon Bread Crumbs that I chose, which was made in a La Cocotte Staub all-metal Dutch oven and served with a strawberry, raspberries, and blackberries on the side, and with two large scoops of quickly melting Vanilla Ice Cream on top, was as delicious as it sounds!With many tables and booths facing the Fremont Street Experience and sumptuously decorated, amid a nice airy ambiance, with white-tied waiters taking orders  under a glass ceiling, this is one classy place turning out memorable meals.  Hizzoner should be proud of his new downtown eating palace!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,11/6/2012,2673,175,24,25,26>Alright! Off season is officially over. I'm all settled in Vegas. It's time to get back to some good ole fashioned reviewing. I've got a lot of places to review but what better place to start than "I Love Sushi" because anyone that knows me, knows that I really LOVE sushi more than anyone!Cozily located in a strip mall in Henderson, I Love Sushi is one of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas, on or off the strip. The place is always bumping and the staff is always friendly. Although some of the roll names are less than desirable (example: Tastes Like Your Ex Girlfriend...) TMI and very SCARY DUDE! Not partaking in that one right off the bat, no offense! I'd use more examples but I am unable to find a copy of their heavily sexual connotated menu online. Poking fun at their menu's items is like fishing from a barrel.I recommend starting off with the oyster shooters. I order mine minus the quail egg. For those that are into the whole Rocky raw egg thing, have at it! You might want to even ask for my discarded ones as I've certainly discarded enough of them, although I can't guarantee they'll hook that up. Their oyster shooters set the mood quite nicely for date night. Gotta love those aphrodisiacs! Yum yum!I typically am a creature of habit when it comes to ordering sushi so I don't mean to bore anyone after this point. I love the Philly Roll + asparagus. Even better is their "spicy ponzu sauce" option which is not offered elsewhere at most other sushi bars.All in all, this place is one of the good ones. It's about as unpretentious as it gets and the quality is as good if not better as that that can be found at many of the high end strip sushi bars, without the lofty price tags. My name is Bobbi Billard and I approve of this message. I'm on a mission to become the Duchess of this restaurant... Stay tuned.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,11/5/2012,24,150,6,16,10>Service was Excellent! Food was good. Atmosphere Divine! Complimentary limo rides to and from the house was a wonderful bonus.  They even send you home with a parting gift.  And the Mansion was a once in a lifetime magnificent sight!Had the 16 Course Degustation menu and ordered a nice Rose from Cortes De Provence.  With an initial glass of Champagne when we arrived + 2 Bottles of flat water = just a little over $1000 for 2, before tip. Although I felt the dinner was impressive, I would suggest several things.1. 16 Courses was WAYYYYYYYYYYY too much food.   Yes, the portions are small but they are extremely rich and heavy.  The table next to us chose to pair their meals w/ wine and they were dying by the 4th course!  Next time I'll just do 3-4 courses. You want to enjoy the most expensive meal of your life and not have to fight through it! 2. When you get seated they will ask if you would like a cocktail or glass of Champs. Take your time and request a wine and champagne menu and order water for the moment. I then would suggest ordering a bottle of wine or champagne for the entire night because by the glass is almost the same price as one bottle. Choose your alcohol wisely and you can easily shave $200-300 off your bill. My single glass of champagne cost almost as much as our bottle of wine. 3. Go easy on the bread cart.  Though it is impressive and has some wonderful options, it can easily creep up on you later while you struggle to finish the rest of your meals. It shows up first so exercise restraint and just choose a few. I really did enjoy the experience at Joel Robuchon.  The Michelin Star restaurant really lives up to that promise of excellent service and an ultra plush dining experience.  I did feel that the food was good and some very delicious but not EXTRAORDINARY.  The price is a little too steep for the food but I think the value lies more in the limo pick up, sneak peak of the Mansion, impeccable service and sensational ambiance. I would suggest dining on the faux terrace with the gorgeous floors of flowers and the beautiful IVY WALL. It was extremely romantic and cozy. Perfect for celebrating something special like we did for our Anniversary.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,11/4/2012,2581,216,11,21,16>The best meal I have had in a very long time. I'm so excited to review this place i don't even know where to start...!Met a friend here last night and decided to grab a drink at the bar before sitting down. The bartender was a tall bald guy (cant remember his name) but he was so awesome! he made me a ginger mojito but used vodka instead of rum, it was delish!We sat in the gorgeous intimate dinning room. With the high ceilings and kitchen behind a glass wall it was a very enjoyable setting. Our waiter (Arty i believe his name was) was amazing. very informative and accommodating with my peanut allergy request. He suggested I start off with a Lychee Lemon Drop. this was mixology at its finest. Sweet but refreshing and with rock candy sugar i cant wait to try to replicate it.We started off with the lobster pancakes as an appetizer. More of a crepe then a traditional pancake filled with plumb lobster meat, mushrooms, red chili, scallions and dressed a lobster and coconut milk sauce they were melt in your mouth goodness.Moving on to the main course. We decided to split two entrees. Grilled Garlic Shrimp- Huge prawns over a bed of black fettuccine in a red coconut curry sauce they were mouth watering delish. The sauce truly made the dish. With the spice of the curry and a sweetness from the coconut milk it was the perfect combination.Our waiter then suggested the Short Ribs- totally melt in your mouth meat accompanied with goat cheese mashed potatoes. We also ordered a side of Wasabi mashed potatoes... which i ate the entire portion. don't judge me.I also had the Strawberry Burst cocktail. Made with cachaca (a Brazilian rum) it was packed full of strawberry flavor in every drink. We finished our meal with a bottle of pinot gregio. This was an amazing experience and i highly recommend it to everyone.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,11/3/2012,191,302,4,7,7>The Skinny: large selection of menu items, reasonable prices, phenom artisan root beer (4) service: efficient, friendly (4) value: pretty reasonable considering the quality (4).We were scouring around town to find a great place for hot dogs and so far fell short... until Great Links.The first time we ate here, we were literally overwhelmed by the selection here. I mean in addition to hot dogs, you have burgers, sammys, a selection various fried items smothered with a different toppings and salads. And for you vegetarians out there, they have a mighty fine selection of veggie kielbasa, bratwurst, italian sausage, hamburgers. I've never heard of veggie kielbasa, but I thought that was a pretty brilliant thing.Personally, being of the meat eating persuasion, I ordered myself a grilled chicken salad. Yeah boring I know. But honestly, my company was instituting this whole exercise/eat right initiative and I felt obligated to participate. (I have since fallen off the bandwagon.) Really at a place like this, I wasn't really expecting much because it is a burger/hot dog joint after all. I was surprised though. Although it's romaine, it's clearly freshly chopped (note, none of that early brownish tinge you get when it's been cut a long time ago) with other veggies.They have a very simple oil and vinegar dressing that hit the spot. Plus, the chicken was plentiful and moist. For less than $7, it's far superior to many grilled chicken salad in the same price range.The hubs couldn't help but try their artisan root beer. For us soda drinkers, it's got that real root beer-ish, herbacious flavouring (in an absolutely good way) that brought us back to the good ol' days. A must try!Not being on a company diet, the hubs has had the rueben, their KC Masterpiece Nascar special featuring Boarshead sausage, their italian sausage and side orders of their fried zucchini, regular shoestring fries and freshly cut french fries. Their reuben was pretty great while the KC Masterpiece Nascar special was a little overwhelming with all the cheese, BBQ sauce on it - it kind of detracted from the flavours of the sausage. Regardless, their plainer renditions fare better - the casings got a nice snap to it.The sides were a hit or miss. The fried zucchini's batter was a little too heavy and fell apart when you picked it up. Their fresh cut fries don't have quite the crispiness that I look for in a french fry. I prefer their shoestring fries which were much crispier and lighter -- FYI - their shoesting is more the size of your standard McDonald's french fries. Overall, given the price, I would definitely recommend this place for a good tuck in of hot dogs and root beer (4).
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/2/2012,230,576,2,8,7>I have never been to Chicago so I can't vouch for the authentic taste but I know good food when I taste it! I started off with the Bruschetta that had fresh tomato and garlic over toasty bread. I like that they didn't drench it with olive oil because I don't like when the bread gets soggy. It was perfectly delicious!  Lately I've been obsessed with artichokes so I was happy to find their White Pizza. I ended up ordering the small 10" pizza for $13.50. The tasty pizza also had artichokes, spinach, garlic, mozzarella with drizzled olive oil.  The cheese was gooey just how I like it! I ended the meal with the Fried Dough for dessert. The warm dough was sprinkled with powdered sugar and trickled with honey. When I thought I couldn't eat any more I found room for these little bits of sweetness. The atmosphere is nice and cozy. The tables have different scenes of Las Vegas on them and the walls are decorated with celebrity, sports and Chicago memorabilia. It's a nice place to meet with friends and family because the service was also very welcoming. My drink never went empty the whole time I was there!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,11/1/2012,168,91,2,9,8>Shave ice is definitely one of the best ways to beat the Vegas heat. The main thing that initially drew me to this particular shave ice place is the location. Avalanche Shave ice is located across the street from UNLV just behind the 7-Eleven on Maryland Pkwy. They offer 3 different sizes and various options on toppings and ice cream flavors. I opted to get a medium sized shave ice with condensed milk. The way this particular place works is you order the size and toppings you want on your shave ice, but add the flavors yourself. The flavors are located on a long table in various containers. They have 36 flavors which includes everything from Tiger's Blood to Chocolate! On top of all that, you can put as much or as little as you want on the ice! The extra toppings, such as condensed milk and pixy sticks, are given to you separately as well, so you get to put it all together to your liking! If you're ever in the UNLV area and looking for a way to cool down, give this place a try!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,10/31/2012,51,82,4,8,8>I always crave indo chinese food but had not come across a place that serves these options in Vegas.For this reason, I was really excited when I learnt that this new place had opened and had a groupon out as well.Indo chinese is basically the indianized version of chinese food, as in India we like to spice everything up!! The place was busy with people at the restaurant as well as several take out orders being fulfilled. We were seated without delay and got water. They soon brought out a complimentary papad with 2 types of chutnety-sweet tamarind and coriander and both were yummy.The server informed us that they were backed up in the kitchen and it would take 20 minutes to get our food, so we decided to order a veg samosa to share. The samosa was pretty nice.She soon brought out the veg manchurian I had ordered and this was really good.D ordered the veg thali which was huge and came with 2 veggies-bhindi (okra) masala, alu matar(potato and peas curry), black dal, raita yogurt, papad, lots of rice and fresh baked naan bread. It also included a mango achar relish and a desert-seviyan(which is a milk based desert like kheer but with vermicelli instead of rice.I tasted the desert and it was super yummy. The good thing about the thali was that everything looked home made and was not dripping in oil. The desert reminded me of desert I ate at home in India.The service was great. Our glasses were never empty and our server checked in with us each time she crossed our table. All the other helpers and servers were also very customer oriented and everyone at the restaurant looked happy to be there.I am excited to try their south indian dishes and will definitely go again!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/30/2012,133,54,5,10,8>Talk about a small place with big thai flavors, this is where you want to be for thai food. The owner, Sabi, is very nice and friendly and keeps her kitchen clean. Sabi dishes out some of the best thai food in Las Vegas. Prices are low & very affordable by anyone. Serivce is very good and fast. I am a chicken pad thai fanatic and a pineapple fried rice guy. So, I chose those items to eat. The pineapple fried rice was delicious and seasoned well. Rice was not mushy, had the right amount of curry and all the ingredients mixed well. The chicken pad thai is my favorite thai dish and Sabi sure knows how to cook it right to satisfy my taste buds. Not salty and seansoned to perfection with a little sweetness and the right amount of spicyness. Food tasted great and fresh. Winning!Okay, make sure you don't pass this place up. If you are near Arville and Hacienda or not near, stop by for a legit Thai food experience presented by Sabi.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,10/29/2012,464,819,5,15,11>New Location, same great food (with a couple menu changes). The new spot is right next to the movie theater on Sahara and Ft. Apache. It looks to be larger than their original spot but only half of the dining room was being used the night I went. The wife went with the kiki burger -- always a good choice. New to the menu (at least since the last time I went to Bachi Burger) is their lobster roll ($15). It's two mini buns stuffed with lobster mixed with fennel and a curry spiced aioli with lettuce. It may not be a traditional lobster roll flavor, but the curry creates a unique and tasty asian-inspired version of this classic. The freshly fried taro chips that accompany the dish were delicious as well.Service was good, especially considering that the place just opened earlier this week. Although it was odd that my wife's burger came out several minutes before my food or our son's food did. But, I'm sure minor issues like that will improve over time.4.5 Stars
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,10/28/2012,141,253,9,6,6>Im a male Sasquatch that could be a stand in for the Jack Links Beef Jerky commercials so Walking into a place called "Wax" with the possibility of coming out bare as a newborn is scary as hell. My GF loves being oh natural down there (ok ok I love her being that way as well) and she asked that I take her to lunch and then to the appointment afterwards. Being the love sick guy that I am, I agreed. The lobby is very intimate and Im guessing they don't have a lot of people waiting for their love one inside. The receptionist was very welcoming and offered me water and we made small talk for almost all of the 35mins it took them to wax the GF down to silky smooth skin.Im sure she had other things she could have been doing but I really thought it was cool she went out if her way to welcome me into the shop.The GF explained that the waxer was very professional and she liked her sooo much better than the last girl who waxed her at a different business the last time. I dont know what they did differently but she said there was very little pain this time and came out of the back smiling and laughing.The GF will be back and if Im free that day it will be my honor to sit out in the lobby and wait for my silky smooth goddess to emerge 30 minutes later.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,10/27/2012,48,51,7,13,9>First I have to note, I have never, ever in my life enjoyed a single gay bar/club I have been too. I grew up in the DC area and they were all either: fitlhy, disgusting, dive joints with nasty men or slutty little fairies or a combo of them all! Checked a few more places in Vegas around the 'Fruitloop' (tragic tragic tragic).  This place is the COMPLETE opposite of all those places.  I have never felt dirty walking out of the place, been scared to use the restroom, or worried about touching the table tops.  Hands down the best gay bar I have been too.  They have a Juke Box (when not over ran by the 30 spanish songs in a row) plays good music from the patrons, they have pool tables, and plenty of seating.  Those garage boy outfits are pretty hot too, duh!Def. worth checking out.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,10/26/2012,264,264,5,11,8>Finally made it to the farmar after weeks of oversleeping and general laziness.  SO GLAD that I did (my wallet is a little angry with me though).First, I love that there were so many food trucks there as well as farmer/local merchant stands.... I got a SOY LATTE!! from Grouchy John's to start my morning, then wistfully looked at the Love Grub tacos and tots and Rusty Pickle's (VEGAN! confirmed) fried pickles... but I was strong and made my way into veggie heaven.....My old CSA Quail Hollow was there reppin' with all kinds of veg - including sorrel, which I'd never tried. It's so lemony! Who knows what I'll do with it, but I have a giant bag now.  They also sell "juicing kits," pre-selected fruit/veg mixes for juicing -- I got a bag w/ carrots, kale, cukes, celery and apple. Genius!Of course, I had to get a loaf of Bon Bread and some Colorado River Coffee Roasters coffee (from Artisanal Foods stand, who will be opening a cafe there soon!).  I even got a vegan oatmeal cookie! I ran out of cash before I could buy vegan tamales, blood oranges, Chef Marc's fresh pasta or fancy mushrooms... but those are on the list for next time!This is definitely the best farmar in town.  I hope to have a Friday off at some point so I can really enjoy lunch there with the food trucks.  Another great addition to the downtown revival.A few of the foodtrucks take credit cards, but almost all of the indoor vendors accept cash only, so come prepared!!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,10/25/2012,376,187,8,14,14>Very cute breakfast place. Amazing food!I'm sitting here drafting this review as I watch my son finishing our breakfast. It makes me a bit sad that this place is so far from my home. I drove here from Henderson, its located on Southern Highlands Pkwy & Cactus. If it was close, I'd be the Duchess...fast! And weigh much more, probably...I was a waitress back in the day at locally owned restaurants like Rise & Shine, and as I giggle watching these ladies serve food dressed in flannel pajamas, all I wondered was "Why didn't I work at a place where pjs were the uniform?!?!" How much more comfortable can you make it, right?! So you can imagine, it definitely has a warm feeling. The smell of French toast and coffee and cinnamon gets your nose up as you walk in the door. The menu - you can order your standards. Omelets, pancakes, bacon & eggs. Then you see Crunch Cinnamon Raisin French Toast and Spiced Rubbed Rib Eye Chilaquiles, Fried Chicken and Waffles, and homemade Corned Beef Hash. What else? Most egg plates come with your choice of toast, biscuit, or the ever popular pot of bread. Very adorable little round loaf of slightly cinnamon gooey deliciousness seem to be on many tables during my visits. The drinks - freshly squeezed orange juice is always a favorite of mine I share with my son. But I had to try their French press coffee after reading about it. A generous serving is brought to your table, accompanied by a sand hourglass, with three separate colored sands. You decide which sand to follow to determine how strong you want your coffee. Love it!! (see photo if you can't picture what I'm saying)I haven't dined here for lunch, but I slightly glanced at it while drooling over the breakfast choices. If you're not in the mood for breakfast, like their current special, Baked Blueberry Pecan French Toast Casserole or my personal favorite, Make-Your-Own Yogurt Parfait, you can choose from burgers, salads, panini sandwiches, and daily specials like meatloaf, fish & chips, and chicken broccoli pot pie, served until they run out. They also offer a few kid's plates, however, if you have a toddler like me, the generous portions they serve is more than enough to share! Prices are decent, the service I've received have been warm, inviting, and prompt. I think if the next few visits are as awesome as my previous ones, they definitely warrant a 5-star review. For now, it is far to drive to, and I do wish they offered lighter healthier options, too. Do I end up ordering them? Not much. But I like having the choice when I'm feeling weight-conscious on those rare occasions. Nonetheless, I'm a big fan of Rise & Shine's yummy breakfasts!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,10/24/2012,83,155,3,16,14>Ladies and gentlemen, there is a new contender in the big league of Las Vegas buffets.For $35 for dinner, this is comparable to other luxury property buffets. The restaurant is decked out in glass, metal and wood. There are several live action stations where you can get your king crab steamed and ramen and pho made to order.For me, what makes or breaks a buffet is the seafood offering. My jaw dropped when I saw they had stone crab, but to my dismay, they were dry. Unfortunately they don't offer crab crackers. The crab comes split already but crab crackers would be a helpful addition. The king crab was too salty. The cocktail shrimp was huge and fresh, and that was the saving grace of the seafood station.I enjoyed the Peking Duck. It tasted like genuine duck you can get in Chinatown. I also loved the sliders.I wish I had more room in my tummy to try more items.Whatever you do, save room for dessert! They have made to order crepes, creme brûlée, cheesecake on a stick, a gelato station, macaroons and so much more! Their coffee is also very delicious and was a nice finish to the meal.Service was friendly and efficient. Not bad at all for their opening day. Sometimes it took a while for our server to refill our drinks but it was understandable.If you love buffets as much as I do, check out Bacchanal Buffet. Amongst the throngs of buffets in Vegas, this one packs a punch that'll knock your socks off.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,10/23/2012,172,155,5,12,7>I decided to stop by here after a friend of mine said that someone from Ichiza said this place was better than... well, better than the ramen house that seems to have started a new ramen trend in this town.  As the long time (until recently) duke, they've set a gold standard for me, and so for the purposes of this review, I will be calling them "the other ramen place".  You all know what I'm talking about anyway.  This review is a comparison review.  Sorry, but it's the only way I know to review a ramen joint at this time, and Ramen Sora holds it's own!The building is a lot more spacious than the other ramen place.  It's more comfortable.    There's also not a 15 minute wait.  In this case, that's a good thing.  Like the other ramen place, service is fast, friendly, and professional.I ordered the spicy miso with extra chashu.  The broth was very flavorful!  Much more savory than the other ramen place.  A lot less salty.  The spiciness had only a little kick (I eat a lot of very hot Thai food though), but it was enough to give a well rounded flavor to this thick, tasty broth.  If you have a problem with the salt levels of the other ramen place, this might be your go to restaurant.  The noodles were better, I thought.  They were thicker, and "meatier".  Very well prepared.  The chashu was tender as if it had been soaking in broth all day.  It fell apart in my chopsticks.  Yum.  The chashu slices were a little thicker than the other ramen place, although perhaps not quite as tender.  I may dare to say that the overall quality of the ingredients is a little higher here than the other ramen place.  It definitely has a more bold flavor profile, at least in the miso.  I love both places, really, which should say a lot about Ramen Sora.  The bottom line here is that Ramen Sora has added a new flavor to this town, and it is worth while to check out.  It may not become your favorite ramen house in town, but I think it is definitely a great addition.  Thank you, Ramen Sora!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2012,10/22/2012,274,498,6,16,9>Namaste's lunch buffet is bomb with their decent selection of hot and cold food items, but how's the food and service like during non-buffet hours? I dropped in several days ago to have dinner there, so here's a review update.FOODTo dine there during lunch buffet hours will cost you $10.99. It's AYCE and you receive a free basket of Naan bread.  During non-buffet hours, you'll of course have to order off of the menu. Entrees can be pricey for the portions and can range from $12-$16. Also, you'll receive a side of rice instead of Naan bread. + Paneer Malai: I was wavering in my decision to choose which would be the best dish:  the Saag Paneer or Paneer Malai? The Saag is always good, and it's usually available during the lunch buffet but without the paneer, but the Paneer Malai isn't. I'm happy I went with something new, because now this is one of my favorite Indian dishes.  A  sauce made with onions, tomatoes, cilantro, and chunks of paneer -- it's absolutely delicious. I could easily eat an entire bowl or five by myself. No shame. + Butter Chicken: This is another item that's sometimes available during the lunch buffet, but decided to order this becauseI'd been craving Butter Chicken for the longest time. Ordered this with a medium spicy level, which was just perfect. Still loving the creamy sauce and the tender chicken. Just as good as when it's served during the lunch buffet.+ Kashmiri Naan:  A mix made of cashew nuts, cherries, and coconut is spread thinly on the inside the Naan. In my opinion, this is more of a dessert bread that I would eat on the side rather than with my meal; although, you could still dip this bread into curries and other savory dishes, because it doesn't conflict with any of the flavors. SERVICEGreat as usual. No complaints here. I've always experienced excellent service whenever I visit. OVERALLFood and service at Namaste remains exceptional no matter what time of day. This is why Namaste is my go-to Indian restaurant, and perhaps one of my favorites to dine at in Vegas.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,10/21/2012,83,599,5,10,10>Love this place!  A little hard to find as the Venetian cannot be bothered to update its directories or signs.  Just follow the signs for restaurant row.  Excellent beer selection.  When we were there, they offered $5 cask beers for National Beer Week.  Normally cask beers cost $9.  The food was also very yummy.  Definitely try the scotch egg - it comes with bacon mustard!  The bone marrow was also very good, although not the best I've ever had.  The truffle arancini didn't have much of a truffle flavor and wasn't as good as Nora's arancini.  But still pretty tasty.  Same with the fried clams - not the best I've had, but pretty good.The service was impeccable and friendly.  Five stars for the inventive menu, great service, and amazing beer selection.  Can't wait to come back!
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,10/20/2012,880,837,12,18,14>Ten minute wait last night for dinner at the Le Village Buffet in the Paris Casino.  I've been here several times over the years and have always loved it.  Dinner was $69 for two. If you have a Paris players card you get $3 off the buffet. Military eats free on Veteran's Day.  I thought it was too pricy. The food here is good, although a few dishes were misses. They do have a section of some Mediterranean flavors and some sushi rolls. I saw a grill where they were cooking chicken and other meats but did not have anything from that station.This is a mostly French buffet, portions are small, stations are small, hopefully you will sit in the open dining room, if you get stuck in the back room like we did it loses the atmosphere effect because the rooms are small and lots of screaming babies. It's not like Mirage or Wynn, so keep that in mind if you're expecting to put a slice of pizza, a taco and roast beef on your plate, this is not that type of buffet.Some of the traditional French dishes that I saw were: Duck a la Orange (yummy), Roast beefCrab Legs (they were always out)Shrimp (on the shell)Chicken Coq au Vin (good), Seafood Bouillabaisse, Scalloped potatoes (which were not great), Whipped potatoes (not as good as the Wynn), Pasta in truffle butter (fabulous), Macaroni and Cheese (nope not great), Green Beans Almondine, Asparagus (wonderful), Salmon (heavenly), Poached Halibut, Sweet and Savory made-to-order crepes (filling and great), French cheeses and bread, French onion soup (salty), potato leek soup (wonderful), tomato soup (skip it) and a Small dessert station with mostly all empty trays:(  It's like a football team came before I did.  They were out of crab every time I went up to check!  By the time they had some I was already on dessert! So this was the only 2 star experience.Overall, we had great attentive service and since my sister's are fans and they always pay for dinner ...I'll be back!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/19/2012,821,451,11,17,11>Given the option, I am always down for trying new restaurants.  Sometimes this tendency even applies after I have already tried another new restaurant just minutes before.  Yeah, I am crazy and possibly have a 2nd stomach compartment, just like the mystically crazy half man half bull, Minotaur.  Anyway, that was how I ended up at the door of an almost 3 weeks young Japanese restaurant by the fortuitous name of Lucky Fish Sushi & Grill (aka LF).LF is located on S. Jones, in the same busy plaza as China Mama, Cravin' Cajun and HK Star, on the spot where Bosa 1 used to be, and across the street from 168 Supermarket.  Chef Young (trained in Nagoya, Japan, and worked locally at Sushi Tower, Sushi Fever and Yellowtail) and Chef James, plus one other business partner run this latest Japanese eatery to open in the greater "Chinatown" area of Las Vegas. Since I was nearly topped off from a rather tasty Taiwanese beef noodle soup from across the street, I was only able to tried their Chirashi Bowl on my initial test drive of LF's unexpectedly diverse menu.   LF's menu offerings is like the selection of a Megamart of Japanese cuisine with a healthy sprinkling of Korean BBQ on top.  You can order the typical sushi and rolls, the tried and true teriyaki, noodles such as ramen, udon and yakisoba, plus K-BBQ favorites like kalbi and bulgogi.If you are not sure what to order, simply watch the slide show of scenery from Japan with pictures of menu items shuffled in or simply asks for recommendations.The food was prepared with expert care, and the best part of my dining experience was the friendly service and the conversations with the sushi chef and staff.  Plus the decor of the roomy new restaurant was a significant improvement from the predecessor.The lunch specials starts at $6 and is served from 11am to 3:30pm, which I am told is popular with those that work in the vicinity.Verdict:  Definitely have to come back on an empty stomach for a full test drive.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,10/18/2012,4974,721,19,22,21>SUNDAY BRUNCH:What a terrific way to spend a beautiful Sunday morning.  This brunch has it all from the character, atmosphere, unique brunch items and service.  I like how they encourage even the customers to come wearing pajamas.  We opted not to but we definitely will next time. To say I went over the top with the food is an understatement.  The fullest I have ever felt in my left and believe me when I say I can be a ridiculously gluttonous pig.  Even my wife who eats with me everyday was taken a back.  I was out of control. I did actually have as small as a dinner the night before in order to be as hungry as I could do get my $40 worth of all you can eat.  We started with the dishes at the self serve area.  There were 6 choices at the panini/sandwich/crepe station and we had 3 of them.  The super friendly and helpful gentleman manning the station suggested his favorite which was a slice of baguette grilled in some kind of honey and butter which was outstanding.  My only thought was that it would taste even better while being inebriated.  The crepes were just ok and could've been a little more toasty than spongy but that's just our preference. The sushi station was way above the average buffet sushi.  All the nigiri and rolls were made to order with the exception of Simon's signature crispy tuna which were amazing.  I had 8 pieces of crispy tuna and 8 pieces of salmon.  They also had a whole slab of smoked salmon layed out and I probably had 5 slices of that.The juice station!  I loved this.  Does any other restaurant offer this as part of the menu?  Please let me know if there is because I would be all over this.  Freshly squeezed fruit, protein shakes, vegetable juices, yogurt smoothies and I could have as many as I wanted to.  Damn, dude!  I must've had 7 glasses of various liquids.  I didn't partake in the extra alcohol deals since I didn't feel like being bombed and then hungover by 4pm.  But the deals were reasonable: $12 for unlimited Black Star beer or $17 for unlimited champagne/mimosa/bellinis or $14(?) for unlimited trips to the make your own bloody mary bar.  I would rather have them make my bloody mary since I would screw it up but it looked quite popular.And on top of all this great stuff there's the a la carte menu.  We had the french toast which I think was encrusted with Frosted Flakes.  It was crunchy, sweet with a soft center.  Genius!  4 different types of hash.  I generally dislike Hollandaise sauce but it was ok with the steak hash.  We also got an additional fill of protein from the egg white frittata which was packed with 5 different veggies including corn, onion and several peppers.  I was unable to finish the frittata due to the fact they must've used about 12 eggs in it.  Breakfast pizza is a must.  So wrong yet so right.  Topped with sausage, bacon, country gravy and other ingredients that make diets run and hide.  I inhaled it like a champion.  You've probably heard of the meat sweats but have you ever heard of breakfast sweats?  That's what I went through about an hour after the meal.  So much good food.  I am definitely going to pace myself better next time and will definitely do less carbs as well but everything looked (and tasted) so damn good!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,10/17/2012,361,158,7,15,11>So I was feeling blue one day and if you knew me (which most of you don't on a deep personal level...so take notes!), then you'd know that on my darkest, gloomiest days, the only thing that could lift my spirits is SALMON SASHIMI! And I definitely needed a good cheer-er upper. I decided to try Poke Express with the help of a friend referral (thanks Helen W!). First off, it is **LOCATED INSIDE ISLAND SUSHI** which is perfect because another friend of mine mentioned that Island Sushi was her favorite hole-in-the-wall sushi joint, and I've been wanting to check it out. So I went straight to the Poke bar and was seriously spell-bounded by this amazing concoction of chopped up sashimi. We don't have many Hawaiians in TX so this was pretty magical in my opinion. So many variations I had no clue what to do! Well I'm assuming I met the owner since he was referred to as 'Papa'. Let me just say, I might just repeatedly come back just to visit Papa. He was the sweetest man ever! He let me sample pretty much everything and got me full before I could even get to my order! If you're new to Poke like I am, it's basically chopped up cube-sized sashimi marinated in different variation of sauces. I saw a lot of variations of tuna, but also squid and shrimp choices. You order it by 1/2 lb, 1lb , and so on.Of course I went for the salmon. I asked him to do whatever he wanted to it since I wasn't sure which sauce I would really prefer. Well easy enough the salmon already has it's own special sauce. I wanna say it's the Shoyu but not sure. He mixed it with green and yellow onions and sprinkled it with sesame seeds. LOVED IT. And the most important factor.. IT WAS EXTREMELY FRESH.1/2 lb cost me about $7.55 & it was definitely a good portion for just one person.LADIES AND GENTLEMAN I FOUND MY FAVORITE SUSHI PLACE IN VEGAS! *crowd roaring*
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,10/16/2012,224,209,8,10,10>One of THE BEST carne asada tacos I have ever had, hands down.  The juices and everything about this taco is worth every penny.  I usually get mines with no avocado, since most of the time they usually put a spoonful of avocado & i really dont need to taste that much avocado in one sitting.Not only do i order the carne asada tacos, but also the carne asada fries. The carne asada fries can either come in half ($5) or a large order ($10). I ordered the half ordered and OHHH GEEZ it was pretty BIG! I couldnt even finish it, it was good but not THAT good. Needless to say, I could always come back to this taco eatery. Yumm yumm
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,10/15/2012,85,90,5,9,7>When the words "Steak Bomb" flowed through my ear hole, I knew that I had to get one. Just seeing these two words together gave me the impression that it is not a food that plays games. This is a delicious concoction created to destroy hunger in a single blow.Meet, East Coast Eats, a fairly new eatery bringing some of America's northeast flavors to Vegas. It was they who introduced me to the steak bomb, a New England twist to the more familiar Philly Cheesesteak. It's a mountain of thinly sliced beef, green peppers, onions and American cheese compressed into submarine roll. Yes, it was tasty. Yes, it was a heavy eat. And yes, I do have cravings for more throughout my day-to-day life.East Coast Eats also does offer a pretty extensive menu, along with weekly specials, ranging from pizza to their signature Boston roast beef sandwiches. After that steak bomb, I did not have enough fight in me to sample anything else. But believe me, I will be back for round 2.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,10/14/2012,72,117,2,8,6>**Summary**       - Taste - The rib-eye steak sandwich was pretty good, but their BBQ burger is what will keep me coming back. Also, their seasoned fries were delicous too.       - Service - It might be because we came in after a group of 12, but it took an hour for us to order and get our food.       - Location - It's pretty hard to find. The address on google maps points you elsewhere. If you go east from Buffalo Dr and Cactus Ave, it's where the road ends.**Ordered**       - $8.95 Rib-Eye Steak Sandwich - Steak was a little thin, but very flavorful (yelp.com/biz_photos/fW7S).       - $7.99 Cowboy Burger - One of the best BBQ burgers I've ever had (yelp.com/biz_photos/fW7S).**Recommendations**       - I've yet to taste their entree meals, but from what I've had already, this place is definitely worth trying.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,10/13/2012,76,81,12,9,6>Like OMG this is completely comparable to SoCal boba because as we all know we have to rate things based off of other places in other states in which their is 10x more people and obviously 10x more competition so naturally the chances of finding SoCal boba is near impossible!!111 Like OMG BUT I FOUNDSZZZ IT!I originally wanted to make this a simple review since this is a small simple establishment, but I get irked by that stuff.Anyways, Fresh Cup is my new favorite place to get boba when I am in that part of town, I used to go to tea station quite often but outside of their questionable *cough*racist*cough* service at times and decent boba.  I have seen the light!Fresh cup has a smaller selection of items but they make sure they make damn good boba. It's pretty cheap in general, $3.15 for a large smoothie boba, hell yeah.  It's a nice relaxing atmosphere and the lines aren't that big nor I have to wait 15 minutes to get my boba. The staff is super friendly, I hope this new establishment sticks around for awhile.I am a fan.  I've been here a few times and I haven't been all, "son i am disappoint" yet, so kudos!#ImToOldToChangeMyOpinion
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,10/11/2012,742,648,14,6,9>I consider myself a serious bread whore (hello, look at my belly!). So when me and the Mister started settling into our new LV digs I started a mission to find some killer artisan bread to replace my beloved MJ Breads in Phoenix. After kissing and tasting some serious bread frogs around the city I finally discovered Bon Breads while wandering around Town Square. When we walked in I instantly became moist around the lips, I had to eat this bread! We bought 5 loaves however one of them didn't even make it to the car. Amazingly chewy, lightly crisp and a tender open crumb I have to tell ya, these guys over at Bon know what they are doing.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,10/10/2012,243,421,6,10,10>What can I say...Yelpers are right!  This is such an awesome coffee shop.  The shop is cozy and quaint, with a mixture of board games, star wars items, and local artist's artwork.  The guys at GJ are so friendly and helpful.  I enjoyed coming to this coffee shop.On to the coffee, they are DELICIOUS!  You can order the drink hot, iced, or blended.  I had the Grouchy John hot and blended on two different occasions and they both are yummy.  I love the amaretto flavor in this cup of goodness.  I must say though that the hot tasted sweeter than the blended.  Either version, they were still yummy in my tummy with the right amount of caffeine and sugar kick.  I have also had the Almond Roca latte blended and it was very balanced.  Not too sweet...just right.  We also picked up the best cheese danish I have ever tasted, which is baked by Bread n Butter.  Oh boy, even someone on a Paleo diet must cheat once in a while to taste this melt in your mouth cheese danish with a crispy flaky tart shell.  Oh so good..I also love the concept of dropping $2 in the bucket, fill up a cup with hot coffee, and leave.  I noticed this on the first morning I visited this coffee shop.  Additionally, the stamp card is a plus and when you check into GJ, you get DOUBLE stamps for each drink, which is a super duper yelpy plus :)I can confidently say Adios Starbucks...Hello Grouchy John!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,10/9/2012,198,90,6,13,11>I never did think that I'd be able to replace my favorite sushi restaurant (Sin City Sushi), but, it has happened. Well, sorta. I cannot completely write off Sin City, because once you have Young's garlic sauce, or his mussels, you will seriously crave them for days after... but, Blue Fin executes all their dishes delightfully well.Jin, the owner (I believe) is from Hawaii. The first night I went with my boyfriend, it was a quiet Sunday night. We were served by a young woman who was also from Hawaii. Service was fast, friendly, and extremely patient!  Blue Fin has an exceptional selection of rolls, appetizers and nigiri.My boyfriend and I usually get a lot of nigiri, and that night was no different. We had garlic tuna, hamachi, ika (with salt and lemon), amaebi, cajun albacore, tako, and a bunch more.Great fish to rice ratio, and the few rolls that we did try were a good size (*PLUS, they do half rolls!*) They have awesome appetizers. I love mussels, but the mussels here are a little different from everywhere else. So just be aware that when ordering mussels here, they are already off the shell, and come in a special dish. We also had their tuna crab cake, salmon skin salad, and "poki" ( i always spelled it poke.. hmm)All came with shredded beet and carrot toppings. I don't like beets AT ALL, regardless of what Dr. Oz says about the nutritional value they possess, it detracted from what would have been all together delicious, again, my own personal opinion.Anyway, the restaurant setting and my overall experience here leads me to conclude that this restaurant is a solid 4 stars. Their quality of fish is on the higher end as compared with some other popular names in the AYCE sushi world.Will go back if I'm in the area.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,10/8/2012,580,394,6,8,8>I. LOVED. IT!If you're a prude, do-not-see-this-show!IT'S SO FUN =) I think it would be great for couples, bachelorette parties, and dates with my gay boyfriends!This time around, I watched it with my boyfriend. And he loved it!Along with the normal Cirque acrobatics, it's so sexually charged and funny. For being my 1st Cirque show (Elvis Show I've seen doesn't count,) I was extremely impressed and amazed.Got these tix comped but, it's a show I would def pay to see.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,10/7/2012,693,1125,9,18,12>The BF and I were close and needed some snackies. We ordered a pork arepa, 2 bean and cheese empanada and mango to drink. The mango drink was really good. It was not too sweet, fresh and refreshing. I coulda had a few of those since it was a hot day. When our order came it was the wrong order. We got one meat arepa and a bean and cheese arepa so we figured maybe she didn't hear the empanada part and perhaps got us a arepa instead? Oh well, we'll eat it anyways. The bean and cheese was yummy with flavorful beans. The meat turned out to be beef (unless my taste buds are wonky) but it was so tender and fantastic. Normally shredded beef is somewhat stringy, but not this. I normally wouldn't order beef but here I would definitely consider it. The arepa was wonderfully crispy on the outside and had some chewiness inside that was addictive. I can eat those alone even. Don't skimp on the mustardy hot sauce and the creamy sauce as both make the arepas even better, I think! Eventually I guess they realized it wasn't that they got our order wrong, we got someone elses order! The guy on the grill (I'm assuming is the owner) was apologetic about it and gave us 2 bean and cheese empanadas anyways which was cool of him. It was not what I expected at all. I was thinking more like pastry dough type empanadas, but the consistency was like the breading that is around corn dogs which lead the BF and I trying to figure out how they make it. These were tasty but since I'm a Hot Dog On the Stick fan, I'm definitely ordering just a plain cheese one next time. Now that its hot, it's gonna suck to come visit but I definitely enjoyed that meal and want to come back again soon.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2012,10/6/2012,148,168,3,6,4>Big BangHaving just returned several pounds heavier from vacation, I was starved for some breakfast.  My friend and I sifted through Yelp and found this gem.  Actually, we passed it a couple of times before we found it.  I swear if we weren't looking for it, we'd not have known it existed.I'm very excited to have found this little diner in downtown Hendo, and to support locally owned business.  I ordered a cup of coffee and simple petite platter, consisting of bacon, scrambled eggs, toast and fruit cup.  The coffee, to my surprise, was illy, which is my favorite brand of espresso grounds.  Definitely earned points with me.  My friend commented that it was on the strong side, while I thought it was a little weaker than my preference.  Don't get me wrong, I brew my coffee to be like oil and drink the sludge that comes out with the last pour, so when I say it's weak, take it with a packet of sugar,  The platter was generously sized, with a big smattering of eggs and a shit ton of bacon.  If you know me, the way to my stomach is to clog my arteries with bacon grease.  I swear there were about 6 pieces of bacon on my plate (maybe I looked like I could use a few more pounds).  Good thing, though, because the eggs were not very...tasty.  My mother in law adds milk to her eggs to make them fluffy, but these eggs seemed to have a bit too much.  Ketchup was required to make them more appetizing...hence deducting 2 stars.  The fruit cup was a nice touch, with orange slices, cantaloupe and grapes to offset the bacon fat.  Not necessary, but welcome in my belly.  Throw in the toast and you have a breakfast.  As a whole, this was a filling breakfast and did the job.  Sure, the eggs weren't all they were cracked up to be (sorry, I couldn't help but be punny), but when you consider that this entire meal cost just pennies over $7 per person after tax, you get quite a bang for your buck.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,10/4/2012,218,93,4,11,8>I was stressed and depressed the day I visited Great Bao.  Once again, I was starting to say farewell to yet another great friend leaving this forsaken desert of a town for a more wholesome and fulfilling place to live.  My usual love-hate relationship with Vegas took a turn for negativity and I could hardly remember why I'm still breathing this sandblasted allergy-inducing air.  My Mr. who has a relentless propensity for optimism (thank heavens for him) decided to cheer me up by taking me out to Starbucks, which didn't help, until I realize that Great Bao was footsteps away.This place renewed my hopes for Vegas, its random location inside a hair salon makes you think you're in New York or San Fran, it's perfectly quaint and quirky.  Arriving shortly before their closing hour, I was the only one there, a perfect time to meet Chef Sheridan and his fiance, a couple so adorable you'd want to start planning their wedding.  6 seats total, 2 at the counter, the environment is minimal and intimate and all about the food.  While Chef Sheridan makes the food, I stand at the counter and read the various articles written about their story.  You can't help but start rooting for him!  Once an executive chefs at celebrity restaurants like Wazuzu and Comme Ca, Sheridan followed his dream to a Bao food truck, only to discover that following your dream can take you down rocky paths, so now they're at the Bao food stand.Story aside, the food is absolutely delicious.  I did the ComBao and got three different experiences, all equally tasty.  The Pork Belly was traditional and sumptuous and reminded me of New York's Ippudo.  The Duck had great quality and creativity.  The Tofu and Mushrooms featured three different kind of mushrooms, and have you wondering how they can make a profit with this kind of effort and freshness.  All 3 Baos plus a drink for $10.  Yes, the chef makes the buns when you order them and his cute fiance makes the drink.  It's the kind of story that writes books, no kidding!Full and happy after three buns, Vegas and me, we're working things out.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2012,10/3/2012,142,120,7,10,8>Will the real Swish Shabu Shabu please stand up??So I had some issues with the faux Swish in another location, and was invited here after that epic Groupon fiasco but never got around to it until today. Well I am so sorry that I waited. This Swish is absolutely fabulous! (It also helps that I can go down the street for a Trader Joe's run afterward...) My husband and I both ordered the vegetarian platter and shared an order of edamame. The young woman who was serving us was very helpful and personable, and I loved that they brought all the condiments to you so you can more into the hot pot to your liking. She gave me a very healthy dose of garlic so I refrained from adding anything else. This vegetarian dish was HUGE! It was one gigantic plate filled with lettuce, mushrooms, baby corn, carrots, noodles, a little tofu, onion, and green onion. Although it was bountiful, I would have personally liked maybe some zucchini, some extra tofu and a bit more mushrooms than the extreme amount of lettuce on top. Just my preference ;) It was really good though and I liked that the hot pot was right on the table and was in very easy reach. This also came with white rice which was deliciously sticky. I would have preferred brown, but white was good too. The edamame we had as a side dish was tasty. I cannot even begin to tell you just how full I was - well, am! It's been a few hours since eating and I am still pleasantly stuffed to the brim! Our server was attentive, and to have a ridiculously filling and healthy meal for two for under $30 was a great deal. I will definitely be back to THIS location and no others.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,10/2/2012,1407,1189,13,14,17>As predicted, It was Jiro and his staff that made us do it....Tempted our stomach and tastebuds with the finest sushi porn on the big screen,and like crack addicts, we just HAD TO get our sushi fix....Kabuto was a thought, but would be impossible, since we didn't have reservations(John Curtas probably hustled out of the theater and headed there)Sushi Mon on Sahara, since its closer? Nah...Kabuki? Nope, they're not AYCE...Go Wild? That's a negative....So of course the logical thing, and everyone agreed, was to drive  to Goyemon. Why?Stamp Card...Check!Specal Nigiri Selections...Check!UNLIMITED Dessert Selections....Check!Shoyu Ramen at 11pm....Check!ALWAYS a great time with TEAM GOYEMON....Check!So 5 of us sat up at the bar and our nigiri sushifest was taken care of by Hiro, Dimas, and Min. Even though they were slammed, they were still able to conversate and laugh with us! After countless nigiri, a bowl of ramen, and a mini dessert buffet, we were very content, thanked the staff for yet another great evening, and called it a night....ALOHA!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(254/365) "The REAL Duke is Back to ATTACK!"
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,10/1/2012,102,426,9,19,16>OMFG!This was by far the most expensive and memorable meal of my life. My wife and I dined here about two months ago. We shared the drink pairing. Two meals and one drink pairing came to $666. Though dare I say it, it was TOTALLY worth it.I love cooking and trying new foods. If you do, too, this is totally the place for you. You will love it. If you're not a foodie and not into unique cooking techniques, you'll probably find it overpriced and won't fully appreciate it. That being said, it was the perfect place for me.There were four couples in our sitting. None of us knew each other, but we all seemed to be the same basic type. Foodies who make pretty good money but aren't exactly rich who are willing to pay for a one-of-a-kind once-in-a-lifetime dining experience.We all LOVED our food. In fact, at one point the chefs left to get something from the kitchen and one of the guys said, "Good, they're gone. Now we can lick our plates." We all chuckled but all highly considered it. No one wanted to waste one single drop of deliciousness.I would say my favorite course was the chickpea soup with iberico pork. The "chickpeas" were filled with iberico pork and chickpea broth. It was amazing. I had never had iberico pork and instantly fell in love.I am not a fan of desserts and there were quite a few served. However, I have to admit that I liked every single one of them. My favorite involved olive oil, cocoa powder and mascarpone or something similar. We were instructed to drag our spoons through the olive oil and into the cocoa powder. Sounded weird but WOW!My wife is a connoisseur of flan and said that hands down e's was the best she had ever had. I don't care for flan, but I had to agree this flan was delish! I could go on and on about every single course. But lots of people have already done that, and it would be very hard to truly do any of the courses justice.Aside from the food itself, the other awesome aspect was being able to watch the creation and plating of many of the courses. Everything was done with such care and perfection. The chefs used droppers and tweezers to carefully add the most delicate items. I was in awe throughout the whole dinner and was envious of the chefs who get to work with such great ingredients every day.About midway through the dinner, the chefs told us to look behind us. When we did, we saw none other than Jose' Andres. He was in town for Uncork'd and stopped in for a moment to see how we were all doing. We all expressed our amazement at everything we had tried thus far.When we finished our meal, I saw Jose' sitting at one of the tables in Jaleo. I asked one of the waiters if it would be okay for me to go up to him and ask for his autograph. He said that Jose' was being interviewed by a food magazine but should be done shortly and I could wait at the bar and approach him once he was done. I did so, and once his interview was over I was able to catch him before he went back into the kitchen. He autographed my menu and my wife took a picture of us. The people from the food magazine were still around and their photographer snapped a few pics too. It was a perfect ending to a perfect night.I mentioned earlier that this was a once-in-a-lifetime experience. However, I can't imagine never going back. Maybe I should change that to a once every 5 years event. Or if I get a big raise, maybe once a year. Even my wife who usually gets upset when we go to higher-priced places as she thinks it's not worth it (and that's with a bill about 1/6 of e'), said that the meal was totally worth it.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/30/2012,1041,258,4,7,8>This place lives up to the hype surrounding it. Boyfriend chose this as my birthday dinner venue and I am thrilled that he did. We sat lakeside and the ambiance is amazing. Very romantic scenery, however, not very intimate as you have to shout at each other in order to hear over the noise of the waterfall and everything else around.The service was very friendly and accommodating. We had some trouble deciding on the wine and they offered us samples before we made our choices. Water was always refilled, plates cleared and server checked in regularly. The bread basket was DELICIOUS. I started off with the appetizer of oysters on a half shell which were amazing. My entree was the pan roasted sea scallops which were cooked to perfection. The risotto complemented the dish incredibly. Boyfriend opted for the Snapper dish which I don't see on the online menu. That was tasty, but I was much more pleased with my selection. We shared a side of the black truffle creamed corn just because it had such rave reviews. It was fine. I did not find it as orgasmic as others seem to have, but it was tasty nevertheless.Dress code seems to be strictly enforced.Very enjoyable meal worth every penny.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,9/29/2012,105,209,7,11,10>I feel like with haircuts, there's no room for error. I mean, I two-star haircut will stay you with for a while before it can be rightly fixed, no? A three-star hair cut is kinda the base expectation you have, and a four-star haircut is what you want. So what's a five-star haircut? Glad you asked...I five-star haircut is when the synergy of the place really makes it shine. In the case of A Cut Above Hair Studio, it starts with the name. With a name like that, I almost expected to walk into a place where there were lots of kids listening to music and being hipsters with too-tight pants and lights and other annoyances. But this place is not that! It's really cool! So that's awesome. Secondly, I really enjoyed my haircut from Lori. She took a minute to figure out what she was working with (I have caveman-like hair habits, it seems) and attacked. During the course of the haircut, she was cool and we talked about all manner of stuffs. From the fact that dogs think they're people to the weather to whatever. Then, she did this scalp massage thing during the shampoo portion of the cut which was awesome. I literally could've fallen asleep if it were socially acceptable to do so. Finally, the hair cut/finished product. Honestly, my idea of a nice hair cut is a number 2 all around. Easy to do, can't mess it up, and I do not have to do anything with my hair to get ready for work or school or whatever. Lori was really cool about telling me I needed to get up to speed with a fashionable haircut, and I let her do her hair cut thang. Finished product? A really sensible haircut that I can mold in three seconds out of the shower that seems to be a success with the womenfolk. Also, this place has a killer music selection going. All that together is five-star worthy in my book!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,9/28/2012,381,465,7,9,10>Time for possibly the fastest turnaround ever on a review.Just got home from Omelet House, the Boulder and Russell location. It's just a few minutes from my house, and I was a bit apprehensive because of the mixed reviews. However, when I saw that it was doing brisk business at Sunday brunch hour (11:30), my fears were allayed.It's the Omelet House, so of course I went straight to the omelet menu. I was almost gonna order the Lobster Fest, but I figured it couldn't have that much authentic lobster if it wasn't $15+. I decided on the Bugsy Siegel (#16) instead, which they say is roast beef  in an Italian red sauce, sour cream, and jack cheese. Within a couple of minutes, our server had brought out my pumpkin bread. While the texture is moist, the flavor is good, not great. When I got to the second half of the bread, I had to use a little bit of butter to offset the growing blandness. I slightly preferred my friend's banana nut bread, which I'm definitely going to have next time I'm here.My omelet was just good. It was little overdone and a little bland, which are safe things to do at a diner, but you can't excel if you don't take risks. I might ask them to "undercook" it by half a minute or something next time and see if they'll consent. Oh, and the omelet really is as huge as they say. I might've been able to finish it had I tried harder, but I spared my belly and took about a third of it to-go. Be ready to do the same, or consider sharing the omelet with a friend.The fried potato slices (they're all a little too thick and some are not crunchy enough to be called "chips") were the real star of the show. They come with some dried parsley (?) flakes and some pepper, and they go well with a little bit of Heinz ketchup. They also add a bit of saltiness to the omelet. I also tried some of the Mexi-Chicken, which killed my sensitive taste buds with jalapeno, and the cinnamon apple stuffed french toast, which was yummy and not at all dwarfed by the syrup.This is definitely a nice breakfast joint, and for about $9, it's a very good value. Check it out when you're on this side of town!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,9/26/2012,93,649,5,13,11>People that know me, know how much I like a good deal.  Lake Las Vegas Marina is where I recently found a great deal on kayak and paddle board rentals. $20 an hour plus tax, and they offer a military discount! $20 an hour for kayak and paddleboard rentals, which beats the nearby competitor by a bit. No mandatory beginners class either... Don't assume you need one, I was able to hop right on a paddle board with ease! The staff working were great, I highly recommend renting kayaks and paddle boards from LLVM!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,9/25/2012,366,699,9,9,13>I don't how to really write this one, but here goes. Have you ever had food that was so good that it literally made you forget about everything else? Have you ever left a restaurant smiling from ear to ear and feeling like you're floating on air because it was so damn good? I did that today at Penn's. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better I followed Jaime W's advice and tried the Pad Woon Sen. In the past I've had bad experiences with noodle dishes and it's been almost 9 years since I ate my last one that was similar to this one. The wait was worth it because this dish truly exceeded any and all expectations I had. Screw this nice writing crap, it was totally freakin awesome. Ok, these are supposed to be fair and balanced reviews and after today, any chance of being fair and balanced towards Penn's is hopelessly gone. I'm flat out in love with this place and their food. Resistance is stupid and leaves you hungry, I give in, I'm hooked, and this case is closed. 5 Stars earned, re-earned, and validated over and over again. It's at the point I take family here. I'll pay for their dinner just to get them to try it. I'll need to become a reverend so I can preach about how good this place is. While YMMV: Your mileage may vary, for me, this is truly as good as it gets. I have never had a food experience that comes close to what I've experienced here. Yeah, seriously, I really think it's worthy of the praise.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,9/24/2012,295,89,15,15,12>It is incumbent upon Rex to apologize for his long absence...let's say that Rex was training for the Olympics and now that is over he can get back to writing reviews...his true passion. (That is a much nicer story than coming to the realization too late that apparently old folks homes don't want to see Rex's erotic version of Winnie the Poo...especially the poo part...and that it took 4 arrests and 5 stints in county before he realized this absolute truth...yes...olympics is nicer.) In between...um...workouts for the Olympics...Rex aways would crave seafood. Let's just say where Rex was...um...working out...they didn't have access to the freshest seafood...damn jail...Rex means London...whatever.The powerful pull of amazing seafood is one that Rex is often subject to...but in Las Vegas Nevada there is a very low...VERY LOW chance of being able to find that great seafood. Even at the classiest restaurants their dumpsters are filled with leftover subpar seafood. Also, in these recessionary times Rex...like all of us...is ever conscious about finances...when he makes his own roofies...he uses immitation Mentos...that is how broke Rexy is right now...but that is another story.  So, where does a budget conscious foodie who is desperate to get that sweet meat from the sea...(ironically Sea Sweet Meat was Rex's nickname in the Navy)...well...Rex has found the best possible place. A place that isn't just good for Vegas...which many places could be labeled...no...this is GREAT for anywhere. Where is it...Crab Corner. Even the words are great...Crab (not crabS...that isn't good)...and Corner...which we can all agree is better than a square. First and foremost before we get to the menu...which is all brilliant...one thing must be said...ALL OF THE SEAFOOD IS FLOWN IN FRESH EVERY DAY!!!!! Really read that and understand what it means. FRESH EVERY DAY!!  Not this frozen crap that is sold in stores...that isn't seafood...that is a waste of money. Since Rex has spent his time in the east coast...he knows great seafood...and you CANNOT FREEZE SEAFOOD AND THINK IT IS GOOD!! The fact that these two brothers (great guys, they don't even mind when Rex licks their dumpster) would go to this extent to provide great ingredients is a testament to their commitment. At this point it would be almost impossible to screw up and they dont.Let's start with the greatest dish they have and the FINEST bowl of soup in town...the lobster bisque. Proof in one bowl there is a God. There are no fillers, it isn't some cream filled monstrosity with some frozen crab thrown in it. NO!  This is the real deal. The depth of flavor they get is just out of this world. No life can be complete and NOT eat a bowl of this soup. Rex wants his ashes to be thrown in the soup and then served to unsuspecting customers...that is how good the soup is and how bad Rex is.The rest...is all great. The crabs are obviously amazing. Absolutely perfectly cooked and seasoned. The jewel of Rex's heart is the FRESH, hand battered oysters. Salty, briney, sweet, perfectly battered. Just amazing. Rex could go on and on but there is nothing bad.  If there is one minor complaint, to nitpick, their cole slaw is uninspired, the sweet potato fries are sometimes too soggy and one of Rex's lobster tail was extremely overcooked to the point of rubbery. Sometimes the attention to detail in the more delicate culinary pursuits are just not done as well as they should be. Still, on the whole this is the BEST seafood restaurant in town and it won't break your bank.As the great Rex Marvin says..."does it smell like fish....then give her to Rex!"  Enjoy!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/23/2012,903,497,12,20,18>Ok so before I go on with this review, I need to tell you first that I am not too much into sushi except for your basic California rolls. With that said, what I always wanted to do was try ALL types of sushi. My reasoning is that why try different types and pay for each roll. What if I dont like that roll? So the best answer was to do an all you can eat! Pay one price and try everything! Well everything that you can eat anyway. I heard if you have leftovers they charge you. So my plan was to go with friends and team up!So, this place has a buy 2 all you can eat, get one free! Split the bill three ways and you're set! They have this special I think starting at 9 pm. Call them for more details.Now for the food. OMG! First of all, I didnt know there were lots of different sushi combinations and they all have different names. For this place you got sexual inuendos as names. How fitting for a sushi virgin. Names like sex on the beach, ex boyfriend/girlfriend, and 69 are just some of the options. Hay, im not making this up! I tried a lot of different rolls my friends ordered. Of course we were not able to order everything. Service was good. I didnt have any thing out of the ordinary to complain about. We got what we ordered in a timely manner. Refills were constant. Our server answered all my questions quickly and even had some suggestions. Everything I tried seemed really good. I didnt even bother trying to read what each individual roll consisted of. With the help of my friends, all the selections were really good. I think the next time I will be more assertive in picking my own rolls. For now, this experience was well worth it and I can take it off my bucket list.So if you have any favorites or suggestions for me, (heck, even a recommendation for another sushi place is welcome so I can compare is fine with me) feel free to send me a message! Im still trying to get the hang of eating sushi! Thanks Sushi Bomb for being gentle!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,9/22/2012,372,247,6,7,8>I am a fan. There hasn't ever been a time when I have had company come in town to visit and I didn't take them to this place.Seriously, you cannot go wrong with the burgers, wings, fries and onion rings in this place.The burgers are all made to order and you simply check on your Menu Sheet what you want on your burger and how you want it cooked. Same goes with the wings, how many wings, what flavors, what sides, etc. It's the best cheap eats around. Seriously. Sometimes the service can be a little slow especially when the bar next door is extremely busy so do not come here in a rush. Lay back and enjoy the moment and cheap food you are about to experience. If you take your burger to go, please note that they charge you a dollar extra.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,9/21/2012,563,825,8,14,11>I thought this might be fun, but I had no idea.Operating the excavator was a downright blast. I initially called to reserve two bulldozer sessions. I'm glad I switched our reservations. Within your 90-minute playtime, you get to dig a big hole, move and stack some large tires from one end of your sandbox to the other, and even play some excavator basketball. I'm not saying that pushing dirt around with a bulldozer wouldn't have been fun; it's just that the excavator activities seemed more diverse and interesting.It's normal to feel a little trepidation ahead of your experience. Once I stepped onto the dirt and climbed into my machine, all of that went away. What really helps is how detailed the instructors are. Ruben was fantastic. He guided us individually and as a whole through each activity. You'd think it would be difficult to pick up a 30-inch basketball off a construction cone and then dump it into the "hoop" (another large tire sitting on the ground). Surprisingly, I glided through all four of my basketballs and even had time for an extra--we'll call that the money ball. The only thing I didn't have time to do was sit the top tire vertically during the tire stacking exercise.Is it worth $250? Absolutely! I'll admit that it's the type of thing that's outside my price range. But if you have the money and it's something you've always wanted to do, then you need to call them right now. Seriously.Thanks to Lily and to Jieun's friend Min for (1) winning the gift certificates, (2) not being in town to be able to use them, and (3) giving them to us!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/19/2012,620,206,5,11,10>AWESOME!I treated my Dad to this experience for Father's Day and needless to say, it was very memorable! He raved that it was the best Father's Day gift ever :) That's a pretty high remark from a man like my Dad.Exotics Racing was very accomodating from start to finish. I booked this experience day of (I know, bad daughter) but they had no problem accommodating my 11:15am telephone call for a 2:00pm booking session.We arrived at their facility a little early to get checked in and browse through their fleet. I am a huge fan of exotic cars and their fleet is top notch. Some of my favorites were the Mercedes Gullwing and the Audi R8.My Dad and I selected Lamborghini Gallardos as our weapons of choice :)Prior to hitting the track all drivers are brought in to their Briefing Room, where you are briefly lectured by some of their instructors on the history of the company and the track itself. It was very informative and not too long. As you can imagine, people were eager to get out there and drive.We were taken on a courtesy lap around the track in a Porsche Cayenne so that you can get a "lay of the land" so to speak and familiarize yourself with the track. After that we were fitted for helmets (which my Dad ended up not having to wear because he was too tall once actually seated in the Lambo lol).The trainers who ride with you are top notch and I would definitely recommend spending the extra $70 for a dvd/media disc of your experience. You also receive a certificate of completion that lists which vehicles you drove. It's cheesy but cute.Racing exotics is a pricey experience, but as others have commented here on review, definitely worth every penny with a company like this.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,9/18/2012,210,136,8,9,9>Dear Hoover Dam,I must admit... I . AM . IN . L O V E... I can remember the very first time I saw you... it was on TV as I was watching the movie, "Fools Rush In."  And as Alex professed his love for Isabel, I can remember gazing upon your strong wall... standing tall... holding your beauty... and playing your part... the scene couldn't have been more perfect!  It was sweet... and I knew one day, I just had to meet you....and I remember the very first time I met you... it wasn't too long ago.  So I hiked the 4+ miles from the Railroad Tunnels just to see you... knowing that I would have to hike the 4+ miles to get back  ...and the moment I once set my eyes on you, I was instantly  c a p t i v a t e d .  It was  e x a c t l y  as I remembered it in the movie... seeing your strong symbolic wall, standing tall, being at peace, noticing the depth of your exterior, all the while supporting the body of the calm Colorado waters... and as I leaned forward to gaze upon you...  I took one breath... and I said one word... B E A U T I F U L !  See, I'm a gal who grew up by the coast.  Yes, I talk to the waters... because it calms my mind.  I gaze out into the beauty of the picturesque... whether it be the ocean & the beach... or the river & the mountains.  I talk... you listen... the relationship is blissful... Yes, it took me a while to meet you.  It was in '97 when that movie was released... But to create a lasting relationship... the proper meeting should take its time... and may I say?  You are worth it!  And now... I make time to come see you often.  You're calming, you're patient, you're beautiful, you're symbolic, you've listened, you've opened my mind, and you've helped me to grow.So... I must admit.  It was...  L O V E at first sight.......and love, I'll be seeing you soon!Yours Truly,Lily
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,9/17/2012,765,431,3,7,7>I miss Jewish delis in LA. Nate and Al's, Brent's Deli, Canter's, etc.This is THE closest thing. I stopped in one morning when I was craving a heavy breakfast. I got the everything bagel with nova and cream cheese. For the first time in my life, I had a choice between Lox and Nova. If you don't know the difference, google it. The Nova and Lox are priced per lb, and its a bit pricey, but who cares. You get what you pay for.I am glad this place is down the street from my office. I'll be back!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,9/16/2012,682,135,2,11,9>Upon entering Chocolate and Spice a few miles west of the Vegas strip, there is an immediate sense of sophistication and class to this recent bakery opened by Megan Romano, former pastry chef at Aureole with one Michelin star under her belt.  A copy of her new book "It's a Sweet Life" was open at the counter and I was struck by the quote on the back of the book:"A great dessert *speaks to you, yet it never shouts. *Invites you to linger over the flavors, not to loosen your belt. It is made to *impress, not to overwhelm.For me, dessert has often been an afterthought to a great meal, and with the selections of sweet goodness here, I may have discovered my long-lost sweet-tooth.  The counter is filled with a tantalizing selection of sorbets/ice creams, pastries, and artisan chocolates.  Yet there are also mouthwatering savory selections including a brioche bun baked with blackforest ham and gruyere, gourmet sandwiches, and freshly made frittatas still intact in their baking pans.  I opted to order a cup of coffee, a slice of the veggie frittata, and a personal benchmark for any bakery I venture into, the pain au chocolat (chocolate croissant).The frittata was drizzled in a freshly made basil pesto and had a delicate texture akin to a fine Japanese chawanmushi topped by a crispy crust of golden shaved parmesan with intermittent nooks and crannies of fresh spring vegetables such as chive and asparagus.   The pain au chocolate stayed true to her philosophy with just enough chocolate to leave you wanting more but not in excess so as to prevent one appreciating the buttery and flaky croissant which is the primary star. The decor and layout of the venue is beautiful, very much reflecting Chef Romano's fine arts background, and no attention to detail is spared.  There is nothing short of "everything nice" to be enjoyed here in addition to Chocolate and Spice, and I can't wait to return for more.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,9/15/2012,114,197,7,9,6>This restaurant is what can happen when the idea of  Benihana meets the casual laid back Las Vegas babe,    The offspring turns out to be a down to Earth, volcano rock grill in the middle of nowhere street.    Okay, the area grew a bit since I first reviewed them, but I have to admit this grille got me restarted Yelping after a 34 month hiatus from this site; and YES,  this place left  this kind impression on me.Last time I was there, I had this flashback of  Ed O'Neill doughnut manager character from Wayne's World, because  It seems like  the two owners never leave the kitchen, and live behind that grille.     They chopped and cut with a passion, and take pride in what they consistently do very well.   I have to say this guys can whip up a killer Teppanyaki meal in a few minutes, and it doesn't matter if you're on a diet or not, because they have clean choices for anyone diet.    The selection of brown rice, fried rice, fried noodles, and a really good grilled vegetables are the norm of their bento boxes.    Filet is still my favorite, but the chicken can be addicting.      It's hard for me to say no to this place, because if I pass it....I will come.  It's sad that I spend more on gasoline to come here, compared to what I pay for a meal at this hole in the wall.    Build one in Henderson.....please.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/13/2012,420,186,23,39,26>WHERE: Located on Durango, between Dessert Inn & Sahara. (It's in the same vicinity as the Storage place)WHEN: They are conveniently open Monday through Sunday =D.WHY: To get your eyebrows did, and all that unnecessary hair you don't want and need... hahaWHAT:  Sooo... I was reading about local eyebrow threading places on yelp, and this one popped up during my research.  The reviews I did read were all really positive, and luckily when I pulled up my groupon app, there they were! So what does repetitive exposure/advertising do to me?! Correct, I get suckered in to trying it! =D. The first time I stepped foot into the shop, I was nicely greeted.  I have been coming here to get my eyebrows done for several months now, and I keep coming back.  This is a family-owned business & family is what I feel like when I am here. =) I now bring my family along with me every month. My mom and aunts love it, and are always excited for our eyebrow-threading field trip.The woman who does my eyebrows ($10 to thread by the way) is such a sweetheart! It's like going to a nail shop and talking about everything and more with your nail lady. Instead, it's with my eyebrow lady! =D, she's my favorite! She is extremely patient, informative, and has become like family to me!Don't get me wrong, they not only thread eyebrows, but the entire face! I believe they do waxing as well. And! They do eyelash clusters for a great price (I haven't personally tried it yet, but I will soon!)I leave you with this...If you are looking for a waxing/threading spot, come in and try it out! You will not be disappointed! =D
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/12/2012,157,244,12,13,12>I've been in a Yelp review hiatus for a minute but sometimes Stella needs just a little MASHISOYO to get her groove back!Now I typically don't rave about service....Don' get me wrong.  Service is important and part of the "experience" but food trumps all.  At Mashisoyo they deliver in food deliciousness and service.........at an ASIAN restaurant.  Mashisoyoooooooooo!  Good chant.From the minute we walked in, it was as if we were visiting our Korean aunt who showered us with food and love.  We ordered the #10 Combo which came with BBQ beef bulgogi and selected the Combo Tofu Sundubu which was amazing.  A little advice -  I believe they may dummy down and tailor the spice since they're not in Spring Mtn so if you like it a little hotter, be sure to ask.  We got a 5 and it was probably a 1-2 on the thai scale so next time we'll ask for a 7 or 8.  Also the portions as outlined in other reviews are ridiculous.....it can easily feed 2.  The tofu was extra smooth and silky.  Ban-chan was plentiful and their seafood pancakes has the perfect crispness which must be dipped in their crack-like sauce.  You can pour the sauce on a shoe and I'd like it up.   Think i'm kidding....well i'm not.To round out the meal, we had 2 milk teas and for the price, i felt like i was robbing these sweet korean people. Anyhow, there's a very short handful of places I would frequent over and over again bc I like to try as many eateries as I can but since this place is so close, I will be Mashisoyo'ing it up very soon.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,9/11/2012,606,96,7,16,12>I decided to try this place out after work & what a lively, happening atmosphere I walked into. You can easily access this restaurant, which is located in the Cosmopolitan Hotel by entering in their garage parking & find a spot in the East side area. Once you get in the elevator, hit the button #2 that says Wicked Spoon and Convention Center. When you come out, walk to your right & in seconds you'll be hearing some jammin' music & see an array of colorful artwork all over this place.I checked in with the hostess & was told to walk in the middle of the room, where another hostess was waiting to escorted me to my table. Quick & prompt just the way I like it ;) I sat in front of two nice sized flat screen tvs to watch the sports channel. It was literally a money spot. Front row view & nobody to block lil' ol' me. I like this spot.. oh yes I do.My server, Jonathan acknowledged my presence & was greeted ever so swiftly as he finished with an order from another party. Giving me his undivided attention, he did the squat to talk to me, which I felt was a better way in interacting and actually connecting with a guest. A more personable approach I would say... I asked him if there was any way I could take my food to go, since I explained that I would like to share it with my Family and he was more than willing to oblige my request. He went over the menu with me & gave me the highlights on each item I was interested in trying. I appreciate his honesty on how I should get my Salmon cooked and what I could possibly add if I would like it to be more juicy & flavor in the Turkey choice that I ordered. Jonathan was very helpful and didn't mind taking the time to let me know what he thought would enhance my dining experience. Kudos to that & without even giving me my food yet & I gave him his well deserved tip. I think he even bowed & said thank you so much. Wait.. I think I bowed to him first?!?? Eh it's in my culture to bow when I appreciate & respect someone. Koreans have a certain hand gesture when giving someone a card, dish, drink, anything exchanging from one another. Don't mind me.. I'm just being ME.Tom Turkey Sliders ( comes in 3's ) from the Tiny Buns Section - When you first glance at these trios... Adorably cute. It consists of sprouts, cucumber slaw, & Russian dressing on the side. The dressing itself is between a hint of Horseradish & Thousand Island Dressing. It gives off a tangy bite at first, then instantly mellows out like cream. The tiny buns oddly enough had the texture of taffy.. a bit on the dry side, But I ended up liking the chewy bites. I generously dipped my slider in the dressing & although it wasn't all grand slam.. I was pleasantly happy with the meat portion, which was thick & juicy. Crispy Pork Belly Bun - ( comes in 3's ) Think of Peking Duck Steamed Bun & instead of chives, its thinly sliced cucumber & pea shoots. I swear there was cilantro in the mix too. The hoisin sauce is more like a Chinese barbeque-like sauce that has somewhat a balanced mix of tangy, salty, and sweetness some fruity undertones. The steamed buns were fluffy and so soft. The pork belly was nicely cooked to perfection in such a way, being so tender, yet crisp on the outer portions of the meat. A combination that anybody would love.Captain Hook - I ordered the grilled Atlantic Salmon medium as my server recommended and it looked ravishing. I would say this is a good looking burger. Succulent and vibrant. Marvelous in taste combining the house cured gravlax aka thinly sliced raw salmon atop with the grilled salmon. Together with pickled shallots, herb-caper mayo, and frissee leaves.. This was definitely a Hit for me, especially if you like textured meats. I chose the shoestring instead of steakcut fries that comes with this meal. Thin, crispy, and tasty! I have to note.. the meat was unbelievably moist and juicy. I'm Hook'ed!My Family and I enjoyed all the burgers. The music at Holstein's is fresh. Even made me want to workout in my mouth and tapped Both of my feet to the beats. Friendly staff and wonderful service. I would recommend Jonathan again to be my server. I did observe his interaction with his guests while waiting for my food to go. He was exceptionally polite and attentive to every table he had. I even heard compliments to him from another table next to me. I did skip on the shakes this time, but the Oreo is my favorite! The artwork here is uniquely admirable. I like the way they hold this place down with colors that will tickle your sweet tooth. Great location for people watching and even mingling :P
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,9/10/2012,106,104,4,9,6>I'm glad there are more Taiwanese options available. Noodle Pot's beef noodle soup is still the king of them all, but this place's beef noodle soup serves up a giant serving of yet-to-be completely tender beef and tendon with their fresh noodles and excellent stew. They also embellish the dish with plenty of vegetables and they place the preserved mustard greens on the side.They also stumped me with one of their side dishes that comes with the pork chop rice. The pork chop rice had a nice batter that could have been slightly fried to a crispier perfection, but the side dish is made with cabbage, some minced daikon and possibly turmeric. I was slightly stumped by what the yellow in this side dish could be, so if you go and you know, then please tell me so I can stop thinking about it!Two other side dishes were cauliflower, so fresh and simple, yet flavorful and comforting; and cucumber with garlic, so refreshing and crunchy. The soup was a delight with some medium pieces of radish infused in the fresh broth with some cut-up fish balls and cilantro to adorn the already fresh and sweet broth. I would like to add that the pork chop rice came with the two side dishes and soup all included for only $7.99. I believe the beef noodle soup was also $7.99. You can feel the cook's love in the food. I'm a fan and will be back!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/9/2012,62,360,9,11,10>This was such a great experience! Now I'm a huge fan of Las Vegas history, and also how the Mob was such a HUGE part of that history. I'm also fascinated by Mob history as well. I've done a lot of reading and research the past few years, so this was totally up my alley!For locals the price is a mere $10 for the entire day, so if you want to leave, walk to Fremont and come back, you could certainly do that. There is so much to read about, a ton of interactive pieces, you could really spend hours in here depending on how much you want to read and take in. We were here about 2 1/2 hours today and I glossed over a few things quicker than others! At that point, I was just on overload! I was talking to the gift shop clerk(very sweet lady btw) and she had told me that the 'record' for someone being in the museum was 7 hours! Damn! Get your ten bucks worth buddy! If you have the time and patience there is enough here to do it!As others have stated, they do have some bloody pics of corpses, so it is not for the squeamish. This really shouldnt be a suprise though. It's the frickin Mob. They're not known for settling differences with pillow fights.There is so much you can learn here and if you enjoy Las Vegas or Mob history, it's a must see. If you enjoy both, such as myself, than get your butt down here, pronto! You're gonna love it!5 stars, toughguy!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,9/8/2012,78,89,8,16,12>Not "a go go" I repeat, not "a go go." That would just be disrespectful to this little gem in the rough.No, it's not fancy. No, their dishes don't match. And no, you won't have to take out a second mortgage to eat breakfast or lunch here. Good food is what I'm all about and this place hits the nail on the head. When in doubt, just go to Hash House (how many times do I have to tell you it's not a go go?). Sometimes you just need a little hash in your life. This place hashes like a professional hasher. Awesome flavor, great texture, and more importantly it feels like your getting a home cooked meal. Hash House is everything a chain restaurant isn't, which is why I like it so much. If you're looking for a basic breakfast they do that exceptionally well. Want something a little fancier like a Monty Cristo? Yep. They do that well. Personally, I'm more of a pancake and egg kind of fella. Mary, the owner, was featured for her pancakes on The Cooking Channel, so she has street cred. I can vouch for those tasty hot cakes, they're off the hook. Their homemade jams are superb. Generally 10+ choices and usually a few unique flavors. Hash House is definitely a "regulars" joint. Become one, you won't regret it.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,9/7/2012,410,224,22,25,16>When I saw this place show up as a Hot New Business on the Yelp frontpage, I thought it was a bit of a silly name.  But it tells you everything you need to know about the business.  Think Subway/Chipotle (Custom Built Sandwich/Burrito) assembly line style ordering, but for pizza.  $8.95 gets you a 12-inch pizza with all the toppings you want.  According to their website:(4) kinds of sauces(4) kinds of cheeses, which you can combine together(7) kinds of meats(7) kinds of veggies(7) kinds of toppers, added after the pizza is cookedWho else sells you a (potentially) 25-topping pizza for $8.95?!  I don't know if I would try it.  Except that I totally would if I could order it without feeling like a bit of a jerk.  Once you order your pie, you'll have it within minutes; these cook fast.  10 minutes after setting foot into the restaurant I had my food!For my very first custom built pizza I had the spicy diavola sauce, fresh mozzarella, Italian sausage, mushroom, garlic and sun dried tomatoes (photo: yelp.com/biz_photos/CeqW).  I can still taste the spicy diavola and garlic in my breath, and I'm quite okay with that.  No gum for me, I'm still enjoying my pizza.  Tasty ingredients all around, and the crust keeps a chewy consistency with a slight crunch.  You want to ask me out for dinner?  How the heck are you gonna do that?  You can build me a pizza or something.  I am a fan and I will most definitely be back.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2012,9/6/2012,443,380,,9,7>Ordered NY chinese last week, and now again this week. this time with some friends who are always ordering chinese takeout. I figured i wanted to see their opinions.We called ahead and asked for the broccoli and beef (large).  Beef and broccoli was good, nice amount of beef. they didnt skimp. It had a little too much sauce for my liking but everyone else loved it. I'm not a saucy person. The lemon chicken had such a light and fresh batter on it. It came on a huge bed of lettuce with fresh lemons. The lemon sauce was on the side and it was a ton! The chicken was very tender, not over cooked at all. I didnt like the lemon sauce, it was very sweet and thick so i skipped it. Orange chicken was same as last time. I'm still a sucker for the orange chicken at Panda Express but this is a nice second place. I liked that this time it had pieces of broccoli. Got to get those veggies in! Just shows that they arent consistant though.OOOH and we also ordered a side of the crab ragoons and they were so crispy and perfect. I was impressed with the amount of crab/creamy cheesy stuff on the inside. They told me it would be ready in less than 20 mins and when we went in 15 mins later it was ready to go! (and they were super busy too, so glad i called ahead!) Quick and fresh, cant complain!It was really cheap, less than 30 bucks for four people and we had left overs for the next day! The entrees were 8 bucks each and all came with steamed rice. Winner!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,9/5/2012,30,143,7,15,10>I woke up with a horrible pain in my right shoulder, and needing a massage that wasn't going to break the bank (think any of the major casino spas) I checked this place out.It was $32 for an hour with one of the students. I only had to wait about 5 minutes on a saturday morning. Remember this isnt a fancy spa, so you get the massages in a large room seperated with cloth dividers. I really dont care if I hear a moan or breathing from other people, but the cell phones do bother me. Some young girl's phone kept going off, and after the massage I confronted her and told her it was rude. Definitely not the establishment's fault, just some 17 year old girl being a brat. There is a no cellphone sign, but maybe they could tell people when they check in at the front desk to mute phones.The massage was decent... 7/10. I had told the student my shoulder hurt but she ended up doing a full body massage, maybe it was all she knew. As I was leaving, they offered me another hour for only $16 dollars, which I took!And WOW! was I glad. The second student was a 5'4'' asian girl who felt like a 250lb 6'4'' NFL linebacker when she massaged me. 9.5/10 It was -exactly- what I needed. She listened to me before the massage and spent the entire hour working my shoulders and neck. I'm sitting here feeling glorious writing this review.In all, I'd definitely recommend blocking out 2 hours of your time, as for me, the first massage was like a warm up. As this is Vegas and everything is a roll of the dice, if you don't love your first massage make sure you have time to try another student.I will be back.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,9/4/2012,189,158,12,18,13>I dig it. Cool little spot..often filled with UNLV students, and musicians of a sort. I stop in now and then for a few tacos and a few great beers.  They have  great beer selection. I'ma fan of the "Innes and Gunn Rum Cask Aged Beer" too sweet for some, great on my pallet with some spicy pastor tacos. I usually sit at the bar when grabbing a quick bite, but on a day off I'll chill at a table, grab a SEVEN and a WEEKLY and just relax for a bit. The owner is super chill, has a great attitude about things and likes what he does.It's super, extra casual as it's very close to UNLV. and it's got a dive feel to it, and that's all part of the charm. I spent a few years slumming around New Orleans and it brings me back to that. On that note, it actually reminds me of some of the more creative en devours I experience when in a town like New Orleans. So chill and go with the flow. With a price tag of about $1.75-$5.00 per person, it's a favorite spot for quick  and delicious grub. They have everything from carnitas style tacos to vegetarian options. YaYo taco doesn't pretend to be anything it's not. It's a taco joint with some flavor. I will go back again and again. Happy Eating!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/3/2012,887,1183,,7,8>I was in the mood for some sushi recently and discovered there was a new sushi joint called Naka in a space that had some other mediocre sushi joint before.  Thought I'd give it a try, and I'm glad I did.Naka, the owner, was my sushi chef as well, and I had a great time chatting with him throughout my AYCE experience.  Definitely a great deal at $21.95 for dinner.  They even include some special items like sashimi or sweet shrimp.  I stuck to just nigiri, but I might have to try the SSS roll next time.  Shrimp tempura was excellent, and the white tuna was delicious as well.Gonna have to try the $1 sake next time I go, too.  Thanks, Naka!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2012,9/2/2012,292,759,8,10,7>Although I'm one of the most proud Texan girls you will ever meet, for whatever reason I escaped a Texas upbringing without developing a fondness for BBQ. In fact, I kind of hate BBQ. Some might say I'm not a real Texan, but I digress...I waited a long time to try this place for some silly reason. I guess I figured it was yet another BBQ place, and I'd hate it just like all the rest. Luckily, LVG is something DIFFERENT! If you are craving Memphis or Texas style BBQ, you might be disappointed.. but for those of us who don't like BBQ or for you BBQ-lovers who can appreciate a completely different experience, this place is nirvana !So my favorite item on the menu is actually the smoked salmon sandwich. In general I hate fish sandwiches and find them icky, but this is the best fish on bread this girl has ever eaten! They smoke their own salmon and pair it with a lemon garlic aioli.. YUMMMMM. I like mine on ciabbata - it's perfection! (On a side note, the local bakery they get their breads from is INCREDIBLE, and they have the most fresh perfect ciabbata ever ! I have yet to have a sandwich on stale bread here!). Another favorite of mine is the BBQ chicken sandwich with that insane pineapple jerk sauce.. So many things to try and love! Meatballs, sausages, wood-fire roasted wings... .this carnivore couldn't be happier! The staff is friendly, the restaurant is clean, the prices are reasonable.. GO NOW.. :)
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,9/1/2012,299,177,8,34,30>Authentic Japanese soba with the hospitality to match.I grew up eating cold soba noodles. My mom would make them to keep cool during the hot Summer months. And I loved them! However, the noodles I ate were dried in a package thats probably been sitting on the shelf for a year. And the sauce came pre-made in a bottle. I first came across 'real' soba last year in California. So my heart skipped a beat to find out Inaba was joining the family of authentic Japanese restaurants in town.SOBA: Chilled buckwheat noodles topped with nori were served alongside a bowl of tsuyu (sauce). I added the scallion and wasabi and got to dipping. A noodle is a noodle is a noodle--NOT. Noodles, like everything else have flavor. And in a soba dish, especially one served cold, the taste and bite of a noodle can make it or break it. This excellent dish can only be described as delicate, fresh, and clean. After I finished my noodles, my server brought over a cup of the water the soba noodles were cooked in. You mix the hot water with the tsuyu and drink. He informed me that its full of vitamins and very good for you! The soba was also served with a side of fried rice. A dash of soy sauce and some togarashi, it didn't stand a chance.VARIETY: With the warm weather upon us, I needed a refreshing pick-me-up. But there are hot soup options available which I will be digging into next time. The star of our appetizers was the Battera Mackerel. In traditional Osaka style, the mackerel is served square. The filet is pressed in a box which results in a thin piece of fish and its cube shape. It was unusual, but it is now my favorite mackerel in Las Vegas. It was cured just right! The Nasu (Eggplant) Agedashi was lightly fried and served just like my usual agedashi tofu. Although delicious, I would've liked the eggplant a little softer. I ordered the sausages for my friend who needed something particularly savory. But I stole one for myself. Tasty, but skippable.DRINKS: Boricha (roasted barley tea) is served in place of water. I believe you can order hot tea for an added cost. And I didn't see any alcohol on the menu either.SERVICE: The two servers were so polite it hurt. I love the Japanese. They were sweet-natured and apologized for the smallest of infractions.Like my eating partner, I can imagine many people leaving here underwhelmed and dissatisfied. How many people do you know would leave the house for cold soup? But for those of us who can appreciate the simplicity of Japanese cooking, this specialty restaurant is doing everything right. They treat you and your food with the utmost respect it deserves.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/31/2012,664,612,11,18,15>My birthday was topped off with my coveted reservation at Kabuto last night.  I was able to get reservations only at 8 PM, so we entered on time and were seated at the bar.  We ended up next to the GM and Lead Sommelier of Sensi, who knew both Misti Y. and Bobby Y. well, and when I got to work today, I learned my supervisor knows them as well!  It is a small world.I ordered sparkling rose and Eric R. the moscato d'asti - we were celebrating after all!  Also, iced green tea for me and hot green tea for him.  He opted for the nigiri set and I ordered the omakase.  We spoke with our bar-mates and the chefs about our upcoming trip to Japan.  It almost makes me nervous thinking about it!We started with the pineapple sake apertif (made in house) - went down easy and very refreshing.  Appetizer: ankimo with wakame and cucumber.  Delicious.  Next, the chef asked if I wanted my sashimi and grill courses first, and then Eric R. and I could have sushi courses at the same time.  We agreed.  I shared my sashimi with Eric R. (tuna, cherry salmon, white snapper + daikon, wakame, seaweed noodles but not kelp - I asked).Next, grill course was grilled snapper tail, boiled mantis shrimp (purple shrimp that tasted almost like soft shell crab - amazing), and small clam sliced.  Then we began the sushi course.  We started with blue fin tuna, golden snapper, shad, king of squid, tamago, anago, and cherry salmon.  The confusion began here.  We had ordered our meals with one chef, but the other chef made the sushi course for us.  He mixed up who had nigiri set and who had omakase.  So I ended up eating Eric R.'s dinner for a time, and we realized it and felt embarrassed.  I definitely did not want to complain, but I did not want a hungry husband at the prices we paid.  We mentioned it to the chefs and Eric R. received his remaining pieces.  So they generously had given me extra nigiri on the house.We had triangle (back of tuna, fatty), jack mackerel, ikura, uni, orange clam.  Then Eric R. ordered extra at that point: dharma snapper (because it was the last piece, it was on the house!), halfbeak (he had the last of that too haha), and black grouper, which was his favorite of those additions.  We forgot to get sweet shrimp until it was out as well.  Next, we each received negi toro handrolls.  Then I got a delicious miso soup with tiny mushrooms that had amazing flavor.  Eric R. asked for a bowl of sushi rice.  Lastly, dessert.  We ordered one strawberry layered crepe and the house made mochi, but since we don't like peanut butter we got 2 vanilla and 1 matcha.  After dessert, we received a different type of hot green tea to end the meal.Overall, it was a unique, 2 hour experience, a very calming and special one.  It is very different than high energy, large, fast-paced AYCE joints for sure.  Every cut of fish is fresh and special for the day.  When we were served nigiri, the chef told us the name and origin of the fish.  The real wasabi was WOW!  The service was a tad slow - it was very difficult to get our non-alcoholic drinks initially and I don't like to drink too much alcohol before eating, and it was very hard to track down a server and get refills on water and tea.  The kindness of the servers and the willingness of the chefs to answer our questions and to correct the mistake in who was eating what made it a very stellar experience.  Due to the fact we will spend buku bucks in Japan for 2 weeks, I do not know if we can return to Kabuto any time soon but I highly recommend it for a special occasion.  Reservations required.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,8/30/2012,161,172,9,9,10>Boar's Head Deli meat is where it's at!  That's the first thing I do is go to those order terminals next to the deli.  Chose my meat or cheese, amount, and size of thickness through the order screen (I'm on the Boars Cracked Pepper Milled Smoked Turkey thick slices).  After my submission a ticket will print out a number and a eta time will appear on the screen.  Usually about 5min wait time.Boars Head Nutrient Book right hur: boarshead.com/pdf/NutritWhile that get going I'll either head over to the produces section or butcher's arena.  One of today special was 2 head of cauliflower for $3.  There's always some blowout deal going on daily, so check frequently for must go fruits and vegs.  Just make sure you give it a really good, honest inspection before placing it in your cart.I've also picked up a Cajun chicken breast for $1.99 a breast which conclude a healthy, valued meal under $5 with veggies to spare for my NY Steak i selected at 11.99/lb.   Everything is at a reasonable price, and clearly safe to say that the meat processing area is suitable for any handling of raw meat and fishes.  It's all performed out in the open!If you don't have 30min to spare to cook everything yourself they also have an abundant of prepped food and sides in to-go containers made daily.   I never tried, but they look very tempting. Everytime!  This is one of my go-to neighborhood store, that's not even in my hood.  I ride around  and i get it.Note: Free A/C!
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,8/29/2012,97,362,6,11,6>Personable, professional, and punctual.  My first trip to Cheyenne Dental Group was pleasant and, dare I say, relaxing, despite the presence of loud, whining instruments and needles!  The staff did their best to create and maintain a calm environment, which I appreciated.  My hygienist, Jennifer, was fantastic; she asked me if I had any problem areas or concerns and she obviously listened because she was more than attentive to my sensitive areas.  Dr. Tran was super friendly and described what he was going to do to my teeth based on my x-rays pics and suggested a timeline for keeping my pearly whites, er, white.  Perhaps the best and most surprising aspect about my visit here was the office's punctuality.  My appointment was for 10am and after filling out the requisite "new patient" forms, I was escorted to my dental chair at 10:05am.  Had I been quicker to fill out the forms, I'm sure I would have started my appointment even sooner.  It is a sad state of affairs when I list "punctuality" as a standout trait for a dentist's office, but as most of us know too well, promptness and swiftness are not adjectives often used to describe medical appointments.I'm so glad I listened to my yelp peeps and decided to go here.  All staff with whom I interacted were genuinely likable and professional.  My teeth look terrific.  :)  I heartily recommend this dental group and am looking forward to my next visit (weird to say, but true!).
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/28/2012,400,1236,5,17,13>This is a very unassuming little shop. I have had them bookmarked for some time, but finally got the chance to pick up a little something for lunch. I tried the BBQ pork banh mi. They take credit Visa and Mastercard with a minimum $8 purchase. They advertise that their bread is baked fresh every 45 minutes and you can tell. It's crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. The sandwich is quite large as well, compared to some of the other banh mi places I've been to, the prices are really great as well. Just $3 for every sandwich on their menu. Definitely a great deal, I'll be coming back again soon to get my banh mi fix on.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,8/27/2012,214,227,11,9,8>Now that I have had Dom DeMarco's a few times, I think I can give it a complete review.  I am not a fan of thick pizza.  It's doughy and unpleasant and I just do not enjoy it as a general rule.  Fortunately, Dom DeMarco's has a solution for those friends who cannot agree on a crust: Two styles of crust!  One is a Regular crust (New York thin) and one is Square crust (thick and cooked in a cast iron pan).Despite my aversion to thick pizza, Dom DeMarco's really does it right.  My friends insisted we try one of each, so we got the Big Apple in Square and the Di Fara Special in Regular.  Both were really awesome.  Naturally, I loved the thin one best (Di Fara) but even I have to admit that this thick crust is good and the combo of meats on the Big Apple was out of this world.The Eggplant pizzettes were money! Little, crunchy eggplant slices covered in parmesan and ricotta.  Yes, please.  Also enjoyed the Tomatoes & Burrata cheese appetizer.  Two criticisms: (1) we had an incredibly long wait due to the Cougar Den in the bar, but Dom DeMarco's is popular with a certain age group of women in Summerlin, so what are you going to do?  It's worth the wait; (2) that thick crust does not heat up well.  It was a grease ball the next day, so eat it while it's hot!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,8/26/2012,167,188,7,7,7>Not quite a 5 star yelp establishment but very close!I was lucky enough to get to try a number of things here! The uni pasta, the squid ink pasta, the calamari and a few other things. My favorite dish by a mile was the uni pasta! A must try because of its generous portion size and amount of uni for ~$30! The squid ink pasta was good too except it stains your whole mouth black =(. Good thing I have excellent dental hygiene! =D I was pretty happy with the main courses but I feel the appetizers and desserts are just okay and dont stand out like the main courses do. Anyway, if you haven't tried it and you like sea urchin! Get the Uni Pasta! I will definitely be back for more of this!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/25/2012,433,1034,8,16,11>Yuhi K. was talking about wanting to try this restaurant out at the last sushi UYE and it has been stuck in my head to visit. After reading the reviews of my fellow Yelpers and friends, I had to go. At first, I wondered about how they were going to survive with the upcoming summer heat while serving hot pots. I might be a freak that enjoys eating boiling hot soups in the middle of a Vegas summer, but many more are about to join after one taste.I got the much written about Intestine and Radish Hot Pot. Do not let the name of the restaurant fool you. There is nothing mini about these sterno fueled cauldrons. Although they have a rule about one pot per person, it can feed two easily. Don't like the rules? "NO SOUP FOR YOU!" It is ok, just take the leftovers home. The condiment bar has everything to personally custom your vat of gastronomical delight. Fresh chopped scallions and cilantro was added with a heavy hand. A side of house made sesame paste and BBQ sauce was ready for dipping. For $10.99, I left with two meals and a happy stomach. Do not let the heat outside deter you. In some Asian countries, eating hot foods helps to cool the body down and Booming Spot has the best cure for the heat.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,8/24/2012,328,389,4,13,12>I've been wanting to check this place out ever since I first heard about it.  A store all about aliens?  And it had a giant extraterrestrial outside?  Sign me up!It's a smaller store, but filled with everything alien-related you could possibly imagine and then some.  There are lots of really interesting books, some of which are a bit retro and fun to flip through.  If there was ever a DVD that had an alien in it, you can bet it's at The Flying Saucer.  They also have DVDs of The Twilight Zone and X-Files, Star Wars toys, as well as alien-themed key chains, t-shirts, guitars, and marionettes.  Basically, it's your one-stop alien shop.Lots of fun to visit when you are in Boulder City.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/23/2012,258,295,4,13,8>By far the freshest AYCE in town! I can't tell you how excited I am that this place is close to my work. I have a new favorite AYCE sushi place! I visited on a Friday afternoon around 2:30 and they weren't very busy. The waitress was very friendly and took my order right away. I never once had to ask for a refill on my drink, the service was beyond efficient. The sushi chef recommended some nigiri and came through with some amazing selections. I tried the following: scallop, salmon, white tuna, ahi tuna, and cajun albacore. Every bite of the nigiri was delicate, fresh and savory. I ordered a couple of rolls which were executed perfectly: volcano roll and a spicy crab hand roll. The sides I ordered were: dynamite, shrimp tempura and green mussels. Everything was delicious. I was amazed at how wonderful every bite of food was.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,8/22/2012,63,143,6,14,7>Jadira took me here as a surprise the other day and what a surprise indeed!  Perfect timing too. . . right before we go and see The Hunger Games!  Pros:  * Incredibly friendly staff -  Jadira had made reservations prior, but it turns out that the reservation was actually a week off.  The gentleman behind the counter said not to worry though and was able to accommodate us anyhow.      *  Mini Lesson -  If this is your first time to shoot a bow and arrow, don't worry.  They give you a little lesson about archery to assure you are on your A game.  *  Offerings - I didn't walk around much, but it seemed that they had everything you could imagine that deals w/ archery.  The range is indoors and is right past the store front.  The shooting area had numerous different targets to accommodate all skill levels.Cons:  *  Ouch - While I was about to shoot, the guy giving us the mini-lesson pointed at something on my bow... long story short, the string part on the bow smacked his finger and ricocheted off and whipped my forearm, leaving me with a nasty bruise and missing a few layers of skin.  No biggie though.  *  The bathroom is a bit on the dirty side, but hey at least there IS a bathroom (which is definitely a plus)!Overall:  *  This is something that I never thought I'd get to try.  What an awesome experience!  I highly recommend it to anyone up for trying it.  It's sort of hidden in the middle of Chinatown (in the plaza East of Ranch 99...assuming you are facing the entrance to Ranch 99).  I never knew it was there.  We asked how long they had been there and the guy responded 18 years!  Tips: *  If you are a South Paw, make sure to mention it before you get your bow. *  They have little protection things for your finger.  It hurts after awhile so use it. *  Aim lower than your target... It may be different for everyone, but it worked for me
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,8/21/2012,51,101,10,5,3>So apparently Lotus is a legendary Thai Foodie Institution; I'm not going to review them based on that. I'm a fan of a value proposition, and this is a great one.Make reservations because otherwise you're going to wait. Forever. Like maybe until the next day. And that's your fault because why would you not? Is your life so empty that you can afford 45-90 minutes of doing nothing for no reason?Firstly you feel like you are heading for a mob meeting when you get here. In the strip mall this place is located in you can get all your meth/stolen goods/unregistered firearm needs met by speaking to any of the helpful men in trench coats lurking throughout the parking lot. You know something is up because despite the squalor the parking lot is filled with Lexii, BMWs and cabs from the strip. When you get in you notice the place is very nice for being in a strip-mall and the place is plastered with knowledgeable people in the restaurant business lavishing praise over the place. Our table featured a picture of Mario Batali looking unimpressed. I don't know that I would have put that up there.The beer list was excellent, the two Thai beers (Chang and Singha) were excellent as well. One oddity: they have Stone Pale Ale on the menu and when ordered I was presented with a Stone India Pale Ale instead, which was not on the menu. It's a completely different beer, but yet a pretty effing good one, so no biggee.We had eggrolls. They were small and great. Then we had curry; Panang and Red. Also great. Also a fairly UnAmerican portion. You should be able to order a Larger portion of curry, I've never ran out of a main course before. Also their version of a "7" in hotness is comparable to a 9 at Pin Kaow. Shit was hot yo.Got out of there for less than a fifty with two people drinking beer. World class Thai food (Alledgedly, all I know it was spectacular). Will return. Quite happy.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,8/20/2012,76,63,,10,4>I have eaten here 5 times now and have yet to have ANYTHING that was sub par. They have, sadly, taken the burger off the menu...after raising the price to $16 removed it altogether. I have a feeling it's popularity was just taking away from the rest of their incredible menu. The pork belly is also no longer on the dinner menu, but there are some new items that have surfaced, including one of the best duck entrees I have ever had. Again, everything on the menu is at a price point that is right in line with the quality. But, not to worry for all of the die hard fans of the burger. I was there recently and asked about the burger, and our server said. "I think the chef wouldn't mind cooking one up for a special request."My suggestions: Softshell crab and grilled octopus appetizers, The duck, Whatever is the daily special, and a side of the bacon and lobster mac and cheese.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,8/19/2012,145,143,8,10,7>As I stated in my Red Velvet Cafe review, I think it's essential for me to point out that I'm not Vegan, nor in my wildest or tamest dreams could I ever become Vegan.  My love for the flesh of cows, pigs and chickens rivals that of Romeo and Juliet, McAdams and Gosling, and Kim Kardashian and (insert current boyfriend here).  In seeing the great reviews for this place here and on John Curtas' blog, I was skeptical to say the least.  Upon seeing more and more pictures of the My Love burrito though, my skepticism began to fade, enough so that I decided to call in an order.I'd read here about the wait and their website made mention to give plenty of time for an order to be prepared, so I placed it accordingly and was told it'd be ready in 35 minutes.  The location isn't the greatest and neither is the parking lot for a parking challenged individual for myself.  The food came out from the kitchen right when I arrived (perfect timing!) and the woman running the front of the house graciously allowed me to try some of the flavored waters they had available that day.  Wasn't too crazy about any of those but got some blended tea drink they had that was tasty.Upon getting back to the office and finally getting a chance to see the food, it looked as remarkable as the pictures I'd seen of it online.  It was one of those things that I could almost tell was going to taste amazing before even having a bite, vegan cheese notwithstanding.   The following bites confirmed this, and the medley of tofu, beans, veggies, potatoes and yes, fear in my heart striking vegan cheese tasted blissful.  I wont get into my vegan cheese exploits of the past, but this experience erased those past experiences quickly.  The My Love burrito is quite simply the best vegan meal I've ever had, and I'd put it toe to toe against most meat filled burritos I've had.At $11, it's pricier than your average burrito, but then again this is no average burrito.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,8/18/2012,390,337,10,13,12>Longtime readers of my writings know that I have a pretty sizable fondness for everything on Fremont Street.  In fact, it's almost as large as my appreciation for the unusual and quirky in general.  So how can any situation be truly critiqued for wanting to check out a place that has "bowling" and "drag queens" brought up in the same sentence?  Thus begins my newest review adventure.These two topics became the point of discussion among some friends and I, and curiosity was far too strong to not see what this was about.   I have to give credit where due: The bowling set-up is nice.  It's only a few lanes, but they are well maintained, and cheap.  Holy crap, are the lanes cheap.  For a late afternoon/early evening jaunt between three people?  $6 for the lanes for 4 hours.  Shoe rentals are an extra $3, but that's one heck of a value.There's also an added bonus: They have these green "Stoli" pins that, if placed as the lead pin and a strike is rolled, you get a free round of drinks for your party.  I guess all those months of Kinect Bowling finally paid off, as I nailed that sucker to the cheers of friends, fellow bowlers, and drag queens alike.  The winning shots?  They're by no means small, or subtle.  And it was shortly after that I noticed my previously good game going straight to Hell.  Even "Granny rolling" it wasn't doing much for my score at this point.  I commented to our hostess that I was getting the feeling that's part of their "master plan" to prevent easy access to more free booze.  I got a far too innocent yet knowing grin and a wink from our hostess in response as she walked away.  Did I mention that they serve Uncrustables as bowling snacks?  Apparently, there are also Moon Pies.The service all around was very nice.  Low key, no pressure, and a very distinct welcoming vibe, no matter what your background is.  Elena, the girl who headed up our bowling needs, was very friendly and attentive, as were the two hostesses who poured drinks for our team that night.  Our drinks were brought to us at the lanes, so I can't really confirm/deny if the overall bar service is generally slow, though it did take a while to get people together when it came time to settle up the bar tab at the end when we finally made our way up there.There also have a video gaming lounge where people can hang with Playstation games on massively huge screens, and a respectable number of pool tables.Also of note, while this bar does allow smoking, the hostesses were walking around with cans of air freshener to keep the air from smelling stale and smoky.  Finally, a Vegas bar that shows some love for the non-smoker crowd.  I can't believe that this simple concept is such a rarity in local lounges around here.Overall, Drink & Drag succeeds in providing a very casual and fun atmosphere.  The staff that attended to us were pleasant, funny, and entertaining.  The drinks, while a little on the pricey side (for an average beer, anyway), were good and well stocked, and if anything, the draw of incredibly cheap bowling is certainly worth a second mention.  And possibly a bowling league.So for those who have looked up in the Neonopolis and wondered what lies beyond those brightly covered doors, here's your answer.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,8/17/2012,183,95,3,4,6>This place freakin' ROCKS, whether or not you're into Kiss. The staff is some of the friendliest I have ever dealt with. The course looks short, but we had a party of four and it took us over an hour to complete (which is not bad at all).At first I had my skepticisms because I thought it would be a touristy spot, meaning I had to deal with long lines, unfriendly staff and so on. Not quite! Although it was pretty packed, the staff did a great job of moving people around. If there happens to be a wait, there's plenty to do, such as playing some of the arcade games or visiting the gift shop. There's a rock and roll memorabilia section on the left side, and it just makes you appreciate the history of rock. Back in the days there was no rap, house music; it was all rock and roll man. Pretty cool to see how much of an impact these guys made in the world. They also have a cool fish tank made of speakers that was built by the guys on Tanked, the show on Animal Planet.The course has everything you expect in a Kiss mini-golf; guitars, volcanoes, rock n' roll figurines and more. The course is complied of holes that are easy and hard. The last hole is the best; You shoot the ball up the tongue and into the open mouth of one of the Kiss members. It is definitely one of the best mini-golf courses I've been to.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,8/16/2012,141,220,9,9,7>Occasionally, I try to undo all the damage yelping does to my arteries.  So...I head on down to Rachel's Kitchen.My go-to drink is Sweet Greens with kale, cucumber, lemon, ginger, spinach, apple, etc.  Yes, it sounds revolting unless you're a hippie.  However,  I tell myself it's good for me (guh, who actually likes eating kale??) and gulp it down.  They have other, less intense juices like watermelon, if you're a wuss.They also serve food and it's pretty good.  I enjoy the vegetarian sandwich.  It has goat cheese and I truly believe most things taste better with goat cheese.  They also have some great vinaigrette salad dressings. Also, randomly, they serve alcohol.  I'm tempted to order oatmeal and wine one day.  Maybe I'll head there right now...
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,8/15/2012,216,391,9,19,13>My love for sushi is always tragic.  I crave really fresh ingredients from exotic places, I submit to science in muscle rebuilding theory with protein from all you can eat sushi (nigiri), or pretend to fancy a sushi chefs creative artistry in their specialized rolls.  A word about being open minded, my first visit many moons ago was my first review, it was filled with "Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens, bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens, brown paper packages tied up with strings..." As I kept returning, even for a short one hour work lunch break, the owner/chef would ask how I was doing.  I would act normal and pretend not to be excited with my replies.  They were always something along the lines of me being in the area and they're open late so it's convenient but Chef Eric is a smart man and can see that I am grinning inside for the fresh items posted on the white board outside.I am one of many returning customers but the question that is hard to ask of a sushi place is, "Is what you see, what you really get? " The answer can be shown to you and they are proud to showcase it.  Live shrimp and live uni still living in their shells, fish like last nights flown in from places such as Tokyo.  Chef puts a lot of effort into finding and purchasing these fresh items for us, those of us who really know sushi.  I say that because they serve the western sushi eaters as well.  My first dish ever in Yummy Sushi was a roll.  Most rolls are good and you can find one which would be perfect for you, the people who sat next to me during my second to last visit ordered the same ahi tuna roll three times.  The party of eight in the back of the room kept ordering rolls after rolls.The chefs here really exceed in skills and knowledge because they focus on being fruitful rather than being paid employees.  Every time I order the live shrimp I see one of the main sushi chefs work on carefully cleaning and prepping my live sweet shrimp.  He could have made two sushi rolls within that time or sent the shrimp to the back to be made but no shortcuts here.Have an open mind and sit around a revolution: chefs not from Japan or China, whichever you consider where Sushi originated from, making your sushi; welcome diners who want to enjoy their "sushi (aka Rolls)" and yum yum sauce; and especially being in a non AYCE establishment.  Again, don't be fooled by the western influenced menu (just look at the many sushi rolls), there are off menu dishes for those of us who know what to really look for in sushi.  There wouldn't be off menu dishes or delicate sashimi if these sushi chefs did not have the skills to create it.  Friends with sushi benefits, I would not sit anywhere else other than the counter or sushi bar, I would suggest you do the same.  Ask for fresh wasabi if it compliments your sushi.The non all you can eat practice hurts my muscles but the fresh sushi warms my heart.  Look at the white board outside, look at the white board inside the restaurant to see what they have in fresh and give them a try!  And to finish the lyrics in my intro "...These are a few of my favorite things" (Sound of Music), that is why i continue to come here.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,8/14/2012,122,214,,8,6>Amazing selection of Italian wines by the glass.  We dropped by on  Friday evening after dinner to enjoy the wine bar.  My only regret is not trying this place sooner.  Right out of the gate you notice the wine selection is standard issue.  Don't worry if you're not an Italian wine expert, the staff is extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  Our server, Alexander, was more than eager to describe and talk about all of the wines, as well as explaining how the wines are selected. Between the two of us we tried 6 different wines.  Not a single one fell short of stellar.  I was most  surprised by how much I enjoyed the Grecante, mostly because the texture put me in mind of melty butter on my tongue.The Due Forni wine set up is like no other wine bar I've visited.  It is pretty rare to come across some of the higher end wines offered by the glass.  And you can even get a 2 oz pour at 20% of the glass price.The owner stopped by briefly to check with us, which is always a nice touch.  I highly endorse this lovely little spot.  You can tell that a lot of thought and effort have been put into Due Forni.  The ambiance is warm and welcoming, and we got a kick out of the silly Spaghetti Western that was playing on the TVs above the bar.On my next visit I am looking forward to trying their pizza, which can be ordered with a crispy crust (Roman style) or light & chewy crust (Neopolitan style).
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,8/13/2012,89,136,,9,7>Dropped by for lunch on an early Saturday afternoon. Only one other table of guests there, but considering how new they are, that wasn't surprising. The server we had was obviously new to the job, but she did well.Ordered the Ma Po Tofu and the Baked Pork and Rice with Portuguese sauce. Both dishes tasted good.This restaurant is a good place to try some Hong Kong "western" style dishes. They are a very good east side of town alternative to the wealth of Chinese restaurants on Spring Mountain Rd.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,8/12/2012,135,529,11,11,9>Yippee they opened one closer to my end of town! The first time we trekked over to the other end of town and the place was so popular we waited for a good 45 minutes for a table. But this location must be a secret still because we were seated right away, so I'm not sure if I should spread the word or be selfish and keep this to myself!! So of course we split the red velvet pancakes, it's like dessert for breakfast. I would recommend getting the short stack and splitting it between the table so everyone get a taste, don't know if I could eat an entire plate b/c it may be just a tad too sweet. The adobo omelette was also shared and that had really good flavor, but my absolute favorite, what I got up early for on my day off was the lemon ricotta pancakes (more like a crepe) sweet baby Jesus these brought tears to my eyes, ok maybe a little dramatic but they are so good I need to emphasize how good. So light and refreshing, I just add a tiny layer of butter and sprinkle powdered sugar and dip a bite at a time in the sauce it comes with. If you have a love for lemon like I do, you have to try these. And an added bonus for coffee drinkers, they serve half & half, not non-dairy creamer!! It's the little things in life, I know.....
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,8/11/2012,519,1603,4,11,10>Komol has been on my radar for about a year and I finally stopped in Wednesday evening.  I knew from looking at the menu online that I wanted to try a duck dish.  I ordered the duck chili mint - boneless duck stir fried with garlic, hot peppers, and basil.  After reading the Yelp reviews of people I know, I opted for a spiciness level of 6 out of 10.  It turned out to be just about perfect considering the dish was spiced with red chilis and several slices of fresh jalapeño.  Tasty indeed but not overwhelming.For dessert, I ordered the pumpkin in coconut milk.  It was fresh pumpkin cubes in sweetened and warmed coconut milk.  Very good!Service was excellent.  When I asked the server about the size of a cup of soup, he told me it's generally too big for one person--people often split it--and I opted to skip having soup.  It was early and the restaurant was quiet, but everyone who works there was cheerful, greeted me, and had a big smile.Thanks for the tips, Misti, Mamie, Holly, and Paolo!I have to go back and try some more.  It is good!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/10/2012,816,286,21,20,15>I had no idea WTF paddle boarding was, but my boyfriend invited me... and my life philosophy is to say "yes" to everything. I was kinda hesitant because I am EXTREMELY uncoordinated and un-athletic. I was always the last picked for volleyball and all that in school, so I was kind of afraid to make an ass of myself in front of my jock b.f. But I sacked up and tried it anyway....and surprise!! It's super easy!!Basically, it's a giant surfboard you stand on, and paddle around with a long oar, like a canoe. It's shockingly easy to keep your balance, and not too hardcore a workout. I paddled pretty much around the entire lake, and wasn't even sore the next day.The Lake itself is just the right size to paddle around...about a mile and half long from end to end. You can paddle right up to the docks of the pretentious asses who live out there (bonjour, Celine), or cruise past golf courses and a fake Italian village. At the other end, the landscape is pretty much just barren desert...which is much cooler, in its way.As far as the actual paddleboarding business, the staff was super cool and gave me a quick beginner lesson before sending me on my way. It's something like $30 for an hour, but you also get access to the Westin pool (super nice) and 20% off your food and bev purchases there. So not a bad deal!On a final note, I was especially careful not to fall overboard while paddling, since the water in fake-ass Lake Las Vegas is treated wastewater from Vegas. YUCK! The last thing I want to do is flounder around in Vegas's leftover piss and amniotic fluid...no matter HOW much they claim to treat it!!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,8/9/2012,211,267,,9,7>I really wanted my 100th review to be someplace special.  Well, since I'm not going to Joel Robuchon until February and I have a long queue of review drafts, I finally decided that Red Rock Canyon was worthy of this honor.  I love that this beautiful work of Mother Nature is practically in my backyard.  I have been a regular Las Vegas tourist for over 15 years, but it wasn't until I became a resident that I finally hiked this breathtaking canyon.  In addition to hiking for all levels of difficulty, there are great climbing spots, biking, and camping.  When you need an escape from the hustle and bustle of the city, the crowds on the strip, and the blaring lights, Red Rock provides the perfect mini retreat to recharge body and soul.  Be sure to check their website because they also offer group hikes and various programs such as : night hikes, photography walks, painting, jewelry making, activities for kids, and much more!  If you have yet to experience it's majestic beauty, what are you waiting for?!?!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/8/2012,1742,366,8,13,10>Awwww yes...what is not to love about this store?I happen to see their advertisement truck on the corner one day while I was passing through Chinatown for some grub and made a mental note that I must return and check it out!Today was the day to come and take a look at zombie survival supplies and gear so glad I did!This store is awesome and the staff is so friendly and helpful. They truly appreciate your business!I bought six zombie target practice posters, a few zombie bumper stickers and a pink "Hello Zombie" tank top, hello kitty zombified hell yeah!I spent $49 bucks and got a load of goodies! They have several zombie practice shooting posters all $1.50 and $2.50 for large, what a deal. They are so zombie zany!This has to be one of my new favorite stores of all time!I will be back for sure as they have everything we need to survive the zombie apocalypse!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,8/7/2012,238,333,7,6,7>I love this place!!!!Ive been wanting to try this place for a few weeks! Im sooo glad we went! Its sooo yummy and inexpensive! We went and it was pretty dead, we looked at the menu and were surprised at the prices! Theyre cheap imo! Ive been to other mediterranean/persian places and this one was the best!I ordered the chicken breast kabob with rice (7.99$)and the bf got the combo koobideh plate and my son just got a side of fries. Our food did take about 20mins or so but thats a good sign imo, it means its FRESHLY COOKED!! I didnt mind the wait at all! In the mean time we tried the hot tea and lentil soup, complimentary of course!! They give you pita bread before your meal and if you ask for extra they give it to you with a smile! Other places its 2$ for an extra but not here, well not with us! Lol. Our food came out and OMG!!! It looked soooo yummy!! I almost took a bite but remembered I had to take pictures! Check em out! So I buttered my rice and bit into my chicken, oh my! I needed new panties after that! Ive never had a piece of meat in my mouth that tasted that yummy!! Haha. The chicken was sooo succulent and rice was cooked PERFECTLY!! I was literally on cloud 9! My son got a plate of fries (2.49$) and they were sooo flavorful! I loved the spices on them! My bf said his was super delish, I knew he wasnt lying bc the food was gone in 10 mins! Hes also Persian so I trust his jugdement, hehe. Also the baklava was freakin orgasmic! Not all heavy, but little pieces of joy in your mouth! I think they were only 1$ too!The service was amazing! I forgot his name but hes cuban and the cashier, was sooo sweet and made sure we had everything we needed and made sure everything was yummy! Also, the bathroom was sooooo clean as was the establishment! I loved the deco and the cherry blossom tree that lights up! They have a big one inside and some outside and theyre sooo beautiful!!We will def be back x100000!!
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,8/5/2012,211,168,2,13,10>Soon to be the Vegas Roots Community garden! Watch for it folks! I love this place, picked up some kale and arugula recently. Many thanks to Roz and Shelly for giving me the opportunity to help with TCG/VRC. They've grown so much from just a year. Apparently it used to be a sketchy broke down lot and within a year it is well on it's way to being a wonderful community hub. You can join the various clubs, chefs and groups and purchase your own plot, grab some produce or help out. There's chickens, a little playground and even a dope permaculture garden in the corner students are presently in the process of growing. They also host something call Vegas Soup - a monthly gathering where you get to have some great soup, hear about various organizations doing good work in the Vegas Area and meet some great people all just for a few bucks. If you get the chance please come check it out!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,8/4/2012,264,390,,7,5>A great authentic American Cuisine.  I have to say , I am not a huge purveyor of Southern cooking, however, after reading yelper Michelle W review of the place, figured we had to give it a shot.  Had clients in town from Italy and France and one of my colleagues wanted to try Rhythm Kitchen and so I suggested Lola's.1.  Quaint - When you are traipsing around the Charleston area, me thinks the last thing you are going to think about is quaint, cute, cool.  This place is all that and has character. Small, few tables, small bar, and it has just enough of whatever it is to make it just right.2.  Service - Dominic was there when we entered waiting for our guests. Very nice, knowledgeable, gave us the scoop on the wine he preferred and also on the food.  They set up our table nicely and when we had to add one more, they were very accommodating. We had a party of 9 in here and they took care of us.  I think the place serves 20-25 total?3.  Food - I was looking to give our out of towners a unique experience to try something uniquely American.  So this is the place we chose.  Crab Cakes and Craw Puppies - The crab cakes were very substantial, flaky, moist and tender. I enjoyed it.  It was one per order, however, as they are decent size, we asked for each to be cut in two pieces and we ordered enough to share. Ordered craw puppies for the table, never having this before.  Deep fried seafood is the best I can describe this.  Not greasy and bite size tasty bits of seafood. Nice.  Each is the size of a small meatball, 5 per order, so we split two orders.  Jambalaya - to me, the right blend of spice, rice, seafood. I also ordered the shrimp as an addition and it was just right. Juicy and hits the spot.Salmon and Sweet potato fries - I think this was the only let down.  The fries had such great flavor yet the salmon was very dry  Dry fish is not too bueno, so this was  of a downer.Gumbo -Seafood soup like bouillabaisse or cioppino.  I did not have it but one of our friends did. It looked really, really good.Etoufee - I thought this was something a bald buy wore as he got older?  Perhaps I will need one soon.  Naw, this is a dish similar to the gumbo, just that it is thicker and more like a stew. Whereas the gumbo has seafood, this one here has either shrimp or something else, was the choice, but it was not  mixed like the gumbo.  Now I did not order this, but man did my friend enjoy it. Very nice.Sweet Potato Pecan Pie a la mode with ice cream - YOu have to come for the desserts.  This is what the wifey and I ordered, and it was really great. I am going to go back for their Banana Foster Bread Pudding.  Don't be shy, order the dessert!!!GK says, check this place out for sure! I enjoyed it as a unique dining place. Not sure if it is a frequent place for me yet, however, I am going back for other desserts, so I will let you all know.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,8/3/2012,1110,542,9,16,13>Merci BC!I finally got to visit BC now that I live 4 miles away! :) My bestie Jenny C and I really enjoyed our visit here.I had the breakfast combo and paid extra to change it to a carmel macchiato and croissant. I paid a total of $8 :)))Oliver was nice--- asked for my name-- brought out my food and even water for my puppy.We sat outside with our dogs and I enjoyed free wifi!I'm excited to come back and try out more things on the menu!I love Paris... french food... and cafes... so Baguette Cafe really hit my yummy spot!Love it here!-Miss Yelp 2012
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,8/2/2012,44,155,5,5,7>Returned to Bottles + Burgers today and nothing has changed: this restaurant is still as excellent and as underrated as ever. It seems they've listened to the comments here on Yelp as all burgers are now larger than they used to be and also come with chips. Meaning that I, a hungry chick with plenty of belly room, ended up leaving several bites of burger on my plate, and the chips - while light and tasty - went mostly untouched in favor of the sweet potato fries and Double Helix fries on the side. I know people were complaining here about not getting the artisan fries included with their burgers, but that's a boggle. This isn't a diner, folks, and prices are low enough to encourage ordering a $4 side of fries. But now everyone can be happy, so come on back, ye grumpy little Yelpsters, and please give B+B another go. (My prodding here is entirely selfish; I don't want to lose the best vegetarian burger in Las Vegas.)This time I tried a different salad (the one with bleu cheese and mandarin) and it was every bit as subtle yet flavorful as the "Pear"fection salad I had last time. As my husband suggested to the waiter, it would be good if they offered half-salads (even if not for half-price) because the salads are almost a full meal. Now that the burgers are bigger and include chips, I would have to rethink the salad next time or else be more wasteful than I'd like, and it would be a shame to miss out on the salad.What I didn't try was the old-fashioned sodas, which is odd because normally I'm all about notching new soft drinks. I think I avoided it because, in the photos on the table, the "special" sodas look like nothing more than bottles of Jones Soda knockoffs. I like Jones, but it's not amazing. Besides, when I hear the term "old-fashioned soda," I'm thinking of hand-pulled egg creams and lime rickeys. But I guess they call it BOTTLES+Burgers for a reason.Still, if they're taking suggestions, it would be great if B+B became sort of like the restaurant version of Rocket Fizz, selling a wide variety of lesser-known (or less-available) drinks. Surely the valley's many soda fiends would love to be able to go out to eat and get something more exotic than a Jarritos or IBC. (Locally made Joe's Cola, with that hint of honey taste, or Fresh Ginger Ale, with the pulpy ginger bits, would be my top choices.)I wouldn't mind more non-alcoholic milkshake options, either. I'm sure the standard choc/van/straw offerings are tasty given the quality of the rest of the fare (there is a daily special, but on today's visit it was just double chocolate), but I still dream of BLT's Nut Job milkshake, and I loathe BLT in every other way. Not to get greedy, but if B+B had even a fraction of Cheeburger Cheeburger's shake/malt (malt!) selection, I wonder if I'd still be able to just walk in and get a table without a wait. Summer is coming. A more inventive shake (or malt!) selection for all ages would be a great break from the oppressive heat.But again, this is a great restaurant, casual for any time of group yet aesthetically pleasing and creative. The servers are friendly; the owner often checks up on tables to make sure all is well; their social marketing presence is useful and personal, and the food is just screaming tasty.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,8/1/2012,471,470,14,9,8>There's only one word I can think of when it comes to Phat Phrank's. AMAZING.I could leave it as that and have you all wonder or I can let you all know why it's so AMAZING.I've had their fish taco plate, other than the beans and rice sides the fish tacos were AMAZING. By far the best fish tacos I've had anywhere.  The fish were large crispy on the outside tender on the inside pieces, light and not greasy. The combination of all the fish with cabbage, green onion, cilantro, tartar sauce, and in my case lime and their hot sauce was AMAZING. My mouth is watering as I reminisce. I'll be back for you fish tacos.Their carne asada torta was...  Oops sorry for the drool.  Their Carne asada torta was very delicious too. Well I might have reached my quota for using the word amazing but don't worry the carne asada tortas are equally as amazing as the fish tacos. I've seen other tortas that are bulky, bready, and just look good because of the huge size not flavor. Size isn't gigantic and not bready, so every bite was just of everything I wanted, something very tasty. There's probably even more ingredients than bread. I'll be back for you too LOL.I didn't have this but a friend had their enchiladas because it was mentioned in the lvrj as Phat Phrank's signature dish. Now that looked like meal right there. I'm sure it has to be really good too just from what I've already had.  Plus it had a fried egg on it.  Anytime you throw a fried egg on anything it's instantly good.Location is perfect for me, I'm always in the area though honestly I never knew they were there until a UYE. I like the musical instrument on the walls and how it's clean. Seats maybe 20-30 people.Service was very good, friendly. Phrank and the lady that was there often checked on us, refilling drinks, bring food out quickly, conversing with us and making it an experience not like here is your food and now get out when your done. lol. They no longer have raspberry ice tea.Can't wait to go there tomorrow. Wait their not open on the weekends!? This has to be a typo and they close at 6 PM. MAN I can't win.  All good, fresh and delicious food need a break too. AMAZING.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/31/2012,213,80,9,13,13>During the Restaurant Week 2012(Feb 27-Mar 4), my friend took me to this beautiful place.  We decided to have a dinner together since it was my birthday week.If someone asks what will be the best dining experience ever and why it's so special...?  I can say without hesitation that it is not the best seat in a fancy 5 star restaurant, it's the joy of company having a nice conversation and a meal.  I will not trade that for the world :) I sometimes hear people describing the art work, a music concert, opera, or even poetry reading along similar lines are beautiful but I wish more people would realize that sharing food can be the same way as well.Actually, it wasn't my first time trying out food at Sage.  In Aug 30th 2010, there was a fundraiser for Three Square("Wet your Appetite @Wet Republic - MGM Grand).  I had a chance to sample the foods, cocktails, & desserts from each restaurant's food station including Craft Steak, Jean Georges Steakhouse, Circo, Sensi, Joel Robuchon, Fleur de Lys, Burger Bar, & Sage.  All the dishes were excellent but the Ginger flavor cocktail from Sage was outstanding that I still remember the taste of it! I started my dinner at Sage ordering a glass of cocktail called, " Dark & Stormy" It was basically a rum with a fresh lime & a ginger beer :). It was very refreshing and tasty. *1st course: "Spring Green Garlic Soup" - very mild flavor of Spring garlic, light texture of Greek yogurt,  & crispy duct confit.  It was a very unique dish that I never had it before. "Seared Bison Tenderloin Carpaccio - Amazing!  At first, It looked as a raw tuna by the color but the taste was very solid.  The roasted pistachio & beets were sprinkled over the bison carpaccio & it blended well with the dish I thought. *2nd course: "Roasted Jumbo Fluke" - This dish was well presented with spinach, brown butter apples, & crispy leeks.  It was so tender and juicy inside and the crispy golden brown texture outside. I learned one thing from this dish that the sweetness of the apple can go well with the fish."American Wagyu Flat Iron Steak" - Oh, it was melting in my mouth!  We ordered a medium cooked for our steak and it was perfect.  It was fairly pinkish red in the center, beautifully juicy, with crisped and crunchy edges, and so much flavor! It wasn't necessary to cut the steak with a knife because it was so tender.  I was enjoying the dish along with the salsa verde and the potato puree. *3rd course: "Gianduja Pave" - it was a small dessert/ice cream with a flavor of caramel, hazelnut, & tangerine.  The taste was so rich that the small portion was more than enough to spoil my appetite for a dessert!*a complimentary drink for surprise: At the end of our dinner, the server brought a tiny porcelain cup of warm chocolate milk infused with fresh rosemary :) The aroma of rosemary was pleasant and I learned that it is a valuable in digesting foods that can be used in many dishes. I thought the pine-like fragrance & pungent flavor of rosemary went well with warm chocolate milk.  I would like to say our server, Johnathan, he was the picture of perfection in service.  He was taking time to explain all the dishes we had and waited on us at exactly the right moment each time checking on us.  And he remembered to put a little candle on my dessert and that was very nice :PI extremely loved the interior decor such as high columns, huge mirror walls, elegant lamps on random tables, and chocolate brown colored theme all the way through out entire restaurant. I really think the chef & food make a great restaurant, but also the staff & environment ambiance also contribute. I am definitely coming back for the chef McClain's Tasting Menu to try more dishes and can't wait to taste their famous "Foie Gras Brulee" :PPS $50.12 - per person for Restaurant Week Menu       $14 - classic cocktail price
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,7/30/2012,342,580,8,15,14>For months I have wanted to sample the pizza inside the not so secret back room at The Cosmopolitan, but just never got around to it before now.  But once Tropfest ended, the planets finally aligned, and Diane and I quickly left the Boulevard Pool via escalator and easily found our way to this highly touted haven of late-night pizza at last.  The line to order was fairly long even after 1:00 a.m. on a Monday.    And, I quickly learned that if pizza slices rather than a full pie are sought, what you are able to get totally depends on what comes out of the pizza ovens just before one's order is placed.  But luck was with us on this visit, for we were able to buy fresh hot slices of pepperoni, sausage, and cheese pizza, plus commandeer two adjoining seats at the counter to be able to eat while sitting down.  Although I might have preferred slices of pepperoni & mushroom pizza, no such combination was available when I reached the head of the line.  But getting to try three out of four flavors is pretty good!I was really pleased with this pizza.  My expectations were high going in, but they were exceeded.  The crust was nice and buttery, with no char on the bottom.  While the wide slices were relatively thin, they were not noticeably so, and the nicely finished crust was chewy, resilient, and foldable.  All slices were just saucy enough, and really cheesy and tasty.  Pepperoni was lightly spicy, and sausage was very mild, just as pizza maker Luigi had indicated when I asked him on my way through the line.  A small amount of grease was present, but to me that was a good thing for this New York style pizza.  Even though they had come out of the oven just a few minutes before I reached the cash register, each slice was given a little more fire before they were handed to me.  So they were hot and gooey, and a true treat to consume whether drunk or sober.  For, I loved this pizza, and unlike many other guests, had only water to drink all night.  In fact, the Secret Pizza establishment graciously offers free cold water out of a dispenser, with plastic cups and utensils provided as well.  Besides probably being the cheapest meal available inside a Strip hotel, IMHO the Secret Pizza likely serves the best pizza on The Strip, and is neck and neck with Biaggio's and Metro Pizza, and just a shade behind Dom DeMarco's, for the best pizza served in the entire Las Vegas valley.  Next time I will be ordering a whole pie!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,7/29/2012,73,232,4,8,7>We had quite a nice AYCE experience last night.  3 of us ravenously dined on all the tasty offerings.  Service was quirky but very attentive.  Much friendlier and more helpful than your average sushi place.  AYCE was $26 and included everything you would want and expect with a ton of specialty rolls, and dessert.We had miso soup, seaweed salad, baby tako, 7 or 8 rolls, sushi, gyoza, baked green mussels, soft shell crab, and so on.  The miso soup was very flavorful, the baby tako was a lovely, tender sesame flavored surprise, and the baked green mussels were extra caramelized and delicious.  The hamachi and garlic tuna was fresh and delightful.We were very pleased with most of the rolls.  Our food came out very slowly, and was well paced.  Normally, you are bombarded with everything your ordered within minutes and you can hardly discern what is what.  All the items we ordered came out individually, 5 - 10 minutes apart.  It gave us plenty of time to chat and enjoy each item.  I would definitely return and add sin city sushi to the list of my to go places for AYCE.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/28/2012,146,439,1,10,7>A REVIEW OF REYNOLDS HALL  Wow,  what an amazing night at the theater!  In Las Vegas. Not in a casino. Yes, the Smith Center has arrived and Sin City can claim that it has more real culture going on.  I had the pleasure of seeing the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre perform last night in this brand-new venue for the performing arts.  With much anticipation, my friend and I arrived 45 minutes early to explore the grounds and bask in the newness of it all.  Unlike when I saw "Phantom" or "Jersey Boys' on the Strip, the patrons on this night were actually dressed up for the theatre; jeans were scarce and thank goodness no one was wearing shorts!  There was a palpable sense of excitement in the lobby as people milled around, taking in the ambiance, greeting friends, or getting drinks and snacks from the bars.  Beautiful marble floors, marble walls, chandeliers, ushers in bow ties and vests:  just being in the main lobby was a feast for the senses.  My friend and I had seats in the center Parterre section, which meant we were on the ground floor of the theatre in the last row.  Our seats were located on the end of the row and we had stools instead of actual seats since it was an area for ADA patrons;  the stools could be removed to accomodate wheelchairs. I actually liked sitting on the stools because we had some elevation and a better view of the stage.  It was a full house and the audience certainly appreciated the wonderful performances of the Ailey company.  I appreciated the fact that patrons respected the no-cellphone-use during the show.  I only saw one person have his phone on for a second, and in that second, there was an usher ready to swoop down and admonish him before the phone went dark. Furthermore, neither my friend nor I could get cell service in the actual theater, so that could also hamper one's itch to check messages, tweet, Facebook, or dare I say, Yelp  (I had to check-in when I was in the lobby)!  How did last night compare to theater-going in Chicago, Los Angeles, or New York?  I would happily respond that Las Vegas has its very own venue that is on par with those cities, one that is smoke-free and far from the sounds of slot machines ringing in the lobby.  I can't wait to go back to see "The Color Purple," "Wicked," Diana Krall, and more--bravo!!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/27/2012,146,85,6,8,6>This may come as a surprise, but I am a mere mortal. Being a mortal (even if just barely), I do have my weaknesses. One such weakness would be a well prepared steak. I have set upon a mission to slowly but surely try all of the amazing steakhouses this town has to offer. My next box to check off was the absurdly spelled, but well reviewed, N9NE Steakhouse at the Palms. If you don't enjoy reading, I'll give you the conclusion off the bat. This place is pretty bomb! It's definitely worth checking out. However, as is the case with a lot of good steakhouses, it isn't cheap. But it's well worth it. I started with the Fried Chicken Won Tons. They are pretty awesome. You get like 6 or 7 crispy Won Tons on a long plate over a little bit of blue cheese with a nice hot sauce on the side for dipping. It was a great starter. They also have like 3 kinds of bread, I tried the pretzel bread which was great, I also sampled a delicious soft foccacia bread. Then I ordered the massive, aged Bone-In Ribeye. It was cooked perfectly and was nice and juicy. For sides, I opted for the Mac and Cheese and the Gnocchi. My god, these sides did their absolute best to outshine that magnificent cut of meat. The Mac and Cheese was so rich and creamy. The cheese was a perfect blend of creamy, cheesy, richness. A nice complement to the rest of the meal. But honestly, as unexpected as it was, the Gnocchi stole the show. It is a potato gnocchi in the most incredible truffle cream sauce. Each tiny bite just melts in your mouth. Just thinking about it as I write this review a day later almost brings tears to my eyes. I have some left over in the fridge and I think I'm about to reheat it when I'm done here. It's side dishes like this that could make N9NE appeal to everyone, even those kooky vegetarians I've been reading about on the internet. Not sure if there are any Vegan dishes, but this place is friendly enough that they probably can accommodate.I saw the dessert menu and there seemed to be some amazing options. But I couldn't fit another bite of anything in my already stuffed, yet thoroughly satisfied stomach. This is a mission for next time.So you know the food was outrageous, but how was the service at a place that seems like it could easily be a typical pretentious Vegas establishment, with a nice decor and celebrities coming in daily? It was actually phenomenal. The bartenders are super personable and talented. I'm bad with names but I believe it was Anna and Kerry. The manager Christian was also very friendly and accommodating. In closing, this place checks off every aspect that I feel makes a great restaurant. If it was a little cheaper, I'd probably eat here every day. That's probably for the best though. I can't wait for my next visit, there's much more on the menu that I have to try. And obviously the Gnocchi Round 2.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,7/26/2012,201,124,10,15,13>Located in the food court straight back. You'll know when you see pictures of pizza.R.P. is right. The customer service here is above and beyond. The Weekly article had the wrong hours listed (K-Jun closes with the rest of the food court, 9 p.m. on Saturdays). We came in at 9 thinking we had plenty of time. The young gentleman behind the counter, being well-informed, knew we were there because of the mix up. We said we would gladly return during business hours. I mean there's a million great places to eat around there. He then blew my mind. He said he would stay late to make us a pizza. What an insane offer! I felt terrible taking it, but he insisted. So my food companion tipped him well to make his time worth it. He let us order the $20 special. It had a pizza, chicken and two drinks. It's advertised to feed 4+ and it definitely did. He was so generous that I was scared he would get in trouble. I bet he would be the most best friend you could ever have. Someone like this man is such a gem of a person. I would want him to be my partner on Survivor. He even checked on us through our meal.The food though is really cool. Korean pizza, HELLO! The bulgogi potato pizza had bits of bulgogi beef, corn, potatoes and other things I'm sure. The pizza sauce was an orangey color and tasted like pasta sauce. The crust seemed to have plenty of cheese  crusties- gooood. It was pretty alright. I wish it came frozen for me to take home. Don't judge me. We had our chicken half plain and half in sauce. I never had chicken like this. The crust is really thick and crunchy. We couldn't put our finger on it and at last we realized it had cinnamon. How cool! We devoured the pickled radishes that came with it. The kind man said they are perfect together. Oh, and he was so right. I love hiiiiim! The other half had a sticky spicy sweet sauce on it. It was good, but I personally prefer the plain. Too messy. The actual chicken pieces come small, but were not dry. I did come across the occasional bone which I find nostalgic.So if the Weekly made you curious like me, you should go. I'm remembering and cherishing the time with that chicken , radish and pizza. I'll be back.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,7/25/2012,135,78,4,8,5>This is a karaoke bar that attracts throngs of people from all walks of life and welcomes them into a truly Dive Bar experience.  This place has ample second hand smoke, cheap drinks, stiff pours, bad singing, and fun people.  I had always driven by and never stopped but now that I have it's certainly a fun place to hangout with a group of friends or just to make new ones where the goal is fun and inebriation.  I visited it on the evening of a First Friday so I given the many fans of this place I may need to check it out on a regular weekend night to see what fun is to be had with mostly regulars.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,7/24/2012,264,264,8,9,7>Whoa! When did this place pop up? Parlour is a little diamond in the rough of the El Cortez... it has a great kind of speakeasy feel to it.  If they just pumped in a little jazz, I'd be in heaven.  Was here only briefly for a Tweetup event, but I was totally digging the vibe AND the delicious Aviation cocktail I had (for only $9).  Great classic cocktail menu (daquiri, French 75, blood and sand, old fashioned) at very reasonable prices.  AND the menu tells the provenance of the drinks! Delicious booze AND a history lesson! I feel smarter and dumber at the same time!I was at the bar, but I saw servers shaking/pouring drinks right at the tables.  How classy is that?The atmosphere is dark and cozy; you could totes get romantical in there... but you could also have a good time with a group of friends.   I just hope you don't like (good) beer, b/c there's none of that... just the regular icky domestics.  But why go to a place like this, if not for fancy cocktails or just straight up liquor?
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,7/23/2012,151,137,13,13,13>Warning This Show is Rated R By the MPAA, actually it's Rated a Hard R, actually it's more like a Throbbing, Veiny, Hard R, well you get the point.Imagine if Rock Horror Picture Show had a Baby with Cirque De Soleil, and that baby lived in a tent in front of Caesars Palace.The show opens with Melody Sweets who does a nice burlesque opening, we are then introduced to Penny Pibbets and the Gazillionaire who serve as our tour guides into the world of Absinthe. I've seen the show 4 times (tonight will make #5) and each time it's a little different. They have a few different acts that rotate through depending on the night, but they're all entertaining.If any of my friends visit, and they want to see a show, I always recommend Absinthe. Hell I'll even tell customers to go to see the show, it's gotten to the point where I almost want a referral card so they know I sent them.This show is a MUST SEE IN VEGAS, hands down it is the best show on the strip. It may be the best show I've ever seen!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,7/22/2012,184,191,9,7,11>Forget the Strip.  If you want to see REAL Vegas...I'm talking flashing, neon lights and old school coin operated slot machines and some people livin' it UP...Fremont is the place to go.  I went there last night since it was a beautiful warm night and they had an 80s cover band playing, and it was magical.  Here's a list of things I did in 6 (count 'em - SIX) hours:- Elvis flying on the zipline- 80s cover band rocking out- George Eads shooting scenes for CSI (I'm about 98% sure it was him)- People having drunken debates about the existence of God (best quote ever, "Excuse me, sir?  You dropped your soul.")- An old man dressed as Santa Claus rocking out to a Whitesnake cover band (yes, this is June, people)- I took a picture with Tupac Shakur- Saw a pirate lady with enormous boobs...seriously, e-nor-mous- Lady with an alien type of baloon hat on pretending to be a bull and charging at a man dressed as Zorro- I went to the Golden Nugget and chilled in the Chart House lounge with some very refreshing summer drinks (read: mango mojito)- I saw my boss who was there with his frat buddies from college...and got him a tequila shot (that'll be awkward Monday)- My friend randomly ran into a girl she went to high school with in Wisconsin- We went to Drink and Drag and saw some pretty busted Drag Queens and some fat chicks bowling who thought it appropriate to undress down to their bras and undies- Went to the Glitter Gulch Strip Club and was hit on by two old menPheeeewwwww.  You tell me where else in the WORLD you can do all that?  The Strip ain't got nuthin on Fremont Street.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,7/21/2012,553,504,5,13,8>For weeks, I've been trying to make it to this place because of the reviews.  I'm always either working or I keep forgetting.  When I do remember, it's a Sunday and they're not open :( What brought me there yesterday was the fact that my washer couldn't hold both of the comforters so I went to the local laundry mat across the street.  I thought to myself, this was the first opportunity!The place was situated in the middle of a very odd strip mall.  There's a loan office, computer repair shop and other different services.  When you walk in, you're treated to a very humble, very quaint bakery shop, glass cases filled with edible treats and a shelf space by the door with locally baked breads.  SO COOL!  Go through the painted stone archway and there's ample seating for you to enjoy your baked goods.  I thought this was such a cute place in the middle of old Henderson!  What I really like is their tip jar that says, "Sexy People Tip."  Great eye catching statement.  Certainly made me want to tip.Today, I decided to splurge with my favorite treats for my first visit:  Cheese Danish, Canoli and Sugar Free Elcair, all coming out to about $7.00.  Here's what I thought:Cheese Danish:  If I had gotten there early in the morning, I would have fell in love!  Although I still enjoyed it, I could tell it had been sitting out for some time (I couldn't blame them, as it was 3pm).  The cheese wasn't as "melt in your mouth" kind of texture.  It was a little hard because of sitting out, but I KNOW that when made fresh, this pastry would be BOMB.  Powdered sugar tops the treat and nothing beats homemade bread!Canoli: Loved it!  The outer shell was crispy and light!  The filling was sweet and so delicious with chocolate chips.  Top it off with powdered sugar and you got me begging for more!Sugar free eclair:  Probably my personal favorite of the three pastries I had!  First off, the custard was PERFECT!  As I sit here writing this review, I can't help but finish off the half I saved from yesterday!  The milk chocolate top coating was thick and made for a crunchy hard shell for the eclair.  They added some slivered almonds on the top which helped enhance the overall texture, not to mention it looked pretty :)Trust me, this place is worth coming back to again and again.  What originally caught my eye was the fact that this place got an overall 4 1/2 stars which stood out, being in the middle of Water st.  What will keep me coming back are the pastries.  Certainly worth it and I KNOW you will love it too!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,7/20/2012,358,399,8,9,10>Hit the Outside Inn last night with the GF. big surprise - the interior is meant to look like you are outside - kinda like a cabin in the woods sort of thing. Had a $25 Restaurant .com . after driving by this place to/from work for about a year, i finally give the place a try. Pleased we only had to spend $35 with the coupon ( usually it's $50 ) . Also liked that they didn't put the automatic 18% gratuity on the bill. the server was pleasant. They had a $2 Moretti beer special so i ordered for my pre-meal libation. gf ordered diet coke. Server returned a few minutes later and said they are out of Moretti - I asked how she planned to solve the problem ( she got my drift - what alternative beer can i order for $2 ) - she did say they have an IPA costing $4 for a 16 ounce draft ...hmmm...not quite the solution i was looking for but i decided to go with it. It was tasty but damn if i know the name of it. We ordered the sausage stromboli, some sort of foo-foo salad for the gf ( she does the , " no this, no that, then put this that and the other on the side " ..geez.. we could've hit the salad bar at Glacier's ! ) and the fish n chips ( Pike that's allegedly flown in from Minnesota ) The stromboli was decent ( $9 .. i think ) - was more of a flaky crust then what i consider is the norm pizza crust . unusual shape too ( pic attached ) The salad - whatever the fish and chips - like the chips ( basically fries cut like potato chips ) the cole slaw decent if you like extra vinegar and the fish - also good but the quantity was lacking - 3 pieces of the fish stick size. ( $12 ) Overall, an above-average bar/grill that i'll try again - especially with a restaurant.com coupon.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,7/19/2012,172,155,8,16,11>I gotta give it up for this little pizzeria.  Working on this side of town can be a challenge for a foodie, and Old School Pizzeria made my day today.  I went with a couple of coworkers, and was more than pleasantly surprised.  I split a 14" five cheese pizza with one other person.  The size was perfect for two starving fellas.  The crust was perfectly cooked; lightly crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside.  The inside of the slice was thin, while the outside was puffy and doughy. Perfect crust here folks, I enjoyed every bite!  Obviously the cheese was the highlight of this pizza, and it was an amazing one at that.  I have had a few five cheese pizzas in my pizza eating days, and this one is definitely the best.  All of the cheeses were high quality.  Lightly oily from the cheese itself, the "grease" level was moderate.  The ricotta cheese though... holy crap.  Just do yourself a favor and order anything with this ricotta cheese on it.  I've never had ricotta that tasted this creamy and delicious, almost as creamy as cream cheese!  We also tried some of the pistachio gelato and cannoli. The cannoli was fresh and excellent, although not the sweetest cannoli I have had, which could be a bad thing or a good thing depending on your tastes.  Personally, I don't mind a less sweet dessert.  The crust was a dark brown and made fresh with coffee.  The cheese was fresh and lightly sweet.  The gelato though was a mind blower.  Words can't describe the perfect flavors coming from this pistachio gelato.  You gotta try this stuff!Update: The "Roast Chicken" is actually Sous-Vide prepared chicken.  This is a special process that involves wrapping the chicken and potatoes in a vacuum seal and cooking in water.  This retains the juices of the meat and taters.. and it shows in the flavor. It is so juicy that the juices from the chicken collects in the dish as you eat it.  Yum!  This dish is very savory and full of garlic flavor.  Absolutely delicious and unique.  I noticed someone accused the chicken as being "soggy" or something like that, so I thought I would make this update to address this wonderful dish. I can't wait to start bringing my friends and coworkers to this little pizzeria.  It has trumped my previous favorite Italian/pizza in North Las Vegas and is now my go-to for pizza.  I'll be coming here frequently for sure!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,7/18/2012,821,451,9,19,11>Spacious!  Seats up to 150 guests.Nice ambiance with appropriate decors.3 sinks!  Yes, right in the hallway near the restrooms, so your hands can freshen up before you dig right into your next round cajun yumminess or desserts :)That pretty much sums up some of the important observations while I was at the newly opened Cravin' Cajun, the latest Louisiana crawfish boils restaurant to open up in Las Vegas.CC serves the same kind of menu offered by other restaurants in the same category. The seasoning comes in three (possibly four) options: Kiddie Cajun (Lightly seasoned), Cravin's Cajun (the restaurant's signature blend), Lemon Pepper (A Cravin's favorite), and maybe Ravin' Cajun! (their combination of all of their flavors). Then you can further specify the heat levels: Mild, Medium, Hot, Crazy Cravin' Hot.I tried the shrimp with the Cravin' Cajun (medium) and it was served up in the familiar plastic bag over white butcher paper covered table.  And I really enjoyed the flavor of the Cravin' Cajun blend.  I also normally wear a pair of disposable plastic glove when eating this kind of food, but opted to go all natural today, and the shrimps were still piping hot. Wearing disposable gloves may help prevent your sensitive fingertips from getting burned, plus your hands will not required the through soap and hot water treatment afterward.Not into seafood served in a bag?  They also have Cravin' Cajun Baskets of Fried Chicken Strips, Fried Catfish, Fried Oyster, and Fried Shrimp served Fries.  Cravin' a Po-Boy?  They have Catfish, Crawfish Tail, Oyster, Shrimp and Cajun Sausage Po-Boys to satisfy your tummy. Still not interested???  How about their signature Etouffe, Jambalaya, Gumbo, Seafood Salad, Corn n' Crab Chowder or Lobster Bisque? They serve just about everything you could think of to order here, EXCEPT Fried Okras (Sorry Misti).Anyway, I plan to come back for dinner and try other stuff on their menu when I am more hungry.And in case you do not know where this soon to be popular Cajun crawfish/shrimp/crab/clams boil dining destination is located at, it is in the same strip mall as a few other local Yelp favorites (China Mama, HK Star) on S. Jone Blvd, between Spring Mountain and Desert Inn Rd.Service was good.  The waitress (Myrene)  was attentative, without breating down your neck. Although I would not object to that in a different setting.Price is on par with the others. $9.99 for 1# of crawfish, $10.99 for shrimp, etc.Ambiance is pleasant, interior design work that went into the construction of this restaurant is nicely thought out (3 hand sinks!) and elegantly executed.4 stars! Yay! I'm a fan, and I will ask friends to come along later tonight :)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,7/17/2012,2673,175,24,32,24>Dare I say that I like Amore's deep dish pizza even better than the pizza I had in Chicago? No need to hop on a plane to go all the way to Gino's when we have Amore Taste of Chicago here in Vegas. My favorite thing about it... It's hard to narrow it down to only one so here's a few. Their sauce is so flavorful and made from real crushed tomatoes. The ingredients are extremely fresh. Their thick crunchy cornmeal crust is never oily. Every time I have ordered from here, my pizza has been perfectly cooked. I love this pizza! I'm just mad that I tried it because now I'm hooked and I'm going to get fat. When I become too out of shape and have to give up modeling because of this guys, I blame Amore! It's all their fault! Don't say I didn't warn you. ;)
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,7/16/2012,376,187,3,15,12>This was the 3rd occasion I saw Le Reve and it's still an amazing performance.Each showing was different, I believe they change their format every 6 months. Having seen "O" at the Bellagio, I'd recommend anyone desiring a great Vegas show to see Le Reve. They used to give a much better local discount, now I believe it's $50 off each ticket. Bummer.It's not a typical show. Very much "outside the box." Definitely for adults, a bit risqué, and powerful. There's swimming, acrobats, dancing, gymnastic moves, etc, all choreographed to great music to illustrate a story. I was a tad disappointed because they did take out one of my favorite parts they had the first two times I went, but overall, my friends and I were still entertained immensely with the show!Unless you want seats with champagne service, you can't go wrong with any seats. The theatre is stadium-seating and circular, looking down at the stage. I'd probably just not pick the first couple of rows. Splash zone.If you're undecided about a show to see in town, and Le Reve is one you're considering, I'd highly suggest picking this one.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,7/15/2012,302,208,4,3,2>Enjoy the carpet, but don't take your shoes off.Dispensary feels like drinking in your grandpa's basement.Love this place for the atmosphere, the lighting and the music.Be concerned about the inconsistent service and lack of selection.TIP: Go for cocktails, not a beer spot.The food is typically excellent, so much so, that my favorite thing on the menu is the Tavern Ham & Cheese, a basic, however elegant dinner.A recent Saturday night featured a live jazz band and some lively locals.We also face an inundated and scattered server. it was honestly more effective to get up from our table and get out drinks from the bar.This used to be my go to spot 2 years ago, however, every time things change, it takes a while to adjust.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,7/14/2012,83,599,6,11,7>I get the impression that Southern food is like pizza and BBQ.  Everyone has a strong opinion about what the best kind is, no one seems to agree, and if you didn't grow up with that certain recipe, you aren't going to like it.Thankfully this place cooks just like my granny used to.  I've never been to Mississippi but I feel like this place has Alabama comfort food down... or at least how my grandmother used to cook Alabama comfort food.  Fried chicken, mac and cheese, collard greens, stuffing with gravy, red beans and rice... all very good!  The cornbread... now that I've had it, I don't think I can live without it. The hospitality is amazing!  The only thing that was not like back home was the chitterlings.  Most people have to good sense not to order chitterlings (pig intestines).  But I lack such common sense.  I'm used to them breaded and fried.  But here, they are not breaded and kind of soupy.  Not bad, but not great.  Definitely a fan.  Definitely coming back.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,7/13/2012,4974,721,8,15,13>My wife and I had a very enjoyable Valentine's evening dinner.  We chose this place based on the reviews and the fact we hadn't dined at Bellagio in quite a while.  With so many great eats popping up everywhere on the strip, you almost take for granted such great resorts like this.I made the reservation about a month beforehand and only had a choice of 5:45 or earlier or 8pm on.  8pm it was.  The really cool decor is what strikes you upon entering along with a single rose given to the wife.  It's classy and cool with some bright colors thrown in.  We didn't get to have a cocktail at the bar as we were seated within seconds of looking at the drink menu.  Service was impeccable and the 5 course dinner was unique and delicious.  The standout dishes included the Santa Barbara sea urchin with king crab.  My wife doesn't even like urchin and she finished it pretty quick.  Foie gras was awesome as expected.  I took a shot on the "Ris de Veau" which I had never had before.  It's essentially veal guts that may or may not have contained the throat, pancreas, heart, belly etc.  I think the majority of it was stomach.  It was interesting to say the least, almost tasted like high-end cow brain.  Glad I tried it but I would go with my wife's terrific beef dish if I could do it again.  I finished it like a good boy :)The desserts were very cool.  I'd never seen anything like the chocolate cigar with passion fruit sorbet which came in it's own ashtray.  I posted a pic of it.  My wife went with the sugar sphere with yuzu and raspberry.  That came in a clear hardshell sugar ball filled with the fruit inside.  You simply had to tap the top of the ball for it to crack and enjoy.  They also brought out some extra bite sized sweets and presented my wife with some extra chocolates as we were leaving.  So why 4 stars?  I've had better dining experiences in Vegas.  Not just around town but at Bellagio itself.  I would rather do Picasso for the price.  And while the decor was nice, the tables were a bit cramped which didn't make Le Cirque as romantic as it could be.  You were able to listen to everyone else's conversations at all the tables nearby.  One couple two tables down kept going on and on about their kids and how they own 3 doughnut shops in Canada to some couple just trying to enjoy their own company.  Maybe it's just me.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,7/12/2012,615,292,9,11,11>Well, since I've been patronizing this little slice of heaven (look for the enthusiastic "Arrow Pointing Guy" w "French Pastry" by Fleming's on Charleston. Bakery is in shoppes in back) for more than a year now...time to share the not-so-secret news of their fabulosity. Being in the same strip mall as my Physical Therapy (now Pllates & massage) center has been both a blessing (I found them!!) and a curse (their yumminess can find my hips if I don't reign in my nom nom desire...)Truly is a bustling bakery with ample seating and cases of confections to tempt any taste. At one point or another myself or guests have probably tasted everything in the case (oink) in my defense: frequently I'll buy assorted pastries/slices of cake in lieu of a whole cake to allow for entertaining variety. Standouts here have been: chocolate tart (approved by my chocoholic Mom) Tropizienne, Napoleon, French Brest, lemon tart, the Noel Cake at Christmas & a special order Croque en Bouche I had made for a friend visiting from Paris for his birthday. And those divine Macarons: I'm torn because they had discontinued my favorite ginger and I fell in love with salted caramel in the interim: since ginger is back, guess I'll have to alternate. They are reminiscent of Lauderee and beyond reasonable at $1 each. I like to put a sleeve in a cellophane bag as a hostess gift, colorful and unique and many have never had a macaron before. Though not a coffee drinker, I'm told they pour a mean cuppa. Their brioche is spot on (and by far, at any bakery my go- to, so this is saying a lot) and their other breads and croissants win yummy labels often from all who take a nibble. The husband and wife team of Jean-Claude and Rachel are friendly, obviously dedicated to quality and it shows as you savor their savory offerings in the bistro in back of the store. Soups, a variety of yummy sandwiches, some on their oh-so-light-flaky-buttery croissants, Croque Monsieur (my friend raved) the veggie quiche is delicate and delicious(I hear great things about their many quiche varieties) Nice place to meet some friends and catch up in a reasonably priced family owned business that continually delivers great taste, great service and inspires great willpower in me as I go to & from Pilates 2x weekly. Tres Bien.Support locally owned deliciousness!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,7/10/2012,329,268,3,9,7>I am truly a fan of the flavors being served by Chef and owner Chris Herrin!  I have been here twice and have been impressed both times! I recommend their vegetable breakfast pizza, red velvet bagels with sweet cream cheese,  and steel cut oatmeal with the works...yummy!! The pastries are amazing and a must try is their PB & J Brioche and his take on the hostess cupcake.  The coffee is also from a local Boulder City company and its amazing. The place has an open kitchen which I love and the decor is inviting and he most definitely did not miss a beat with the attention to detail in this place, you can most certainly sense his pride in cooking and atmosphere. Eating out for breakfast has not been as satisfying and exciting in long time since discovering Bread and Butter!!!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,7/9/2012,224,164,7,9,7>Currently as the Duke (as of 2/8/2012 7:37PM) of this fine establishment, I would like to welcome Ramen Sora to my wallet.The Short: Get the Miso ramen, upgrade it to a large, order a Sapporo (when they have their license), and go into a food coma.The Food:Shio: Reminds me of Chinese noodle broths, slightly clear and savory, includes 2 pieces of pork with strong flavor (soy?), seaweed, half an egg, and some fermented bamboo shoots. Everything seems to go well with each other and came out at the perfect temperature somewhere between hot and really warm. The saltiness of the broth was not overwhelming or made from someone with a salty palette. I think even my parents who dislike every other non-Chinese broth will probably enjoy this. Miso: The toppings are the same as Shio and I feel like this broth is the winner and the prize here. Supposedly  their style of made for the colder weathers, therefore it is rich, thick, bursting with umami or savoriness. I fully agree, except that I'll most likely be here during the summer's triple digit weather devouring a bowl of the Miso ramen. What I enjoy most is that black pig fat floating on top adding to the deliciousness. A Spicy Miso is also available with the spice equivalence to a big red pepper. Of course additional toppings can be added such as more bamboo shoots, onions, pork, egg, and noodles. Noodle upgrades however don't come in a separate bowl (kaedama) for you to add later like Monta. Curry Bowl: Unfortunately only comes in a mini size, but anyways it is a thick brown curry with carrots, chashu, and pickled red ginger (mhmm). A great snack if you're really hungry and waiting for your ramen, or.. if you're not that hungry, but don't want to feel weird with your dining companions. Fried Rice: If you're considering this, I would say stick with the ramen. There are two options for the fried rice, one with the house gravy sauce and one without it. I think this is the one item that is a bit overpriced, and towards the end was somewhat greasy. The house gravy (looked like egg drop soup) came in a bowl which you're suppose to add to your fried rice, wasn't my thing though. Drinks are pretty standard can tea, soda, Ramune, water, and Sapporo in the future when the elusive alcohol license comes in. Perhaps the wizards in the kitchen can create a "real" Sapparo beer ramen when that comes haha. The Service:I can't bag on them too much for service since it has been mostly good, and they are not even a week old yet. For what it is worth I did experience a bit of a hiccup from the manager whom forgot to process our order and quirky service, but it may have to do with them running out of broth by 2PM causing her to accumulate stress whenever she had to turn away customers. I'm sure once they get things sorted out everything will be dandy. The Location: Ramen Sora is located "behind" Sura Korean BBQ (hard to miss, but if you're coming from the strip its going to be the building right after Macy's Home Furniture). Parking is entrance specific, but quite adequate for the amount of seats they have available (more than Monta if you're wondering). Air conditioning seems to be working strongly too. Lastly if it matters for whatever reason I have always seen "nationals" in here, so I assume it must have their approval in authenticity.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,7/8/2012,61,73,2,13,5>If you want to experience the very best of Vegas nightlife, two clubs stand alone at the top of the game, the first being Marquee, and the second being XS.No club on the strip has done more to rebrand itself with the changing face of music and nightlife in Vegas than XS.  From massive renovations to the front of the house to clean up the lines, to the huge investments made in lighting and sound, all capped off by easily the most impressive lineup of house DJs on the strip - XS has been spending major cash to lock up some of the biggest names in the industry, and have spent even more to keep them, and the crowds, very happy.  The best part about XS is it's layout, which is highlighted by its massive dance floor. During a busy night, it can be a bit tough to make it onto the dance floor, but once you're there you're more comfortable than at any of the other big Vegas clubs.  XS also has a massive outdoor pool deck, with two additional bars and plenty of space to hang out, chat, or just listen to some great music.  As mentioned before, Jesse Waits and the whole XS crew have done some incredible work to keep XS at the forefront of the Vegas nightlife scene, mainly by bringing in the best of the best to DJ not only on Friday and Saturday nights, but also Sundays and Mondays as well.  There is no need to worry about who will be at XS on any given night, because the lineup is always stellar.  From Avicii to Dada Life, Deadmau5 to Sebastian Ingrosso, the best and brightest in the house game will be found at XS.The bad? Getting in sucks, period.  XS was the first club to begin the alarming trend of no guestlist (not even for girls).  If you're planning on going to XS and you're not buying a table, do yourself a favor and buy tickets presale on wantickets, you'll save tons of time and money in the process.  However, as a guy, even buying presale will be expensive, with ticket prices generally being the highest of any club on the strip (and expect to pay upwards of 200% more than your female friends for certain DJs). Simply, XS is one of the two biggest and best clubs on the strip, but how much fun you have here might be best gauged by your musical preference.  If you love house music, XS will no doubt be your spot; if you're more of a trance fan, Marquee at Cosmo might be more your speed.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,7/7/2012,274,498,6,8,7>Ito'y Sariling Atin is a decent Filipino restaurant. They have a good selection of food which always looks appetizing, but I've only dined here once in the past since I enjoy dining at my ma's kitchen instead. I can say that I like their fried bangus, and when it comes to  bangus, I usually have to use a fork to prevent people from immediately attacking the bangus' fatty center upon being placed on the table.  But what I really enjoy eating from here is the Lechon Baboy.My family has ordered Lechon Baboy from here several times in the past. Although I'm Filipina, I'm not a big pork eater (this is a SIN, and I'll most likely be going to hell for this and for only eating rice on occasion), but I cannot resist Porky Pig's crispy skin and succulent meat. If I'm not mistaken, you can also select the size of pig you want. I'm unsure as to what the sizes are, but we always order one that's a little bigger than my dog, who's an adult male American Cocker Spaniel. Whatever size you order, I'm sure it'll all be gone before your party's over, especially if it's a Filipino party.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/6/2012,205,232,8,10,9>One of my favorite Thai places in Vegas, and they fixed my one complaint about the place, they remodeled it so it looks way better!!!!Grilled beef salad, pineapple fried rice, pad se ew with shrimp *shoves face into food*One of my Vegas top 10 for sure!!!!  Don't expect to get the greatest service because you are not paying that much for the food.  But don't get me wrong, everyone is really nice and courteous, just don't expect a sommelier (I googled the spelling of that) to explain their wine list to you.  The place is packed, sometimes you gotta wait a while to get a table, sometimes you will be ignored when you want someone to take your order, sometimes you may feel rushed.  But you know what?  It's still THAT good, and everyone comes back.  Speaking of thai food, can someone invent a somewhat healthier version of Thai Iced Tea?!?  We have invented cellular phones, we send space ships to the moon, but we can't make a healthy Thai Iced Tea???!!!!!!  I was excited earlier, but now I am upset!!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,7/5/2012,580,394,12,9,9>For living in Southern Highlands, I can't believe how stupid I was in not coming here earlier. My stomach prolly hates me right meow!Hawaii family was in town and wanted to try something new.I've always heard about this buffet but, hearing that they had oysters on the menu sealed the deal.We arrived to an hour long wait. Which is to be expected on a Saturday night. Thankfully the bar was near by so, we had a few drinks to entertain us in line. Drinks were cheap, too =) You don't even know how shocked I was at paying $15 for 3 drinks.Once we got inside, I headed straight for the oysters. Ugh, SOOO GOOD!And next to the oysters was OXTAIL and KALUA PIG AND CABBAGE.I have never been to a buffet that has any of those. I was, literally, blown away.Their dessert menu is, by far, bigger and better than Wicked Spoon. And we alllll know how much iiiiiiiiiiiiiii love Wicked Spoon. It was levels on levels of desserts AND they, also, had dessert and coffee drinks made to order. IN-SANE.By the time, I ate my way through the buffet line was when I realized that WINE AND BEER WAS AYCE (AYCD), too. Sadly, I was too stuffed to drink anything. In the words of Arnold Swartlakjdlkjdlkja;lkjf - "I'll be back!"
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,7/4/2012,1362,984,2,12,7>Visiting Mint Indian Bistro two weeks in a row definitely warrants a review!Our first visit was at dinnertime and we were utilizing our Entertainment Book coupon.  For the Husband and I, we ordered:* Karma Korma "A creamy sauce sprinkled with nuts and assorted Himalayan spices." (with fresh veggies $12.99) - * Rebel Curry "This is the Nepalese Gurkha version of the famous curry with a rebelliously inspired exotic blend of curry spices." (with lamb $13.99)* Garlic Naan ($2.99)One thing I absolutely love are papadums and was so pleasantly surprised when they offered these to us complimentary!  (Other Indian restaurants don't offer it complimentary anymore!)  Both entrees were so flavorful and just delicious that we couldn't resist checking out their ever so popular lunch buffet option.  The daily lunch buffet is $9.99 with kids 3 and under being free.  (Ages 4 to 7 years are $5.99.)  It's offered from 11:30 am to 3:00 pm.One thing I appreciated was that they noted what food items were vegetarian and vegan.  As someone who recently stopped eating dairy, I found this very useful.When ordering naan, I was able to get this sans butter, which was quite appreciative in my situation.  And with my  new dietary restrictions, I was still able to enjoy quite a lot of food items and left feeling full and satisfied! Their buffet menu can be found on their website, but it does change. Overall, we were both quite content with their food, a la carte or buffet.  Definitely one of the better Indian buffets in town, especially if you're looking for a vegetarian, vegan, or gluten-free menu!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,7/3/2012,57,54,5,10,3>Ok, now it's time to talk a little bit about their brunch!  We went for dinner, which was my first review. Dinner was excellent, but on our way in we noticed a sign for their brunch specials on the weekend. Brunch is perhaps my favorite meal of the day, so it was decided --- Mundo brunch for my birthday :-)We had a table of 6 I think, and were one of only a couple groups in the whole place. I'd love to see this place stay, so I'm hoping more of you will give it a try!So first things first. Bottomless drinks. For $20 you get either bloody marys or mimosas (in several flavors far more interesting than just OJ). Our server gave us the great idea of one person ordering one, the other ordering the other, and we could mix-match to our hearts desire! Genius since I love bloody marys, but bottomless could weigh you down after awhile. Food - I got the Benedict Mexicano --- DELISH.Jalapeno corn bread instead of english muffin.Pork carnitas instead of canadian bacon/ham.Green chile hollandaise instead of normal heavy hollandaise. Genius. It was so good, it makes me wonder why Mr. Benedict didn't just make it this way from the beginning.  Normally I have order envy, where no matter how happy I am with what I order, I covet what my neighbors have. Not this time. I didn't want to trade, I didn't want to share.  I can't even tell you what the other 5 people at my table ordered, but they all loved it too, so I don't think you can go wrong :)
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,7/2/2012,174,287,4,11,8>I am very much a fan of this hotel, and if not for just a few minor glitches, it would definitely be a 5 star review.  The Platinum is about 2 blocks off the Strip, on Flamingo and Koval. Definitely a boutique hotel, it is non-gaming and non-smoking, with a very contemporary, cool vibe.  All of the parking is valet, which, while nice, actually can get a bit annoying if you need to come and go frequently, or just get something out of your car. I just couldn't see myself tipping every single time I got my car, but I did start feeling guilty about it.The employees were all extremely friendly and helpful throughout my stay.  The room was beautiful- I got an upgrade to a Strip View, one of the bigger suites with 2 queen beds. Full kitchen with full-sized appliances, including a stove, oven, dishwasher, refrigerator- everything you could possibly need. A washer/dryer, tons of closet space, and great lighting (which is very important to me).  The price point for all of this can't be beat, either- I'd have paid at least double that for a similar quality room on the Strip. The cons were few. The bathroom set-up is a little strange. There is not a separate water closet for the toilet, so the person using the facilities has no privacy if someone else is showering/applying makeup, etc. It would be nice if there was either a powder room or a water closet.  The shower is very small- in fact, it was a little hard to enter the shower because the shower door hits the shower head when you open it.  My biggest complaint is that the hot water was really spotty. It took a LONG time before the water got very warm, and even longer before it got hot.  As someone who values a hot shower, I was a bit concerned.There was also a tapping/dripping noise coming from the ceiling in the bathroom throughout our stay. I finally figured out that it was water dripping into the vent, probably from the room above ours. We had to make sure to keep the bathroom door closed to muffle it.The service was great throughout our stay. We called for a few items (extra blankets and towels), and not only were they delivered promptly, but the front desk called to confirm that we had received them. We also ordered room service, which was also prompt, the food was good, and I felt the pricing was very reasonable.All in all, a very good stay at the Platinum. I'll be back!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/1/2012,268,105,4,7,6>If you are looking for a fancy seafood lunch under twenty bucks on strip, you should definitely consider Milos. It offers lunch menu with 3 courses for $20.12 from Monday through Sunday. You can chose one from 6 different appetizers, 6 different main courses, and 3 options of deserts. I came here with my mom for Sunday lunch, and got seated at terrace. Atmosphere at terrace was very relaxing with stylish ambiance. My first course was fresh diver scallop skewer. Scallop tasted very fresh. It was cooked perfectly with right amount of seasoning. I could still taste sweetness of fresh scallops from my dish.  I had grilled Mediterranean bass as my main course. It was absolutely delicious!!! Fish meat tasted very elegant. Chef removed all the fish bones during preparations, so I could enjoy my dish with no worries. Bass was grilled beautifully with little seasoning of olive oil and sea salt. Is was simple and just perfect. I had walnut cake as desert. It was light and not too sweet. Overall I had a great time here, and would definitely be back very soon with friends and family. Milos truly won 5 starts on my yelp book. It is truly worthy every penny I spent here. Two thumbs up!!!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,6/30/2012,198,223,4,6,7>i have dined here 4 times now and have been impressed every time.i originally decided to dine here because i read that bradley ogden is a farm to table restaurant.this means that the menu is constantly changing.this is great for me because i like trying different things especially on repeat visits to the same restaurant.for those that are more habitual creatures, this may not be for you.the food is always fantastic!the service is always impeccable!i haven't a single complaint.even the bar food is good!a must try...the bananas foster cake dessert thingy.it was featured on "the best thing i ever ate".it certainly was one of the best things I ever ate!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/29/2012,76,343,4,7,7>What's up, this place is legit!  Paletas and aguas frescas...just give me some french fries and I'd be in heaven. The paletas are super fresh here.  You can buy frozen paletas at the store but these are so creamy (if you get the creamy based rather than fruit based) and flavorful.  My favorite is pistachio.  There's actually diced pistachios in the paleta.  They also have some really crazy flavors like avocado.  The mango con chile paleta is REALLY spicy.  My husband, who gets his food "Thai spicy," was sweating.   I've only had the agua de melon (cantaloupe) but it literally tasted like I was drinking a cantaloupe out of a straw. The place is very small, and there's a line out the door depending on when you go, but it moves quickly.  And as someone else pointed out, this is to go only.  You eat in your car or stand outside.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,6/28/2012,227,338,5,16,9>It's open! Right here in Henderson! Located in the strip mall where the 24 HR Fitness and the bread store are located. The storefront faces Pecos.   This place is  dedicated to selling solely Thrifty Ice Cream by the scoop, as a sundae, and even as an ice cream sandwich (your choice of cookies)  You can also take home hand packed pints & quarts just like the ol' days except it's not the 3 for 25 cent scoops any longer (ahem..giving away my age here).  They also serve coffee and have a cold case full of sodas, water and milk. There are 36 flavors. They offer all the old school ones like Chocolate Malted Crunch, Coconut Pineapple to new flavors like Circus Animal Cookies (and yes they taste just like the Mothers Circus Animal cookies)  and Green Tea (which is creamy and refreshing)Ambience - Store brightly lit, spacious, clean.  There are a couple tables you can sit down and have your ice cream treatService- Great!  Friendly & Helpful!  You can sample the flavors.  The ice cream is still the creamy goodness & just the right sweetness like back in the day when I used to walk to then Thrifty's Drug store and get a scoop for 15 cents. A scoop size was approx 1/2 cup it filled up the waffle cone from top to bottom. And yes it is still the same squarish round corner cylindrical scooper Thrifty used from when I was younger. I uploaded a photo to the album.   The Cherry Amaretto ice cream my husband tried had loads of whole marachino cherries in there!! ..and the Chocolate Malted Crunch tasted like what I had from back in the day...possibly even better??? Maybe it's now I appreciate that I can tell when quality and natural ingredients are used and they dont skimp on all the fruits,nuts that are mixed in. It was fun reminiscing with other customers that walked in.  I think all of us had big smiles when we walked in the place.  My first visit here sure brought back my childhood memories.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,6/27/2012,274,107,3,11,4>So i went here for the 1st time a few weeks ago.Wow I have been missing out big time...This place is fantastic! It was hard to choose what I wanted to eat because there were so many tempting items. I got the Bigfoot Chicken fried steak and it comes with soup or salad and a corn bread muffin I chose a salad with ranch which I must say was very tasty ranch and the muffin was so sweet and soft. You also get a choice of sides I  ordered the red skinned mashed potatoes and baked beans let me tell you I have never had baked beans that good they were sweet and spicy and had sausage and bacon in them mmm mmm good. Now on to the main dish the chicken fried steak it was tasty fried goodness covered in homemade gravy the meat was very good quality this is definitely the best chicken fried steak I have ever had.Not only was the food absolutely delicious but the service was excellent and the price was right.I cant wait to return to this restaurant there are so many other delicious looking items I wanna try.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2011,6/26/2012,223,135,5,12,8>YUM YUM YUM...YUMMY Alert!!!  Me and my fiance finally checked this place out and have eaten there two more times. When you finally find it in this strip mall the whole in the wall is a treasure. You can tell you are there because there is always people waiting out side and cars all around the one door.This place is SMALL and HOT! There is a little wrap around bar that holds about 6-8 people and then maybe 5 tables. It is warm in there but no one seems to care. Everyone just eats there hot ramen noodles in the hot restaurant.The ramen is so yummy! Get the egg added to your soup. That is the only add on I would recommend. I have had two of the broths and they are so rich and yummy.  You really cannot go wrong. This place is NOODLEISH!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,6/25/2012,379,224,2,10,9>After a couple good holes but overall a horrific round of golf (quite challenging 3 par course, at least for me), I found redemption through this place.. More specifically their Burger!"Half-Pound charbroiled angus ground chuck on a toasted brioche bun with mayonnaise, lettuce, tomato, pickle, red onion." And I chose steak fries to go with it. This bar/lounge served One of The Best Burgers I've had! And it was only $7.45 with the fries!! Can't beat that with a Metal Bat!! The Angulicious beef flavor was Savory as could be! All the toppings and the buns were portioned properly with the size of the patty and simply made an Extraordinary Backyard Basic/Standard type Burger.. Under rated or Undiscovered??!!  The steak fries were soft, fat, rectangular and that seasoning.. Awesome!! Atmosphere calm and relaxed, nice and open. Service was Excellent. Burger was a 'Hole In One' and Prices Inexpensive across the board!!!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2012,6/24/2012,182,453,14,18,18>If anyone had told me that I, a Jewish girl from Brooklyn and former hippie, would be living in Vegas and watchin a '30s-'40's swing show in the Italian-American Social Club, I'd think they'd just arrived on the first flight from Mars.  There's just no end to the Secrets of Sin City!How'd we get there?  An offering from LV House Seats.  It was definitely not my speed, but the description was intriguing.  And, they serve dinner (optional), so we figured we could kill two birds with one bocce ball.Aside from the fact that the average age of the audience was the wrong side of 75 (the saxophone player is 96 - and I am, to plagiarize Dave Barry, NOT making this up), the show was delightful. The reason for the offer was because the second part of the show was being taped for TV and will be seen on some local cable station - which one escapes me - in a few weeks.Jeanne Brei was the singer and star of the show, which runs the first Thursday of every month.   She's a pro - a woman of a certain age with a great voice and more energy than a 10-year-old.  The band is incredibly talented and date back to the very beginning of Vegas history - the sax player played with Benny Goodman, and all the other "youngsters" probably have a combined 200 years of experience.  She and the band are known as the Speakeasy Swingers.  Though listening to music such as "Pennies from Heaven" is definitely not my cup of Chianti, the show was very enjoyable.  There's also a large dance floor, populated mostly with a few professional dancers, but some regular couples got up to dance, too, though not the 95-year-old woman in the wheelchair who used to do solo flying.  The second part of the show, the one that'll be shown on TV, featured Jeanne, a talented tap dance duo, and solos by a couple of very good singers.But this is Yelp, so now to the food.  It was mostly terrific.  And no surprise - Italian!  I ordered Chicken Marsala.  I couldn't see the chicken, because it was buried under more mushrooms than I've ever seen on this dish - dark, woodsy, mushrooms in an authentic and rich Marsala sauce.  The same sauce, with even more mushrooms, covered the perfectly-cooked linguine served alongside it.  Hubby had Chicken Piccata, and it, too, was different - it was garnished with beautiful THINGS:  were they uncured olives? capers on steroids?  They're not my thing, so I couldn't tell, but my husband sure loved them.  Both entrees came with a small, unremarkable dinner salad in an unfortunate styrofoam bowl, and the bread, which should have been as wonderful as the food, was awful.  I think there's no cover for the show, and the fact that it was offered on LV House Seats was merely to ensure an audience for the taped portion.  Sometime during the evening a gentleman walked around with a basket collecting contributions "for the band."The large room is, no surprise, very dated - probably dates back to the Bugsy era, and there's a full bar in a completely separate room, with a juke box.This is surely worth a trip - for the entertainment, the food, and the nostalgia of a bygone era.  And you can even go for free Salsa lessons on the other Thursdays!!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,6/23/2012,1407,1189,24,14,10>Update AND upgrade: After a hectic work week, our escape is usually a dosage of omega action provided by the Goyemon Boyz. We were grubbin' at the bar, and wifey was feeling tense and needed a massage. Best Foot Spa wasn't far away and open til late, so we phoned in our appointments and gave it another go.We got our same private room and I didn't get the massuses' names, but right away, they went to work. The foot soak action was awesome especially for being on my feet all week. My massuse was very attentive, always checking if I was fine with the pressure, etc..after working my neck and shoulders, I still felt knotted up, so instead of the head massage, I requested extra time with my neck and shoulders. Now this is where it becomes like an episode of WWE Smackdown!She switched me to the smaller(foot) chair, pillow in my lap, and face in the pillow. Immediately kneading, chopping and slapping away the knots one by one. Boy ,did it hurt so good, but she wasn't done yet....there must've been some stubborn knots because she applied both her elbows to my trapezius muscles at full throttle, and it got even HEAVIER. I could hear her feet leave the ground and touch the ground again, 3-4 timescontinuously. I didn't know if I wanted to yell "uncle" or bust out laughing! Man, what a no-holds-barred match that was. I've heard of a "monkey on my back", but I literally had a MASSUSE on my back!Now on my stomach, she continues with my neck, to my shoulders and down my back which is very soothing .This time though, instead of squeezing the charmin gently, she does does a full-on ASS GRAB as if she were kneading dough for bread...does everyone else get those ass grabs too!?!?!? It wasn't painful or anything, just kinda awkward. I just thought everyhing below the belt and above the hamstring was a no-no..This time, on my back she went to work on my arms, and as I'm in the moment, this rude lady comes in and starts chatting with Rex like they were the only two people in the room about some movie she'd seen.Really??? Man, this Roger Ebert wannabe is lucky a wall separated us! As my massuse continued, she hit pressure points that I never knew pain existed(forearms, achiles,etc.) and she even put the "Sleeper"hold on me! Not once, but TWICE! I even caught myself snoozing off, and wifey was keepin' it together from busting out in laughter! My 60 minute session finally came to an end and it was definitely satisfying. Yup, we're fans....:) ALOHA!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(170/365) "Smackdown at the Spa!"
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,6/22/2012,563,342,9,13,11>Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (21 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!I am so happy that I found this place and it is right in my neighborhood.  My girlfriends and I frequent this shop bi-weekly to get both pedicures and gel manicures.  We love that all the women in here are friendly, accomodating, and are good and detailed at what they do.  They clean your nails up real good, cut them down to size, massage your hands and feet real good, give you a bottle of water to hydrate, and have a wide variety of nail colors, especially gel colors to choose from.  They even have a menu of different pedicures you can get from express to even something involving food in it.  They offer wax services of course and even glitter body art for all you bikini wearers in the summer; definitely a treat!What I like too is that they have a rewards program. 15% off after your 5th visit.  Sweet!  If you frequent the nail salon, I highly recommend this place.  Just make sure to make an appointment, this place is hot!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,6/21/2012,242,416,4,13,9>It's not very often that the owner of the restaurant is your server. It was kind of funny. At first I thought he was the chef since he was wearing a white chef jacket, but then he came up to us and said, "My name is Carlos and this is my kitchen." He introduced himself AND explained the name of his restaurant.I kept reading about how specials are posted on a board, but I couldn't find it at first and I didn't want to just get a regular sandwich or burger. I eventually noticed it behind the bar area and for today they had Enchiladas, a Southwestern burger, and a turkey ruben. I asked Carlos what was in the Southwestern burger and he said it had Pepper Jack Cheese,Roasted Peppers Grilled Onion, Lettuce,& Tomato with Chipotle Ranch. I was going to order it, but my mom jumped on that before I did, so I went with the Enchiladas. We both got iced tea that was always refilled once it hit the halfway mark. While waiting, I took a look around the place. It's definitely Arizona Charlie themed, as Lucy E stated and it doesn't have the best ambiance. When we first walked in, we were greeted by a strong smell of smoke, but we just sat at one of the tables farthest from the bar area and it was fine. The furniture is pretty outdated with some old looking floral print fabric and our table cloth kept trying to fall off. Normally I would knock off some stars for that, but the food + service was outstanding. It seemed like everyone working at Charlie's Saloon was involved in the restaurant. The bartender in the saloon went up to us a few times to see how we were doing, gave us our menus when we just sat down, and asked how the Enchiladas were. When I told him they were great, he said, "That's what I'll be having for lunch. Everything in Carlos' Kitchen is amazing. You could probably throw a dart to pick anything on the menu and it'll come out awesome." Before we even ordered the burger, Carlos said all their burgers are very good. You can tell that Carlos and everyone that works here is very proud of the food. Carlos came out with our plates. The first thing I noticed was that the Enchilada plate looked a lot smaller than the ones you'd get at Mexican restaurants, but it was the perfect portion. Normally other places will just fill the plate with a bunch of sauce and watery beans, but this plate just had the two Enchiladas in the center and a small portion of beans and rice on the right and left. At first I thought the sauce was going to be overbearing because it looked like there was a lot of it, but it actually had a nice subtle flavor that complemented the Enchiladas perfectly. I'll be honest, I scraped my plate clean. I don't even remember the last time I ever did that, but I couldn't help it. The Enchilada plate was just so yummy and the portion was perfect. It didn't leave me overly full and I didn't have to waste any of it.I took a bite of my mom's burger and it was good. The patty was very juicy and I actually really liked the Chipotle ranch that was inside. When I took a pic of the burger, it looked like there was A LOT of cheese in it, but the piece I ate didn't have any cheese on it, so I can't really comment on it ruining the burger (s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com). My favorite part about that dish was the beer battered french fries. They are soo long, so crisp, and perfectly breaded (s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com). I absolutely love their fries!When we were done with our meals, Carlos talked to us for a while. He told us about how everything they make is from scratch including their soups. They always have a different soup and they just create it from whatever vegetable is in abundance at the grocery store or whatever is in season. He also told us about the New Years Eve Feast they're having for $20.12 (clever, right?). It includes: Mixed Greens with Poached Pears, Bleu Cheese and Champagne Vinaigrette,Grilled Filet Mignon topped with Two Sauteed Prawns, Eggnog Pannacotta with Brandy Caramel Sauce and fresh Whipped Cream. It's an awesome deal and it's served from 4pm-midnight.Everything about our experience here today was excellent an I'll definitely be coming back to try out some more of their daily deals and definitely some of their soup!Tips:*Carlos' Kitchen has an app that you can download for free! It shows you their daily specials, menus, and restaurant info*Daily specials are posted on a board on the left side of the bar area. It's next to the kitchen door
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,6/20/2012,135,365,6,8,8>Anthony M is spot on when he says variety if what makes Goyemon stand out among the AYCE sushi restaurants in the valley. In addition to the usual menu of sushi and maki choices, there are nightly blackboard specials, specials on your place mat, and off menu specials you can ask for if the staff knows you well enough. I think their variety is especially evident in the non-shushi items: cold tofu, grilled pork belly, kama, udon, and even Monta ramen (after 2300).Fish quality is decent. It is definitely not Urawasawa or Nobu, but it is definitely not horrible as some would have you believe. Not sure why some Yelpers are so bitter towards this restaurant, maybe since they normally wish they can dine at Nobu, they feel they are extra special and deserve special treatment. When that doesn't happen they try to trash the restaurant and those who like it. If that is the case, they should be ashamed, if their egos permitted it.Service can be slow especially during dinner time, but the servers do put forth a lot of effort to get everyone's orders in. I think the best bet is to come here later in the evening, since it is slower and that is when ramen is available. Looking forwad to returning, especially for one of Nelson Q's UYE's!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,6/19/2012,105,209,10,17,8>I want to give this place six stars because it's so good, but I apparently don't have that option. Sucks. I love this place, guys. I really do. They have really good food here, and it's truly the best Peruvian food I've had in Las Vegas, on par with El Rocoto in California. Not only that, but it's nice to go to a Peruvian place that has a real restaurant feel to it - some Peruvian places are a little bit more dumpy, where this place is really dressed up. Win for this place, my friends. But I won't bore you with details of the decor (it's tasteful), the staff (friendly and polite), or parking (plentiful!). Let's talk food. The food here is great. That's all there is to it. Please, please, please listen to me when I recommend that you get the jalea for your party. Trust me. It's so good it'll knock your socks off. Plus, the dish is huge! I order that just so that my date/family/whomever-I'm-eating-with eats that and leaves my plate alone. Plus, the red diced onions?! I could eat those as a dish. Whatever you eat, you need to drink chicha. It's a purple maiz drink, which makes it sound gross. Except it's the exact opposite of gross! It's an epic win! If you're not feeling that adventurous, try the Inca Kola. My non-Peruvian friends tell me it tastes like bubblegum, though I say it tastes like happiness. Also, try the lucuma ice cream. I really have no way of telling you how good this is, other than to tell you it's amazing. Everything here is good. The lomo saltado, ceviche, jalea... everything. It's really good food! I'm trying to think of more things to say that will tell you how good it is, but I can't. Because my work schedule was nuts for a while, I haven't been here in forever. I need to come back here soon, so you'll probably see me here when you come!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,6/18/2012,880,837,11,17,13>Pupusas in Summerlin! Having  been to San Salvador I was eager to try this place out and People, I was not disappointed!  Las Pupusas Restaurant, a family-owned business, just opened their 5th location and what a delight to have a super clean, and super friendly Pupusas Restaurant in the neighborhood!  And wow, this place is huge! I'm telling you, this is the real deal. I was really surprised at how big the Pupusas were, they were the size of a tostada so one is very filling!  All the flavors I remember from my trip were all there too.  If you've never had a Pupusa don't compare the flavors to its near-neighboring country of Mexico-you won't find super spicy flavors in a Pupusa or the "salsa" it comes with which is not really a salsa as you know it, its actually a tangy mildly spicy salad dressing to pour over the Curtido. Pupusas are filled with a variety of savory fillings. The further south you go on the continent the less spicy the food gets, Quinoa in Peru and by the time you get to Argentina, its meat and potatoes! Starting at just $1.75 you can choose from a variety of Pupusas, from: Guqimi, Herb, Mixed, Bean and Cheese, to Loro, Calabaza (squash), and Chicken.  We had the chicken, herb and cheese, Revuelto (mixed), and the beans and cheese, all made to order and piping hot even when I got home!  They are made to order so they take at least 20 minutes (go to Jack in the Box if you want your order in two minutes). Our Pupusas were served with a GENEROUS side of  traditional "salsa" dressing and Curtido (sliced cabbage, carrot, spices, vinegar) which like any "cole slaw" it's just a matter of who makes it best, and they make it real good!  The only thing missing from my experience was a muggy, outdoor Central-American tropical patio, and a Suprema beer (San Salvadorian beer which by the way no one in Vegas carries!) This restaurant serves a Mexican menu as well, (tacos, chilaquiles, caldos, seafood platters, tortas, burritos, fajitas) and breakfast! So next time, I'll be ordering some huevos con chorizo for desayuno. Menu of course features a variety of typical Salvadorean dishes like Yuca con Chicharron (yucca root with cooked pork rinds), Platanos de Chiplin and a few imported beers available too.Lots of folks ordering take-out for a Saturday night, like me, but I'm looking forward to sitting down and trying more entrees.  Menu is vast and lots of delish options to choose from. Since they have sister locations sprinkled all over town, most folks will appreciate the same menu and hopefully get the same quality and consistency. Love this place, so delicious! This will be my weekly stop! I'm so happy they opened a restaurant in Summerlin yippee!  Get in your car and go now! Opened 9-9 p.m. 7 days a week.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,6/17/2012,1041,258,7,13,9>This place is located near my house so it is a  plus having a place you can grab "fast food" when you're not feeling like cooking, and not having to worry about plaque building up in your arteries as you are consuming your oh so delicious lard. The place is located in a very high traffic plaza and it can get pretty packed during lunch. Inside of the restaurant is very well done. The interior has a very sleek, modern and clean look. The menu is fairly simple, and the calories are added next to each item on the menu (major bonus). The staff was fairly friendly albeit a bit rushed even though it was not very busy on that particular day. I opted for the Teriyaki Grilled Chicken wrap with a side of Jicama fries. Everything was very delicious.  The less calories conscious boyfriend opted for Turkey BLT wrap with tofu fries. The wrap was just ok. It needed some sort of a light sauce or marinade  to infuse the exceedingly dry turkey. This would be a forgivable,  if this wrap was not $10.99. He ended up finishing my wrap of which he was a huge fan. I absolutely LOVED the tofu fries. SO good! The lunch was not cheap, but that is expected at a place that serves healthier options, and by nature of the business incur higher direct and indirect costs. Also, by choosing this particular location to open shop, the business has found its niche. Let's hope for the best. I will be back for sure, just not sure when or how frequently.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,6/16/2012,99,98,6,15,12>Best pizza downtown. Hands down. Finally a pizza joint that rises above the rest. Pop Up Pizza is as artful as Pop Up Art House in Henderson. Think a hybrid between Neapolitan style and New York style. Exceptional ingredients that are perfectly portioned with the crust. Oh the crust, light, yet firm, a with a nice crunch on the edge yet soft and pillowy inside. The crust in the center holds up to the toppings with ease. By the slice, by the pie, heck buy the slice or buy the pie. Four styles to choose from with an additional 4 on the way in the next few weeks...including a vegan variety. An entiere pie will run you about $22, by the slice-$3.50 Pop Up Pizza is located on the south end of The Plaza, just as you enter the front door from Main St. Run, do not walk to this place. Soon the lines will be out the door, up Fremont Street, then all the way down Las Vegas Blvd to the Secret Pizza Place at the Cosmo. Yeah, it's that good.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,6/15/2012,148,168,12,20,13>Gold Dust WomanDamn I really hate being THAT guy.  You know, the last on one the bandwagon...before everyone else has already jumped off because it's going down in flames.  Well, because of Lil Brown Sugar's Cupcakes, I officially jumped on board (feel free to exit the cabin at any time).Over the past 3 weeks, I've sampled probably a dozen flavors and all of them were absolutely spot on.  First of all, if you've read any of my reviews of cupcake places (if not, I will find you and tape your eyelids open), I don't like frosting.  Yeah, I'm odd like that, but my kids love that they get an extra dose of kiddy crack.  These are the only cupcakes where I absolutely cannot pass up the frosting.  They capture the essence of the flavor in the frosting, like how Jelly Belly does in a jelly bean.  Seriously!  Here's a rundown:1.  Key Lime - Hold your butt cheeks together otherwise you'll shit yourself.  The frosting tastes like a fluffy key lime pie.  Well, not "like" a key lime pie...EXACTLY like one.  I actually ate the frosting before the cupcake.  It so light and fluffy it feels like there aren't any calories, just angel dust.  The cupcake itself had a hint of lime, which was nice, but really, it was second fiddle to the frosting.2.  Butter Beer - I think this was butterscotch cake batter mixed with cream soda topped with butterscotch frosting.  I'm not a fan of butterscotch, but the flavors were so rich and flavorful.  The cake was a little too dense for my wife's taste, but exactly how I like it.  3.  Peanut Butter Cup - It was a chocolate cupcake with a Hershey Kiss baked inside, topped with peanut butter frosting.  I hate peanut butter, so this wasn't my cup of tea because it tasted exactly like a peanut butter cup (duh).  On the other hand, my wife and mother-in-law thought this was their favorite of all.4.  Strawberry Lemonade - One of my favorites.  The cupcake is a strong lemon flavor.  Not tart and not sweet.  Just easily identifiable as lemon.  The frosting was on the sweeter side, so I did scrape off about half, but it perfectly complemented the cupcake to the point where it really did taste like a mild strawberry lemonade.  5.  Orange Dreamsicle - Just like when Ego eats the ratatouille, my hanabata days memories of eating a Meadow Gold orange dreamsicle came rushing back.  This cupcake was like eating a fluffy one, and without the brain freeze.  Of all the flavors I've tried, this is the most subdued, yet highly addictive.6.  Chocolate Covered Strawberry - Exactly as described, a chocolate cupcake with strawberry frosting.  Not quite the most memorable, but not too shabby either.  The fact that the frosting is mixed with FRESH strawberries gets points from me.7.  S'mores - Dude.  Totally tastes like a s'more.  And nowhere near as sweet as a real one.  Chocolate (maybe it was Devil's Food) cupcake with marshmallow whip frosting, topped with crushed graham cracker.  My family still raves about this one.  8.  Thin Mint Cake Pop - When the lady behind the counter told me it tastes like a Thin Mint, she wasn't kidding.  Sans the snap of the cookie, this thing is choco-minty goodness.  Get two of these and you almost have a box of the real thing.  9.  Sugar Cookies - I buy these for my rug rats.  Haven't been able to taste them because they're usually gone.  I guess that means they're pretty good.10.  Red Velvet - Tastes like red velvet.  Although it is exactly as described, I would have to say this is the most boring flavor offered (this statement comes from a guy who LOVES red velvet.  I'm the guy who bought my wife a red velvet birthday cake because hell, if I like it, she better like it too (right?)).  I suggest you do yourself a favor and try anything else in the case.I would argue that these tasty nuggets don't contain brown sugar.  No, they must have been sprinkled with some gold dust because I'm ready to dig in with my silver spoon.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,6/12/2012,563,825,17,19,19>It's been years since I've had hair on my head. So what am I doing inside a salon? Late on a Friday night, no less?The answer involves three simple letters. BAO.I've been wanting to check this place out for a while. I was in the area and found out via twitter that they were open late this Friday evening. (They've been staying open late on Friday nights for the past few weeks).This cute little cafe is the epitome of random. Nestled within a pretty large salon, you will find Chef Sheridan Su and Jen Jen (it said that on her t-shirt) behind a small hole-in-the-wall counter. It's a very intimate setting and you get to watch them preparing your food. As such, I think I picked the perfect time to try this place for the first time. With no one else around, it felt like I was in their home and as they were fixing me a late night meal, we chatted back and forth getting to know one another.With a couple as friendly and adorable as Sheridan and Jenny, I was immediately a fan of Great Bao, but how is their food?I went with the ComBAO. This allows you to pick any three bao plus a drink for $10 (tax included). I opted for duck, pork, and chicken. The bread was so light and fluffy. I like theirs better than The Chairman truck. Each bao had something I liked and I fully enjoyed them all. But if I had to pick one, I'd probably go with duck. Honestly though, that's only ever-so-slightly ahead of pork, followed closely by chicken. According to Chef Su, I was the first to try a chicken wing version--the chicken bao is usually made with breast and thigh meat.As for the drink, I went with a peach Italian soda with cream. It was surprisingly delicious. For some reason, it reminded me of a guava drink--very refreshing. After I was done with my three bao, Jenny asked me if I was ready for three more bao. What? I was so confused. Then she hands me a basket with three tiny balls of some sort of honey-biscuit-something-or-other. Funny and cute. Well played Jenny.So a big thumbs up on the delicious food, the tasty beverage, the friendly service, the intimate atmosphere, and the quirky location inside a salon. Plus, I always love meeting awesome small business owners. Everything about Great Bao Asian Cafe is simply fantastic.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,6/11/2012,93,649,8,16,13>First things first, I gotta give a shout out to my girl Jaime W. for telling me about Penn's Thai House! It's not our #1 pick for thai food in Vegas (nothing beats Komol for my hubby!!) but it's really close to our house and the Penn (the owner) is fabulous. The location isn't the best, but that can be said about some of the other fantastic thai places in town, like those in Commercial Center. This isn't a fine dining establishment by any means. Aesthetically, the place could use a little work.  But for people that like take out, Penn's is fab! Unlike some places in town, when you request your meal hot at Penn's, you are going to get it hot... regardless of your ethnic background. My husband likes his food HOT, to the extent that he will break out in a sweat halfway thru his meal if it was done right.. Not only has he always been happy with the heat factor on the food he has ordered from Penn's, but the owner goes above and beyond and will package up containers of the different spices and chilis so if he needs a little extra OOMPH, he can add it. She does this without us asking, just because she remembers his request for hot food from the very first time we went in.I am not a big fan of spicy foods, in fact I'd go as far as to say I am a wussy when it comes to the heat. Penn's still keeps me happy with their delicious egg rolls, tasty stir fries and, mmm is there thai tea ever good! If you find yourself out in Henderson, craving some spicy thai grub, give Penn's a try.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,6/10/2012,620,206,7,9,11>Sinatra inside the Wynn, I love you.I was taken here for a surprise birthday dinner and it was the highlight of my birthday weekend. The decor is beautiful and our table was against the large windows with a view of the outside garden area. The menus are cute too, each has a picture inside of Steven Wynn and Frank himself.The service was impeccable beginning at the entrance of the restaurant. When I arrived the hostess handed me a handwritten birthday card, and throughout the entire dinner all the staff went out of their way to wish me a happy birthday.The food was so delicious. Our party ordered nearly everything on the menu, including several bottles of chianti. One of the specials for the night was a black truffle pasta which was heavy but delicious. I had little bites of everything. The entree item I ordered was the pennette. Italian sausage ragu over pasta, amazing.Desserts (panna cotta and tiramisu) came out with candles on them and "happy birthday" written in chocolate. I will post a pic here on Yelp. It was a fantastic ending to a wonderful meal.I'm very much looking forward to my next experience at Sinatra.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2012,6/9/2012,230,576,15,13,11>The Erotic Heritage Museum isn't for the timid so be prepared!Do you want to watch pornography in public?Would you like to see a dress made out of condoms?Have you always wanted to see a phallic symbol made of pennies?If you said yes to any of these questions then you should check this place out! There are also history lessons to be learned here. For example : Did you know that in the past doctor's used to give orgasms to their lady patients as a form of treatment? I would have been like : "Here is my co pay" ! LOLThe top level has a hidden nook which has the history of prostitution through out different cultures. The presentation looks like a high school project but the information is interesting.  The museum should actually showcase this instead of keeping it hidden. I think it would only benefit the museum if they added more history.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,6/8/2012,682,135,13,11,11>Comedian Daniel Tosh once commented that people say money can't buy happiness...do you live in America?  Cause it buys you a waverunner...have you ever seen someone frowning on a waverunner? Seriously have you? Seriously...have you? Seriously.............have you?  I would say the same in regards to trying not to smile upon biting into the Belgian waffle ice cream sandwich at The Lunch BoxCan't comment on their international themed hot dogs just yet, since I was tweaking-out like a cocaine addict coming down from a bad high for this delectable treat.  Probably the only thing you will need to *waffle* over is in regards to which ice cream you want in your sandwich and whether you can handle the full (3.99) or the half order (2.50).  Being my first time, I went with mint chocolate chip and got the half order sandwich, which I promptly inhaled within a few minutes.  Your tongue will be delightfully confused by the interplay of hot and cold, crispy and creamy, crunchy and smooth.  It's safe to say the entire Bluth family (Arrested Development) would have a love affair with this ice cream sandwich....taste the happy for less than 5 bucks!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,6/7/2012,765,431,13,35,12>This is the gym I've been looking for!I recently moved back to Vegas and needed a gym. I was kind of over the LVAC hustle. Sign a contract, blah blah blah...become a member of an overcrowded gym, blah blah blah.I hopped on Yelp, searched for Gyms and BAM! City Athletic Club popped up.When I got to the club, I was greeted by Club Director, Elvis. He gave me a tour of the facility, and gave me a couple days to try out the club. No pitch or sales pressure (even though I know how to handle it). By the next day, I was ready to sign up. Memberships are affordable, and they have different levels. I LOVE the towel service. Also love that I don't need to carry a membership card on my keys.The gym is brand new. Clearly it was a 24 Hour before, but it has MAJOR upgrades. The equipment is new, the club is clean and sanitized hourly, and almost every piece of cardio has it's on TV (in HD of course with basic cable). My favorite parts of the gym:--No contract. Month-to-Month.--Full Basketball Court with extensions to 6 hoops.--Olympic Size Swimming Pool (even though I dont know how to swim)--A Yoga/dance studio for the ladies--Spin classes in their own room--Fantastic selection of weights (bars, dumbbells, machines, etc)--Separate stretching areas--Cardio (stairs, treadmills, etc) with their own HDTVs--CLEAN showers and bathrooms--Toiletries provided--Membership is capped, so once they reach a certain number, you don't have to worry about pretentious psycho people ruining YOUR gym.The gym is not full of meatheads, or grenades. All normal people. If you are looking for a gym, this is the spot. Everyone is nice here.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/6/2012,420,186,16,20,19>I just realized that I have not yet written a review for my favorite sushi spot on earth! Here it goes!! Although I have not been here in months because I moved on the opposite end of Vegas, now turning into a 30 minute drive, compared to a 5 minute drive =(WHERE: Located on Rainbow & RobindaleWHAT:  Everything about this local sushi joint is outstanding! From the uniqueness of the special rolls to the to the great customer service, this is the place to try!If you do get the chance to come here for your first, second, or millionth time, I suggest AYCE all the way!! Lunch is 24.95 and dinner is 27.95- so worth the time and money spent!One of my favorite appetizers is the ahi poke! There's something about the mixture that makes you want to order 5 of them and make your own dish!ROLLS:-Oyshi roll: The first thing you should try! It is their special roll, and the absolute best!!-Vegas & Sibuya rolls: If I can recall, these are the 2 rolls without rice! & are both full of flavor!-Japanese Lasagna roll: I always have to have my baked roll!!There are other great rolls, but I can't remember what the names were! So, until next time! I will update soon!*NOTE: You also get a free dessert with AYCE!! There are the fruit&yogurt parfait, creme brulee, ice cream, or mochi!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,6/5/2012,114,197,4,8,9>I'm Japanese, but I can't understand how the heck everyone can eat  at a AYCE sushi joint, and not become a diabetic.  lol.    Okay,  I understand you can't do it on a daily basis, but how's about checking out a Sushi joint that actually owned by a Japanese person, and has a Japanese sushi chef.   I came by this place by chance a few weeks ago, because I had to get a Pizza at  Papa John for my nephews, and this place located next door to them.    It's a small restaurant, and it was closed at that time because they take a short break between lunch and dinner; so I  put it on the back burner, and planned to come back.Well, a few weeks later I finally checked them out.   There not much seats in this restaurant, and when I got there it was getting near closing time for them; so I got in without waiting.I'm not much of sashimi person, so I ordered a Inari sushi  (3.00) for my appetizer, and I have to admit, it was very good.   Not too overpowering on the vinegar.  For my dinner, I ordered a Chicken teriyaki, Tempura, and Kara-age.   The teri Chicken was good, but the Kara-age was ono!      Wow....close to even my mom's recipe.    Service was fast,  maybe because I was the last person in for the night, but for under 20.00 with a tip, I was very surprised to have very good Japanese meal in Henderson.     It's not AYCE sushi, but who the heck can really eat that much rice without having a glucose tolerances issue.      This place is worth the drive.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,6/4/2012,378,248,14,17,13>Authentic, Home Cookin' Korean!As you can see from my photo, I'm a white dude, but growing up around lots of Korean friends and culture, I definitely know my way around a few H.O.T. albums and jars of kimchi in the garage.  The food at Mashisoyo is homey and authentic in the best way.The owners greeted me with sincere smiles as I walked in for dinner on a Thursday evening with a friend.  We sat down in front of a TV playing some K-pop stuff, which is still entertaining, even if your Korean isn't so good.  We ordered the Seafood Soon Dobu (tofu soup), and the Haemul Paejun (scallion and seafood pancake).  The Pancake was HUGE, and full of lots of tasty shrimp, calamari, and octopus.  I like my Paejan crispy, and because of the size of this one, some parts could have been cooked a little longer, but it was still very tasty.  The soon dobu was delicious, and had more seafood than Finding Nemo. Lots of mussels, clams, shrimp, and calamari made this eat more like a stew than a soup.  It was hearty and spicy and wonderful. Mashisoyo is hidden in a small shopping center across the street from Walmart and next to a Tropical Smoothie place on Ft. Apache.   Make sure you come check out this repeat-visit-worthy, mom and pop tofu stop!!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,6/3/2012,446,223,6,16,12>I work next door to this bakery and I must say... The anticipation we had while it was being built was well worth it. We started off our morning with an amazing assortment of Fresh croissants and other light flaky pastry items. They use a lot of dark chocolate in the twists and other pastry and it is just enough to sweeten it up but not overpower it with sugar. I decided to walk into the bakery and get a mocha since they also offer a full selection of Coffee and teas.  Bingo another great offering, the mocha was perfect, and not overly sweet, I was also able to talk to the main chef Megan Romano, she can sure get her bake on.Take the time to go support this awesome bakery, not only is it locally owned but the decor is very modern and comfortable, With nice seating available for a quick bite or a coffee or book club meeting with a group this a must visit. Get your baked good, Breads, Coffee, Tea and to die for candy and cakes. This is a place I think you do not want to pass on. Enjoy!!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,6/1/2012,318,159,6,14,12>This new farmers market started up this past Friday, running weekly from 9am-2pm. The temporary location was outside on 3rd Street in front of Mob Bar, but they are supposed to be moving inside the old bus terminal. Opening week featured a few vendors, the largest being the Intuitive Forager with a very impressive selection of produce, mostly from California. Just this one stand offered many varieties of potatoes, citrus fruits, mushrooms, apples, avocados, vegetables, fresh herbs, and berries, as well as an aged goat cheese. I saw items as interesting as limequats and purple Brussels sprouts. Harry's Berries also made an appearance, though the pint of strawberries ($7) that were put aside for me "disappeared" while I ran to get some cash-- that shows how popular these sweetest of strawberries are! Now lacking an essential pie ingredient, I still picked up some stalks of Channel Islands rhubarb ($5/lb). I also purchased a handful of tiny, seedless Kishu tangerines ($6/lb). These caught my attention as I recently read an editorial by Ruth Reichl that mentioned the box of Kishus sent to her by Alice Waters. I wish Alice sent me citrus fruits.Another vendor offered prepared dips and salsas, including a very curious chocolate chip cookie hummus. Samples of the various spreads were offered. Grouchy John's was present brewing coffee beverages, and other mobile vendors are supposed to join in the future. This market should continue to grow as it moves indoors, but it's already off to a good start. Parking is free and convenient in the bus terminal lot at Casino Center and Stewart.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,5/31/2012,410,224,6,14,14>It took a few visits, but once Kyara grew on me, it's become a favorite!  Every time I eat here I try something new that I really enjoy.  Which is more than I can say about that other place that starts with an "I."  In-N-Out?  Island Style?  Anyways.  Point is, it's rare to visit a place multiple times and discover a great dish during each visit.  So what are the hits at Kyara?Curry rice with Chicken Katsu (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG): This is one of the lunch specials, and makes me wish I worked nearby!  The curry has a great balance of heat and flavor, while the katsu is lightly breaded and not burnt at all.  Highly recommended if you're in the area.Garlic Chicken Ponzu (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG): At $5.80, this is a great portion for a tapas place if you ask me.  Garlic is delicious, ponzu is delicious, put them together and it's double delicious.Aburi Shime Saba: Seared Mackerel with yuzu ponzu sauce.  Mmm mmm good!  You get a good serving of mackerel with this dish.  It's also very lightly seared.  Like maybe the chef prepared the dish within view of a flame; that lightly seared.Tsukune: Ground Chicken and pork skewer.  Tasty and freshly prepared.  A bit crisp on the outside with a hot and juicy interior.  Service here has been consistently good, along with food quality.  If you're headed to Kyara, be sure to invite me along!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,5/30/2012,606,96,6,13,11>I was starving and sick from a bad sinus infection... My cravings were something fried, but also wanted some spicy soup to balance the two out. My thoughts were Tang Soo Yook and Jjampong!!! We walked in a few minutes before closing and asked the server if she was still serving... she went back to the kitchen to see if the light was still on. If the light is on, that means the Chef can still cook for us and luckily it was!!!I enjoyed their Tang Soo Yook, which is a deep fried pork that comes with a tangy jelly-like sauce.. similar to sweet and sour that they give you on the side to pour over. This came out steamy, hot!!! Tasted fresh and love the tempura/cornstarch batter that makes this deep fried pork so delightful to eat. The oil that was used seem new and made this dish taste light and perfectly crisp. Each bite was pipin' hot and delicious. The sauce that completes this dish consists of sliced cucumber, carrot, napa cabbage, wood ear mushrooms, and onion. I would say, without this sauce.. it would be very plain jane and definitely wouldn't be as good. Love!My minus one star was the Jjampong. Although it had chunks of seafood, it lacked flavor tremendously. It was like putting chunks of cayenne pepper in water and heating it up. The spices didn't really do it for me and I felt like there were some missing ingredients that could have done wonders for this soup. That was the only thing that wasn't so great, but I did enjoy the texture of the noodles in this soup very much. Their side dishes is very limited to only daikon and kimchi. But their kimchi is very notable... my Father loves the kimchi here and so do I. Small bite size square cut shaped, lightly seasoned, crisp, with a solid homemade taste. If they sold this by the jar, I would definitely buy a few :) Delicious.This restaurant is also very known for their Jjajangmyun. A thick black soybean paste sauce with diced meat (pork) and vegetables (mainly diced onion). Normally, if you ask for Jjajangmyun, the sauce is already pre-made, but you can ask the server to cook the sauce fresh, which is called Gan Jjajang myun. If you like your vegetables cooked well, then order Jjajangmyun. If you like your vegetables semi-raw, then you will enjoy Gan Jjajang myun. I enjoy mine cooked well and so does my Mother. My Father, on the other hand orders the semi-raw. I don't think anybody knows that they can order it this way, so just sharing how my Family and I order our food choices here.The location is somewhat hidden.. it's tucked in a corner nearby 168 market.. in between the Furniture Store and Nelson Barber Shop. Even the name of this restaurant is written in Chinese Characters, so don't look for Shan Dong!! Good service, great meal, and satisfies my cravings for Korean-Chinese cuisine.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,5/29/2012,106,104,8,15,14>There's no way anybody can give this place less than 5 stars. There's nothing like it around here, and thus in that alone, it should receive 5 stars.Walking in, I asked the gentleman at the counter if he had to have a special license for the liquid nitrogen. As if I were an inspector, he pointed out the sticker right above the doorway. I asked another helper, possibly the owner, a friendly lady, what the liquid nitrogen does exactly. She says it just freezes the popcorn, but when the gas evaporates, the popcorn doesn't get soggy because it's not wet. Good to know, because the liquid nitrogen only lasts two to three minutes and I wouldn't want a pile of mush after that!I tried many different samples, but decided to go with the 505, which is the flavor with hash chilies and white chocolate. She told me to be careful since I was going to put that in liquid nitrogen, because the white chocolate could get stuck on my tongue. All the popcorns tasted great, the sizes are flexible for your needs from small to large. Decor is hip and welcoming. I will definitely be back!One last thing, I saw a bunch of stamp cards, and I asked for one. I only spent $4 but she gave me a stamp card anyway. Afterwards, I read the card and realized that it said one stamp for every $10 spent. Free large popcorn of any flavor after nine stamps. She was nice to give me the card instead of telling me to spend more before I could acquire a card. Then the card afterwards is self-explanatory. I will make sure to fill that up!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,5/24/2012,161,172,6,11,8>After two protein shake and a quick workout i came in here without an appetite only to man handle my burger i ordered.  I tried only their Signature Burger without grilled mushroom.  1/2 lb patty with Swiss Cheese, thick cut of Tomatoes, crispy Lettuce, a special sauce, all in a fresh bake gourmet Bun. The special sauce had a interesting taste to it.  I couldn't put my tongue on it, but i also couldn't put down my burger down either.  I came to find out the sauce is whipped of mainly chipotle sauce and pepper.  It was ok.Overall I wasn't wowed but my appetite was fulfilled.  The venue was spotless (including the bathroom), the staff were friendly, and the ingredients they used were very fresh.  It's definitely a good alternative to fast food burger joints.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,5/23/2012,292,759,5,15,11>Being from Texas, it's hard not to think all the donut shops here suck. I guess I'm biased because I prefer meaty things to sugary things, and damnit a donut shop is NOT a donut shop without kolaches. I kind of figured all donut shops had kolaches in them until I moved here and was sadly disappointed over and over again. Thank goodness a REAL donut shop (well real in Texan terms!) has finally opened up in Vegas!!! I'm so glad these guys moved here from Round Rock :)The kolaches were very classic - exactly what I was craving from back home. Yummy sausage, melty cheese, wrapped in perfect delicious dough. They also had jalapeno varieties, and something I'd never seen before - a croissant kolache with bacon! YUM. The donuts themselves were also classic Texan and delicious! They had glazed cinnamon cake donuts (one of my favorites, and one you never see out here!) and tons of yummy bear claws and donut holes. The glazed donut holes were fresh and delicious - far superior to the ones my husband usually gets at Dunkin. Prices were reasonable, staff was friendly, I just wish they were closer (or maybe I don't!). For those of us fat kids that like some meat with our sugar, this place rocks. KD Donuts & Kolaches - you have made this Texan quite happy!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,5/22/2012,664,612,14,16,14>*This is a tribute to Misti Y.*I just HAD to go to Pan Asian before my Texas vacation, so I steered myself here which made me also have to go back to Patisserie Manon and buy every flavor of macaron to take on the plane back to the French mama.The owners of Pan Asian are super sweet.  Chef Lisa has a great name, doesn't she?  I was the only one there, and I told them my friend Misti recommended them so highly that I drove from the other side of town!Some things Chef Lisa and her husband said:"Misti sure has a lot of friends!""Misti just ate here yesterday!"...and when I ordered the massaman curry with fried tofu, "Misti prefers her massaman with steamed tofu."So I smiled and giggled, and enjoyed that Misti is like the fabric of the restaurant (well, there are brick floors but you know what I mean).The massaman was unlike any massaman I ever had.  I am used to thick, dark, and sweet coconut-milk based sauce.  This sauce was savory, almost buttery, and thin.  I am not sure how I feel about the butter instead of the coconut flavor.  However, it was CHOCK full of big chunks of veggies (potatoes, red peppers, green peppers, carrots, onions), crisp peanuts, ripe avocado, and then of course, the tofu.The spice was right on.  I told them I was going to Thailand and Cambodia for my honeymoon and wanted to keep up with the heat.  My nose ran, always a good sign.  Lisa's husband told me he lived in Cambodia, and Lisa told me about her travels in Phuket.  The lunch special came with a canned drink, which I found out after I got Thai iced tea, so I ended up with 2 drinks.  However, I got my can of coke served with a straw, and for anyone who knows I drink soda through a straw, that is pretty cool.I definitely want to come back and try other dishes.  The atmosphere is pretty and clean, the owners warm, the food spicy and tasty.  And even if Misti isn't physically there, she is definitely "there"!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,5/21/2012,299,177,18,39,32>I could tell you all the reasons why you shouldn't go here. But what good of a reviewer would I be if I told the Yelp community to stay away because this place is far too amazing and you're not good enough to take part in it. Every food lover who can appreciate the beauty in a piece of raw fish should have the chance to experience what Kabuto has brought to Las Vegas. But good luck trying, there are only 18 seats in the entire restaurant and once word gets out, it ain't gonna be easy to get in.Kabuto is part of the Mon Restaurant Family (Monta, Goyemon, Sushi Mon) and another development from restaurant stylist Martin Koleff. Martin is a pioneer for authentic Japanese eateries in Las Vegas. And at the sushi bar, I was rubbing elbows with those who were more than familiar with Martin's talents. He even popped in for a brief hello during my meal. I was told the Omakase Course ($80) will not be available until after the grand opening. I went with the Nigiri Course ($48) but you can order a la carte if you wish. I was served a pineapple appertif sake, a small cucumber salad with sea snail, and 10 pieces of the best fish I've ever had. You can state your preferences, but I had the chef choose for me. He was actually quite vocal and very friendly! He was conversational and took the time to explain the origin of each fish. The giant clam and bull eye were a couple of my favorites. And the uni with ikura were to die for. After your 10 pieces are served, you have the option of ordering more nigiri or moving on to your handroll. I ordered an additional saba then finished my meal. If you love mackerel. Order it here. I've now found the best saba in Las Vegas.Dessert is not taken lightly here either.  In a couple of months, a Japanese pastry shop is to join this family of restaurants right next door. You have a few dessert options with the nigiri course--mochi, ice cream, or the strawberry layered crepe I ordered. Before I started eating, the chef busted out his iPhone and showed me a picture of a bunch of rocks. Confused, he explained to me the pastry chef's vision. She created the pink and white layers to resemble the layers of rock and sandstone at Red Rock. It was touching, and very delicious.To be quite honest, I've never been to Japan. My understanding of Japanese tradition is a smattering of information from the internet and my Japanese-immigrant friends. But even I can tell that authenticity and quality are of the utmost importance here. From the food to the decor, Kabuto lives and breathes culture. Its unlike any sushi "joint" you've ever visited in town. I won't discourage you from visiting this magnificent addition to the Las Vegas community. But if you walk in expecting a baked roll with cream cheese, please, turn around and leave those 18 seats for the rest of us.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2011,5/20/2012,400,1236,8,12,10>Starving, tipsy and needing a place to rest my sore tootsies, I headed to Hennessey's with my group last night. In costume, I might add. We located a spot on the patio for the best spot to people watch. Service was friendly, albeit incredibly SLOW given how not so busy the place was. Drink orders were mixed up and our large order of french fries took about 45 minutes to come out. Great location and typically when I come the service is much better, so I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that the Halloween crowd slowed them down a bit. Definitely a good little place to take a seat and rest with a beverage or some pub grub while you're downtown. People watching from the patio is a plus!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,5/19/2012,433,1034,7,12,8>I need to hit the gym more often if I keep going on these plaza food tours. To be fair, I went to the gym, then needed a place to chill until Katrina M. got off of work. I stopped by Big Wong for some appetizers, then we came here for dinner.For the four parties there, there were almost as many servers. That is good, because I like the attentive service. My water glass was consistently full while dirty plates and silverware were exchanged constantly. The prices are mid range, with the most expensive thing costing $24, so the fine dining style of service was nice. I am not sure why it is, but every Asian/Italian fusion restaurant I have came across is fond of cream based sauces. I would have loved to try one of their pasta dishes, but can only stomach so much cream. Instead, we got the Fritto Misto($10.95), because fried foods are infinitely better for you. The dish comes with two skewers of calamari, two pieces of octopus, four shrimp, and four pieces of zucchini that are all lightly coated in panko and fried crisp. They come out hot, so watch your mouth. The marinara is a light and chunky perfection. It also comes with tartar sauce. For our entree, we split the Fresh Oysters and Watercress Risotto($14.95). It is creamy, rich, decadent, and the ratio of oysters to watercress was jaw dropping. The only criticism I have was about the aftertaste. It had a reminisce of mayo that lingered. It was faint enough to overlook. I stopped eating because I was full, not due to the taste. If there was one regret of the night, it was not having room for one of their desserts.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,5/17/2012,328,389,10,23,23>I fell in love with this store and I just have to tell you about it.So I saw Electric Lemonade when I was at First Friday earlier this month.  But at that point I was already in the car and heading home so I made a mental note to check it out next time I was in the neighborhood.  Last night just happened to be that night.I wasn't expecting much when I went in.  I never have luck at vintage stores.  Either I find something I like but it's way overpriced, I find nothing I like (because "vintage" to some stores are clothes from 1996), or the place/clothes are so dirty that I just don't feel like looking around.  Well I'm happy to report that none of these are true at Electric Lemonade.  The store is bright and clean, they have pieces from the 1930's (hair accessories) to the 1980's (Journey tour t-shirts), and the prices are very reasonable for what you get.  Everything I saw here was clean with no holes or stains and it appears that a lot of thought goes into the items they choose to have in their store.You can find pretty much anything your heart desires here, including: bathing suits from the 50's and 60's, 1970's disco wear, purses, boots, and even a rack of more contemporary clothes featuring some independent clothing designers from L.A. and New York.  And don't fret, gentlemen, there is a great selection for you as well.  I saw my husband eying a few concert and sports t-shirts.  I really wanted him to get some super cool cowboy boots that were in his size (and only $50!) but unfortunately I couldn't convince him.  There are a few large, bright changing rooms to try things on.  The girl working when we were in (Employee? Owner?) was really sweet and answered the many questions we had.I am now the proud owner of a rockin' early 80's t-shirt and the coolest dress from the 60's that has roosters on it.  I am beyond stoked on my finds.I would say this place is a must-stop if you are into vintage clothing.  If not, I would still say to check it out if you are in the area or out celebrating First Friday- you might be surprised and find something you really like.  I definitely can't wait to get back over there and see what awesome new (I mean vintage?) pieces I can find!On the southwest corner of Charleston and 3rd Street.  Storefront is facing Charleston.  There are a few parking spots behind the building.*****************Hipster News Update: According to Electric Lemonade's facebook page, Florence + the Machine (not sure if they mean just Florence Welch or her band as well) spent two hours here before their concert at the Cosmo. Can you tell I'm jealous I missed seeing her?
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,5/16/2012,464,819,6,15,13>Beer heaven. The pipes along the ceiling leading to the bar may be fake, but there's nothing bogus about the quality of the beer and food. There's no doubt that they take their drink menu seriously. They employ a cicerone (beer version of a sommelier) who has crafted a beer menu second to none. With a good mix of popular craft brews and lesser known ones, there's something for everyone. The menu also includes several barrel aged beer and cask beer. If you're as uninformed as me, take a few moments to chat with the cicerone, Russell Gardner, who will gladly drop some knowledge on you.Make sure you look at the serving size listed in the menu for each beer. I ordered the Uinta Labrynth Black Ale without doing so and ended up with a whole bottle (750ml) all for myself. Not that I minded... it was so good that I didn't want to share. It was a good thing that my wife was willing to drive home.The food here is a perfect match for the beer. It isn't just upscale bar food. The menu is full of unique and thoughtful interpretations of classic comfort food.Appetizers and small bites that our party of four sampled included olives ($6), a selection of three cheeses ($16), and Devils on Horseback ($6), their take on stuffed dates wrapped in bacon. The best app we tried was their Bouchot mussels ($14) which consisted of a dozen or so bivalves in a rich, slightly creamy broth of wit beer and creme fraiche. There was plenty of toast with the dish to sop up every drop. It was so good there was no way we were going to let any go to waste.For the main course the French onion soup ($9) was a hit, as was the Lamb pierogies ($26) -- a creative version of "Shepherd's Pie" with the dumplings resting atop a potato puree and finished with some lamb jus. The short rib ($29) was a hefty portion of tender beef, but I found it to be too fatty and the sauce bordering on gummy. But, the butternut squash puree and onion rings that came with it were amazing.Along with the entrees, we tired the brussel sprouts ($8), which could have cooked a touch longer, and the heirloom beets ($11.50). Even if you hate beets, it's a must! It's the kind of dish that you'll be fighting over. The goat ricotta cheese mouse gave it a sweet taste that was balanced out by the acidity and a touch of bitterness from the other ingredients. The service made the experience even better. The server and cicerone were both charming and knowledgeable and the manager even stopped by to make sure we enjoyed everything. With the success of Holsteins and the Barrymore it's no fluke that Block 16 Hospitality has delivered another hit with Public House. They seem to have a solid understanding of what it takes to have a flourishing restaurant.4.5 Stars
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,5/15/2012,693,1125,8,12,12>My brother from another Asian nation, Andy T. told me about a new Chinese resto that opened up doing a buy one get one free promo so we decided to try it. It's in a older shopping center and inside is quite cute and immaculately clean. While we looked through the menu our server brought us small plates of pickled radish/carrot and crispy wonton strings w/ sweet&sour sauce. We ordered hot tea and they had a choice of jasmine, oolong or the namesake tea- long jin. It was good quality leaves in the tea so it didn't bother us that it is $2.50 a pot instead of free/few cents what Chinatown places charge for the house tea. The menu isn't crazy long, but has a rounded out selection of foods. Portions are pretty generous, prices are about the same as China town area. For food we went with:Singapore Noodles ($10)- pretty good. Decent curry flavor and was generous with toppings of shrimp, chicken and bbq pork. Sweet and Pungent Chicken ($10)- this doesn't pop up on menus in Vegas often so I had to give it a try. It was pretty tasty. Thin sliced and light batter that managed to stay crispy with the sauce. The sauce isn't quite like sweet and sour or quite like orange peel, but a cross between.At the end of the meal, they gave us sliced oranges and fortune cookies. Service was friendly and attentive. I didn't know you had to have some sort of coupon for the buy one get one and when I called to ask if they are still doing it, they said yes until Sept 30th, but no mention of a coupon. However, the server still did the promo since we knew about it.Really, it should be like that since I doubt way in the NW I get a coupon for all the way down in Spring Valley, but since I knew about it through word of mouth, they got business from it. Business that I think will return for sweet and pungent chicken and other offerings. On a side note, they deliver for those in the area. Either through calling them directly it seems or I saw a Roadrunner sticker on their door.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,5/14/2012,208,343,2,10,9>I am by no means a "fine dining" type of person. I don't appreciate small plates of food that cost about 30 dollars a plate and you don't leave full. Chef Marc's is definitely not one of those places where you leave hungry, BUT the quality of the food is top notch as well as the service. I left Chef Marc's full, but maybe we should start back at the beginning. It was a busy Saturday night and they had large parties in so they were unable to accommodate us until 8pm, which was fine since we had a late lunch. Walking inside you realize that its a small, but cozy place. There's an area with couches that you can hang out with your friends and drink wine and eat good food. We were seated right away and Chef Marc came up and introduced himself. He told us about the menu and the specials of the evening. The one that caught my attention was the "boooofalo mozzarella", mussels and the uni fettuccine. They were out of uni so that was a no go. We decided to start with the Buffalo Mozzarella. It was delicious! The mozzarella was unlike any other mozzarella (creamy as Chef Marc had described it). The tomatoes were paired perfectly with the cheese. I'm not a tomato person usually, but these tomatoes were pretty dang awesome. The table next to us had ordered the Antipasto salad, so that sold me too. It was a huge heaping portion of awesomeness. I was already a bit stuffed after all that, but I couldn't resist trying the Veal Loin Strip and the Papperdelle Bolognese. The veal caught my eye, but I should remember from now on that I've never had veal that blew me out of this world. The veal was good and paired with kale, but it definitely was not my favorite. I guess not everything can be my favorite. The Papperdelle Bolognese was my favorite though. YUMMY freshly made pasta with yummy meaty tuscan style sauce. I could eat those noodles over and over again. Yum! Chef Marc came by after our meal and asked us how everything was. Our server (sorry he was overpowered by Chef Marc) was very attentive also. With a meal like this we had to have dessert.....one cannoli please. My fiancé had asked about the rum cake and the server was kind enough to give us a complimentary slice. Cannoli filling was delicious! The shell they don't make in house, I thought it was still delicious, but the fiancé thought it should be a tad bit crispier. Rum cake, maybe not my cup of tea but it was still good. Do I love Chef Marcs? Yes....service was awesome, food was great and I left full. For everything that we ordered plus tip, it was a 100 dollars well spent.  I can't wait to be back and ready to try other things. BTW they can "course" out the pasta and "protein" dish if you decide to go the way we did, so that each person can have their own individual plate.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,5/13/2012,281,230,4,7,7>I popped in here last night with a friend for the "So  You Think You Can DJ" thing.  Overall, I liked it and would come back again.But, let me just say this: THIS IS NOT A DIVE BAR. Stop it.Sorry, but a dive bar is just that -- a dive. This place is not a dive. It's brand new and it's lovely inside. Just because it's dark and occasionally smoky doesn't make it a dive bar.A dive bar usually has 2 or more old guys in hats at one end who haven't moved since 1968. Red vinyl. A jukebox with music older than you on it (and sometimes some new stuff mixed in). There's usually a vague (or not so vague) scent of stale beer, smoke and barmats.A dive doesn't walk around calling itself a dive. It just IS and if it's a good one, it's glorious.That said, while Artifice is dark, like most bars are, it is well-designed, it's got great art and reminds me a lot of the bars I used to go to in Deep Ellum and Expo Park in Dallas. Plenty of room to walk around and very nice ventilation.  The seating was comfortable, the bathroom nice and clean (though they were out of handsoap) and the service was pretty good.  Not 100% amazing awesome, but I was served relatively quickly while my friend was virtually ignored.  But overall, decent.$5 for a just above average vodka tonic -- moderate pour.  $5 for a Tom Collins, a little heavy on the syrup.I'd go again... even if only to play hipster bingo. ;-)
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/12/2012,439,357,1,8,7>As usual, this place serves quality dim-sum and at a great price. Personally, there are only two decent dim sum restaurants in town and this is one. Overall, the food is great, service is on par and the prices fair. Some of my personal favorite dishes include the calamari, shrimp noodle and sesame bun with red bean.... Yumm..... Actually just typing that makes me want to go back. With regards to dim sum, I can only speak with regards to lunch. And yes... I will be back again, again and again. Good times Orchid Garden!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,5/11/2012,390,337,32,28,32>This ranks high on one of the most amazing and unusual culinary adventures that I've ever had.A friend tipped me off that this chicken place was opening this week.  I so wanted to go, but I had another gig, and figured that I'd miss out.  As it so happened, said gig ended just early enough for me to go right before closing, so the missus and I hightailed it to ensure that we got there before closing.Oh yes, there was a line.And so we waited.  And waited.  However, the staff came out and started giving away free cornbread.  I'm... just not a big cornbread fan, but I figured "Why not", and bit into it.o_OIt was amazing.  Super sweet, like cake.  I ate two pieces while the line trudged on.As we got closer to the door, another staff member came out and started handing out copies of Flav's autobiography.  And now I had something to read while waiting.  People said that Flavor Flav himself was in the kitchen cooking, and sure enough, he was.  No clock because of health reasons, but he was hands deep in prepping chicken.  The place is small, and not flashy.  Public Enemy was playing over the speakers, and a few pictures of Flav hanging with other famous folk, but the size and decor were subdued.In between food prep breaks, he came out and talked to people, posing for photos, and signing autographs before rushing back to the food.I placed my order, and waited.  And waited. And waited.Turns out, they simply weren't prepared for the mass onslaught of people at the end, and had to rush like crazy to get everyone's order covered.  The staff looked exhausted having been there all day, but they were nothing but friendly, even tempered, and soldiered on, saying that they are here to be the best.  Flav even came out in between food prep breaks to let people know how genuinely appreciative he was that so many people came out to support him, and just bless everyone.  He's going to make this right.  And that included getting down to the last order perfect.  "If anyone were to get a raw piece of chicken", he said, "you can come up and punch me in the face."It was nearing midnight by the time the final 10 orders were being serviced.  He was dead set on making everything perfect, and thanked us over and over for our patience.  I have never seen someone work so hard in my life.  Forgot the rapping and reality show work.  The man is a juggernaut in the kitchen.  His staff are class and all were working like crazy to get food done, and keep people happy.When I finally got my order, it was past midnight, so I wished him happy birthday.  As I got handed my bag, I called out to him to say thank you for working so hard for us.  I felt it was the least I could do.With that, he stopped, came over to me, and shook my hand profusely, thanking me for coming out, being patient, and bless me for being so supportive.  I've come across of a lot of celebrities, famous people, and well knowns in my time.  Flavor Flav is honestly one of the nicest, most genuine people I've ever met.Past midnight, I finally dragged home, more excited than tired by the wackiness of the adventure, and how fun the whole experience was.  And then I sunk my teeth into the first bite of the chicken.....o_OMy God.... It is, hands down, the best fried chicken that I've had in Las Vegas, if not possibly ever.  It is absolutely, utterly remarkable.  I don't know what Flav puts in that fried chicken skin, but Colonel Sanders deserves a demotion in rank and can kiss Flav's backside, for Sanders or Popeye are no longer the masters.  I devoured chicken like a Mogwai from Gremlins, and even cold the next day, I gnawed on the remaining pieces with glee.  The mac and cheese is excellent.  I even liked the french fries quite a bit.So if there was ever a "bucket list" item that you never knew you had or even wanted, I can now cross off that Flavor Flav personally hand prepped and cooked me one of the best fried chicken meals that I have ever had in my life.You'll need this experience on your bucket list.  You don't know how much you really do.I will heartily go back to this diamond of a chicken place in a microsecond.  I am stunned.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,5/9/2012,76,63,4,9,6>I really enjoy going to Murphy's Law from time to time because this place is such a mixed bag. It's never the same bar or experience twice.Yes...It's an Irish bar...But, it's an Irish bar done with a Vegas twist.It's dark, and has that pub feel, but there's also a wall of tv's and more tv's everwhere you look and in the back corner of the bar there is this make shift VIP lounge with a wrap around leather couch. It is a gaming bar so the machines are lined up around the bar, but there is also a separate dining section for those who have kids or those under 21 who just want to grab some food. They also have a sports betting kiosk on sight, which makes it a great place to go watch a game and place your bet without getting in the lines at the casinos.The service here has always been above and beyond what I'm used to in Vegas, the bartenders are really outgoing here and don't seem as pissed off to be at work as the usual places. Although, they always seem to be understaffed here no matter how many people are there, so on occasion you might have a bit of a wait time on a refill.At the bar they have all of your Irish favorites on tap, and the happy hour special for drinks is great. Buy one get one on all drafts...not just the cheap crap. They have also been running a check in special recently where if you check in while you are there you get a shot of Jameson for $1.OK...so 2 Harp's for $5......Check1 shot of Jameson for $1.....CheckNow I was in need of some food. They have a great happy hour menu and reverse happy hour menu late night.As you look over the menu I have to recommend one thing: THE ROUND REUBEN...What's that you ask...Well, you take the ingredient's of a reuben sandwich then you roll it into 4 or 5 balls, then batter it in the same batter you would do fish and chips, and then you deep fry those little guys and serve them with a side of Thousand Island, (and I always add a side of Buffalo sauce on the side as well as the vinegar helps cut the oily, fatty, fried taste.)If you are thinking to yourself "wow that sounds like a heart attack." You're right...but there are few things on this earth that go better with beer.I've also had their wings, and the fish and chips. I'd give the fish and chips probably 3 stars, but the wings are some of the best i've had anywhere in town.They have a trivia night, a karaoke night (which tends to play more towards the alt rock, metal crowd) and a dozen other random nights, and events.So...unless you are on ANY type of diet...give this place a try, but like I said it's a different bar every time, so who know's what you will walk into
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,5/8/2012,197,99,7,10,9>I've been having crepe cravings lately and this place definitely hit the spot.You walk into a clean,open space and you are greeted by friendly people who are ready to introduce you to the world of Japanese crepes. Unlike the crepes I am used to, this crepe was rolled up into a cone and eaten without utensils.The menu is displayed on tv screens. No paper menus are available. It was explained to me that the reason behind this is because the menu options change to reflect item availability. So you know what you are getting is FRESH.They have numerous tasty combinations with appealing names like Tickle Me Berry and Cookie Monster. And if the specialty crepes don't tickle your fancy, then you can create your own. And all crepe fillings can also be topped onto a waffle.I had the "East Meets West", a crepe filled with red bean paste, condensed milk and mochi bites. I added strawberries, bananas and whipped cream. It was a little too heavy on the red bean paste for my taste, but the fruit was so fresh and delicious.The only thing: I wish this place had savory crepes. But if ever my sweet tooth wants a crepe, this place is where I will go. And the price is right (average $5-7)p.s. To receive discounts and free stuff, text CREPES to 77948
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,5/5/2012,1742,366,6,14,14>Ok so had passed this place previously while they were pretty much under construction. I was thinking oh great another pizza joint set up on a crappy corner.Well I decided to check it out once opened...so here I am after getting a taste of the goods :)First of all the place has a massive menu! I mean MASSIVE in every sense of the word! lolIt was almost impossible to decide on what to try, as I reviewed one item after another, each became more desirable and so on.Decided to do the lunch specials since we were there between 10-3pm why not plus we can try multiple things and not break the bank! lol All lunch specials are $5.We ordered three lunch specials and split them between the two of us.1. small pep pizza, can't go to Happy's pizza and not order a pizza pie!2. Jumbo fried shrimp dinner w/fries and coleslaw3. any 6 inch sub and fries, we tried the Italian which came with a yummy Italian dressing! Mmmmm yum!Three lunch specials at $5x3 plus two drinks our total was change short of a $20!The pizza was good, a nice sweet sauce, fresh, cheesy and the crust was chewy and good.The Italian sub was great, good flavor.The fried shrimp were good, makes for a nice appetizer.They have good french fries, enjoyed them lots.Their coleslaw is different and delicious! I suggest trying it!Next time I will save room for dessert, def want to try their banana pudding!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,5/4/2012,519,1603,7,18,13>This is another great restaurant in Aria.  I have been wanting to try this for two years and I finally went tonight.  I got the 5 course Signature Tasting Menu and it was great excellent!!The bread basket had a pretzel roll, lavosh, and two pieces of Bon Breads batards.  Nice basket selection.Coure 1 - Almas Ara Caviar served on a bed of lemon gelée with some crème fraiche and a sprig of dill.  The gelée filled a hollowed out lemon and the caviar and other things were placed on top of the gelée,Coure 2 - Bacon wrapped shrimp with papaya mustard and cilantro.  Course 3 - Chilean Sea Bass with a miso foam with Yuzu.  Course 4 - 6 ounce Wagyu filet served on a small bed of spinach and with two rounds of parmesan squash.Course 5 - Desert was the JG Candy bar.  The candy bar was a mixture of chocolate crunch with caramel peanuts, some candied popcorn, peanut butter, white chocolate, and an oval of whipped cream.Comments:  I was impressed by the flavor profiles developed in each of the dishes.  The mixture of lemon, dill and caviar was unique and very fresh tasting.  The bacon gave the shrimp and amazing taste and the papaya mustard added an additional layer of flavor.  The spiciness of the foam with the sea bass was another wonderful flavor pairing.  The Wagyu beef was so tender it almost fell apart on its own yet it was cooked black and blue as I asked.  Finally the candy bar had so many flavors and textures and it was really a playful finishing course for this grand meal.I did not get the dipping sauces with my steak, but I didn't request them and I didn't care if I had them or not.  I'm normally a steak purist and like steak as it is without anything but salt.The staff was amazing.  I was served by Team 1.  I had prompt, always attentive service without being annoying.  My iced tea glass was not refilled.  When I neared the end of a glass, a server came by with a fresh glass of iced tea and took the old one.  I didn't need to request a refill--it was just done.  The main server always returned after I had a short time with each course to check if everything was satisfactory.  This is amazing service and the team concept worked just the way they planned.I liked the room a lot.  It's modern, dimly lit but with small spot lights that light each table so you have a super combination of dim lighting but enough light I didn't need the flash when I took my photos.  I also liked the fact that the bar area with its TV was segregated from the dining areas by a sheer curtain that blocked the bar atmosphere which is just fine with me.** Begin Rant:  Guys, this is not a restaurant to wear t-shirts even if they are for Azuza Pacific U.  Dress up a little, please!  And for two other guys, wearing a ball cap at any restaurant during dinner is NEVER correct.  Show some class.  John Deere no less.  ** End Rant.Jean Georges is a restaurant to which I'll return.  Truly 5 stars!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,5/3/2012,216,391,5,8,7>Brasado Chocolates are handcrafted deliciousness!  They might be considered expensive chocolate but they're worth every bite.  The people behind the counter know A LOT about chocolate.  I can't even stump them with chocolate questions if I tried, and I like to quiz people often.  They have different variety of chocolates (also ranging in different percentage of cocoa mass) but my favorite are the truffles.  You can't go wrong with any of them but I have my select favorites.If you plan on coming here I just learned that they have a printable coupon online that you can bring in.  But during our after Christmas shopping, I took my friend here and she was very impressed with it.  We got our chocolates and stopped by the cafe to sit down and snack on chocolate and espresso before continued on with our shopping.More impressive is that this is a local shop, support your local shops!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,5/2/2012,157,244,8,9,9>By far the best Viet place on the SW side of town crushing all the competition on Rainbow.  The biggest downside was the wait but we came in when they were slammed (which is a good sign).  The service was good and the food made up for the wait.I really enjoyed the pho broth.  Many of the other broth's on Spring Mtn aren't memorable or taste extremely watered down but this broth was rich in flavor and had a sweetness to it.  If you find the broth a little sweet, balance it with the siracha or red chili paste.In addition to the pho, we got the standard shrimp spring roll.  They were made fresh and the presentation was probably the best i've ever seen, cut up diagonal and standing up with garnish.The Ca Kho To (Clay pot Fish) had damm good bold flavor.  Portion wise it was smaller than what I'm used to but taste was spot on and ate it all up with the rice.  For those who haven't tried it, there's alot of bones, which is standard for the dish.  Just be careful. I thought it was really good.They serve Bo Luc Lac (shaking beef) and many other Vietnamese traditional favorites. I'll be back for sure...just be a little patient if they're busy.  4.5 stars.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,5/1/2012,191,302,8,11,10>The Skinny: great fried and grilled chicken with awesome unique dipping sauces with some so-so sides(4) Service: even though it's counter service, you get the warm and fuzzies when the owner makes it a point to get to know you (5) Value: a great plate of food (plus fountain drink) for only $5.75 plus get your 10th combo plate for free? - bring it on!(5)Planted in a rather large strip mall, this place is rather inconspicious. Situated next to the Home Depot, there were plenty of people even at 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon waiting for their plate of fried goodness.  And what a plate of battered deliciousness it is!Combo meals ($5.75 each) are easy. Choose your style of chicken (baked, fried or grilled) and your side (grilled veggies, salad, mac 'n cheese, french fries). Each meal comes with two house-made dipping sauces, a drink and garlic bread. We ordered two combo meals - 1 plate of fried chicken with a side of mac 'n cheese, 1 plate of grilled chicken on a bed of salad  and tried 4 different sauces. We also returned for a second run to try their fries and 3 other sauces (neither my hubs or I like Ranch).The grilled chicken was wonderfully succulent, and had a nice flavour and texture - very similar to Korean barbeque. Fried chicken had a perfect consistency - tender and juicy on the inside with a lovely golden crispy panko crust on the outside without being too greasy. It had a perfect ratio of coating to meat and completely satisfied our cravings.The other attraction is the interesting combination of sauces they offered. We tried teriyaki, BFG sauce, buffalo, honey mustard, wasabi cream, sweet thai chili, and bbq sauces. Our favs: the honey mustard had a bit of a nice hint of heat to it( as mustard should) while the sweet thai chili offered a lovely combination of spice and sweetness. My hubby, who loves wasabi, adored the creamy concoction.The reason for the 4 stars is probably the sides. While the salad was wonderful (the veggies were incredibly fresh) and the fries were great, the baked mac 'n cheese was only okay. The cheese sauce, perhaps little too generic tasting for us, but it's prepared well with ample amounts of cheese topping and perfectly cooked macaroni. Definitely comfort food. The garlic bread was flavourful but lack the density of a nice slice of bread.These are really minor quibbles and I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some good eats at a fantastic price. The variety of the menu really makes this place a crowd pleaser especially with the healthier options. This place definitely gives other casual dining places (ahem! the Golden Arches) a run for its money.Finally, the staff made a point to get to know you and make sure you have a good experience. They are more than helpful with making sure you have everything you need (utensils, drinks - you name it). This place has the makings of a great neighbourhood joint and I can't wait to come back here again!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,4/30/2012,44,155,9,13,8>I've just had a flash of horror - HORROR! I've never reviewed Baguette Cafe? But-but-but... it's the best restaurant in Las Vegas! I was there just twice last week!This is the restaurant that made me say, "I've got to go to France." This is the restaurant my sandwich-avoiding husband never says "no" to... and the menu is mostly sandwiches. My fave is the grilled eggplant panini and whatever the daily soup is. (The onion soup - so often made with beef stock elsewhere - is vegetarian here! And the little toasted bread slices they serve with the soup - crunchy and chewy at once? Mmm!) The three-cheese panini is also tasty, which is saying something because I find gorgonzola to be unacceptably strong except in itty-bitty amounts. But this is the sandwich that made me say, "Okay, this is why people like stinky cheeses." (Everything about Baguette Cafe makes me chatty.)The bread.... ahh.... (I'm speechless. Gotta get to France. Gotta get to France.)Oh, and don't miss the cream of carrot soup with coconut milk and fresh ginger. (Which I see, as I type, gets name-checked in other reviews. In what world is carrot soup such a star?! In a world where everything at the Baguette Cafe tastes like sparkling mouth-magic!) Look, I'm not a soup-fiend. I like soup, but I don't take a detour for it, not on a buffet line and not on the road... until Baguette Cafe. I find myself wondering - from my home a mere crow mile away - what the day's soup is and, shazam, next thing you know I'm hanging out by the counter, watching Olivier (the master of the magic), Olivier's mom (so friendly, so skilled), and the ever-enthusiastic Shelby do their thing.And on days when their "thing" includes quiche, my husband does the eye-flutter of bliss. "The best I've had in my life," he says.I'm not sure I'm exaggerating when I say this is the best food in Las Vegas. Yes, it's in a strip mall in an office park. No, it's not fancy inside (but it is very clean, comfortable, with the option outdoor seating). Yes, the menu is mostly soup and sandwich-based (but with smoothies and frou-frou coffee drinks and a case full of delicious, delicious cookies, muffins, and French pastries). No, you can't visit after 5 o'clock (and that's probably why there isn't a line across the parking lot).Heaven knows we have so many wonderful places to eat in this city, but the taste here is really special, bringing a non-stop complexity of "umami" - a word I hate to use (buzzword bingo!), but which perfectly describes the fullness of flavour in every bite of anything you get here.Add a bottle of ginger ale from the "Fresh Ginger" people, a spicy nearly "ginger brew"-type drink where you can see the ginger and sugar sediment at the bottom of the pale liquid, and your lunch will be complete.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,4/29/2012,342,580,5,12,9>This review is based on two visits to Triple George Grill.  Overall, I found this restaurant/bar haunt on the edge of downtown to be an excellent provider of comfort food.  But there were ups and downs.The first occasion followed an enjoyable Las Vegas Yelp Book Club meeting, as I dined with a few fellow Yelpers, including our Community Manager, Misti Y.  We began with very good warm sourdough bread, followed by a nice complimentary relish tray which contained green and black olives, hot red and green peppers, gerkins, and carrot sticks.  On the second occasion I had to ask for a relish tray, but it then quickly arrived. Slightly peppery Calamari was very good dipped in either a mild Marinara Sauce or an excellent Lemon Butter Sauce that was presented on request without extra charge.Excellent baked French Onion Soup was both hot and cheesy.  The Cheese was Swiss, and the crouton bread that broke down quickly in the hot broth.  Only a little patience is required to allow the crouton time to melt.  On the first visit, soup was followed by a very good Caesar Salad with Parmesan splinters and tasty clusters of toasted Romano Cheese.  On the second, an equally fine George's Chopped Salad was served.  This dish featured Iceberg Lettuce, tomatoes, green onion, bacon, bleu cheese crumbles, and ample avocado chunks all tossed in a flavorful Balsamic Vinaigrette dressing.Both entrees I ordered were delicious.  One was Bacon-Wrapped Meatloaf and mashed potatoes, served with excellent Brown Gravy, mushrooms, green beans, carrots, and onions.  To my surprise, I liked this dish even better than I did the Pancetta Wrapped Meatloaf with Mushroom Gravy I had recently enjoyed at Postrio, and later praised.On the second outing, I was presented with a gigantic bowl topped by a thin sheet of crust beneath which lay the other ingredients of an excellent Chicken Pot Pie.  The crust and filling were not connected, but all it took to do so was to break the crust into pieces with a large spoon provided.  Inside the bowl were numerous chunks of white chicken meat, peas, carrots, pearl onions, tender potato chunks, and pieces of Button Mushrooms, all merged with a garlicky Cream Sauce that tasted good but was too peppery to me.  The crust was buttery and no different than a very good doughy top clinging to a traditionally prepared Chicken Pot Pie.  The result was successful, just like the independent-component and memorable Lobster Pot Pie I enjoyed at Michael Mina's Stonehill Tavern inside the St. Regis Hotel in Dana Point, California.  Unfortunately, Diane ordered Chicken Parmesan with specially requested Alfredo Sauce, which was graciously supplied.  But, while the portion of Chicken Parmesan and linguini was immense, the sauce was really thin and insipid.  Hopefully, this was but an infrequent aberration.An excellent homemade and gigantic Chocolate Chip Cookie covered by a scoop of ordered Vanilla Ice Cream was the highlight of the second meal, even better than B.J.'s Pizookie, which I also happen to like.Service on both occasions was friendly and very attentive.  It needed to be, because on the initial encounter, clumsy me overturned my straw-topped glass and spilled the entire contents of an almost fully filled Iced Tea right onto the lap of my Yelp friend Mamie P.  She brushed off this accident very well but I knew that it must have felt like an icy-cold assault, and felt badly about it.  When notified, the restaurant staff immediately charged into action, swiftly cleaning up the mess and providing new napkins, Iced Tea, and a new bread loaf, which also took a light hit from flying brown liquid drops.  The restaurant has a dark woodsy look, and reminded me of San Francisco's Tadich Grill where I liked to dine when I had been able to scrounge up enough money to do so while attending law school in the city.  Papers littered the floor of the men's restroom on one visit to Triple George, but after I alerted my server about this, within one hour the messy restroom had been cleaned up.  I greatly enjoyed both dinners, and intend to return soon to try the Country Fried Steak.4-1/2 stars!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,4/28/2012,190,145,4,10,6>I ABSOLUTELY LOVE FRANKIES! I love the fact that it's a hole in the wall- looks like crap on the outside- YET, walk-in and you'll jump into the 1950's-60 for some retro beach-surf-lovin vibe. The inside is dimly lit- so be careful- not good for blind dates :b It would be great to bring a group of friends but the place is really tiny and theres maybe two  spots available for large groups (6-8)- If it's just you and your hunny or a friend then your good or Take a spot at the bar where you'll find poker machines. This place is just simply interesting- even the restrooms are cool. As for the drinks- I would describe them as a fun, creative, and CHEAP. My fave is the ZOMBIE. What I like the most is ONE DRINK and YOURE GOOD TO GO- I like to think I have a high tolerance for alcohol so if I pay $8 for ONE drink- that not only tastes great AND gets me in the mode- then Mamas happy :DQuick tips: *Bring cash, sometimes their debit machines aren't working. *Choose your server carefully, as the drinks are only as good as the person who makes them- so far the owners (Blond short-white female and Tall lanky white guy-brown hair-sorry don't know their names :b) make the drinks the best- and they're almost always hangin out serving drinks at the bar.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,4/27/2012,143,170,2,10,6>The service was spectacular, the orders came out promptly, the environment was lovely (what a relief it was to be on the strip but not have music blaring), the cocktails were top notch, and the menu was creative.  Sage lacked "5 star" complete excellence due to some dishes lacking a bit of flavor.   Some were amazing, some were good but not great.  My two "must try" dishes were the scallops (oh, drool, I can only dream of replicating that at home), and the heirloom carrot and roasted garlic ravioli (with a generous serving of shaved truffles and chantrelles).  Oh my, that ravioli was decadent and so worth the price!The oysters, beet salad, and tuna sashimi all could have used a little more oomph.  The flavors on the menu looked amazing, but they were all a bit muted.  Especially with small servings fancy-restaurant style, I want every bite to smack me upside the head.  Those at our table also thought the beef tartare and beef belly were just okay.  While they were cooked to perfection, the accompanying flavors should have been a little more intense.Deserts were nice, rich, and complex, with our favorite parts being the salted caramel ice cream that came with the pine nut torte with fresh berries.  I am enamored with the candied pine nuts, need to try that at home, and had to restrain myself from licking the plate clean.  Overall, the experience was very nice, and worth doing once every couple of years.  But, for a meal that approaches $100/person, I want everything to be AMAZING with no dishes that are just "pretty good".
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,4/26/2012,471,470,1,12,6>Don't let the sign outside fool you.  This is Sushi Freak not Brian's Beach Sushi, they just haven't changed the sign outside yet.  Make sure you check-in to the right establishment.I actually wasn't that hungry but it's been a while since I've ate made to order AYCE sushi so why not it was only $26 for dinner. My order was only a small portion of the menu but easily would have cost me more than $26. I had some shrimp tempura, deep fried oysters, octopus nigiri, elephant roll, red bean ice screen, plus whatever else we shared and some specialty items the sushi chef made for us.  Overall the food was very good but because I didn't try more of the menu it's a 4 which is still very good in my book.  Next time I'm coming hungry.Service was excellent, the main reason for the 5 rating.  We came with a party of 7 and Sushi Freak accommodated us very well. There was no wait. They were on the spot with bringing all of our orders out quickly and correct, separating bills and taking our money.  They made specialty items just because and said we didn't have to finish them if we didn't like it.  Don't remember how long we were there but they didn't rush us.  They also treated us like their number ones from when we first arrived till we left, excellent first impression.  Definitely will be back. The dining area is smaller but it doesn't feel crammed.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,4/25/2012,117,14,11,18,14>I'll admit it, I hate giving out 5 stars.  I'm just so stingy, I think 5 out of 5 should be  reserved for near perfection.  I had no choice Baby Stacks.  You left me no out.  5 out of 5 it is.  The people have spoken.  And they said they want red velvet pancakes from Baby Stacks Cafe.  So who am I to argue?  For my first trip to this highly recommended breakfast stop, I got the velvet short-stack along with a side of scrambled eggs and a glass of milk.  Very basic.FOOD:  The short-stack was 3 smaller thick pancakes, which was just right for me to feel full but not disgusted with myself.  I've never had red velvet pancakes, but why haven't I heard of this sooner?!  It's one of the most delicious things on earth.  The perfect sweetness, texture, toppings - man, I just can't do these things justice.  Trust me when I say they are straight from heaven.  SERVICE: The only thing sweeter than my short-stack was my server.  "Yvette" I believe was her name, a young Hawaiian-looking girl with the happiest attitude without a hint of fakeness.  She was smiley, quick to greet and take my order, always asking if there was anything else she could do, checking up on me just right.  And my food came out ridiculously quick.  I was pleasantly impressed!DECOR:  The restaurant is fairly small, but cozy, clean, refreshing, and new in appearance.  You can tell someone took pride in it.  The small bar style seating area was neat.  There was a TV.  Soothing, light, uplifting music.  Very nice colors, plants, decorations, new furniture (tables and booths) and overall just extremely well taken care of.I honestly can't find a single negative thing to say.  It was such a nice breakfast.  They really earned my stingy 5 star rating!  I wish it was next door to my apartment!
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,4/24/2012,41,116,4,13,10>Finally gave this place a try after driving by it numerous times and joked about eating there.  And then it happened. Fat Boy is a tiny little restaurant that is hidden in East Las Vegas. The place seats about 15 people - it definitely has this homey, only-for-locals kind of feel to it. I had a guacamole cheeseburger with fat fries, and the boyfriend had a chicken burrito with chencho fries.  I was half expecting the food to be overrated, but I was amazed at how fresh my burger was!  And how much I love my fries!!! I ADORE FAT FRIES!!!  The fries have these seasonings on them that just make them super yummy!  And they were FAT and huge!  The Chencho fries were covered with a green salsa and onions and cheese; it was yummy enough - a bit fattening though. I have suggested to return to this place numerous times after the first encounter, and that is pretty rare for me.  Enjoy!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,4/23/2012,264,390,7,9,7>Not too shabby!  Great place to bring the kids to. I read reports of several of the Yelpers and figured I had to try it. 1.  Location - Just west of the Chinatown Plaza mall in the next strip mall. Easy parking.2.  Ambiance - WOW Factor.  Outside is decorated in Anime.  Inside it is hard to determine what to look at first. The petite waitresses in anime costume that is really cool, or the decor on the wall and the TV's showing DragonBall Z.  Everything is just right and in really good taste.3.  Service - As mentioned, the ladies are dressed in anime wear.  It is very cool and they are very attentive and timely. With a fairly busy restaurant, about 75% full, we had excellent service. Food comes out quickly.4.  Food We had quite a variety, me, the wife and two of our kids. Shoyu Ramen - Noodles were right texture and taste. Very enjoyable. Lots of pork egg, and other bits combined with the right quantity and not too much fat at all on the pork.  The egg must have been cooked in shoyu as it was a bit dark colored. Nice presentation.  The broth was a bit simple, not too many flavors at all, however, for my kids, this is the preferred method.  We asked for smaller bowls to share so i spiced mine up a bit.Chicken Wings - Really not wings, but seemed to be more like chicken kara-age. The waitress told us it was boneless, and it was, however, perhaps it should be just marketed as fried chicken instead. Overall, nice taste, light, crispy and with two sauces.Sliders - Small little burgers that seemed to be lightly marinated in teriyaki.  The patty is about size of a flattened golf ball with tomato, lettuce on what looks to be a toasted King's Hawaiian Sweet Roll. It is about 3 inches round and about 4 inches tall, nicely kept together with a bamboo type of skewer.  Excellent taste, very light and very cool presentation.  WE had four sliders which was perfect for our family of four. I do not know if it always comes to four per plate or not, so you may want to check.Chicken Teriyaki - We also shared a plate of Chicken Teriyaki and rice. Comes with a heaping scoop of macaroni salad, nice portion of lean chicken lightly covered in teriyaki sauce, two sushi rolls, and rice.  I did not get to notice the type of sushi roll it was, as one of my kids was quick to abscond with them and scarf them down. it was perhaps a california roll with the sesame seed on outside?California Roll - Comes 6 to an order and was very nice. Not too strong on the vinegar taste of the rice. It was pretty good. I am not a huge Western Sushi eater, meaning I eat it when we have it, but will generally order typical Nigiri, Chirashi, or Inari Sushi.  Everyone liked it and it was devoured quickly!Honey Toast Ice Cream - We were not really ready to order any dessert, however, the waitress mentioned it was a real popular dish. This is like french toast with ice Cream drizzled in Honey. It was an odd thing tio think about, yet the presentation was awesome and the taste subtle and flavorfulOverall - To me, in a way, coming here is like a guilty pleasure.  While not the best in any one thing, it is very good in presentation. I believe that Monta has more traditional and flavorful Ramen, however, when you combine pretty good food, with great service, and wonderful decor, it all combines to be a really fun experience.  When I was here, there was a strong overwhelming amount of single men coming here vs. family and couples. Perhaps anime waitresses is the key?  Hmmmm......GK says, go for it!!!!!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,4/22/2012,135,78,5,10,9>I came here during a busy night and I do recommend getting recommendations since this is a place where parties tend to linger and drink.  I had two rolls the Kalbi Beef and Seared Albacore both of which were tasty but the Kalbi won out since it's not often I eat beef in a roll but I think the Kochuchang sauce really pulled it all together.  This place has a full bar and great sake menu.  It has great intimate lighting and can be loud but that helps keeps the conversation intimate and not have to listen to anyone else.  I've had a sit down dinner and spent time at the bar with friends and enjoyed both, if you're in Crystals and want a fun place this is a great stop while window shopping.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,4/21/2012,151,137,4,7,7>They have a truck, they sell cupcakes, the cupcakes are pretty big, and they're fairly cheap.I tried them at SN Truck Stop a few weeks back, while the 2 off the menu I wanted were not there that week, the ones I got were pretty good. In a city full of cupcake shops, I'm shocked they are the first cupcake truck. Will I go out of my way for their cupcakes, probably not, but they're a nice touch for dessert while I'm grabbing some truck eats
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,4/20/2012,264,264,4,17,11>YUM.  I tried arepas for the first time last night, and I'm sold.  These things are amazing.  I was swooning with every bite.I had spoken with the owner earlier in the week and he told me that the arepa dough is made with milk, but that he would be happy to make me a special vegan one if I was willing to wait for it.  Well, Saturday night, drunk and hungry, I was more than willing to wait.  And I am so glad that I did! He made me a gorgeous arepa filled with black beans, and topped with freshly sliced avocado and tomato.  I have not stopped thinking about this food since I finished eating it, and I will definitely be going back soon.The arepa dough was crispy from the grill on the outside (and btw, they cleaned the grill and made mine off to the side of all the other ones!) and almost fluffy on the inside.  The fillings were so fresh and tasty too! Every bite put a smile on my face.  As a regular at Dino's, I am so thrilled to have a late night, vegan friendly food option to help me soak up the booze! And I really appreciate how super friendly and accommodating the folks who run the place were.  My carnivorous friends went crazy over their non-vegan pork arepas too... and in fact everyone I saw get food there seemed pleased.  If you've never tried arepas you have been missing out!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,4/19/2012,146,439,7,12,8>I bookmarked this place even before the POTUS came to town and made it famous.  Thanks to all of the national publicity, I had to wait for the hype and long waits to die down and finally got to try it for dinner last night.  A friend and I showed up around 8:00pm and were told it would be 20 minutes before a table became open--not as bad as I thought it would be.  There are chairs and a couple of patio sofas out front, complete with outdoor heaters, so, between conversation and comfort, the wait for a table passed quickly.  The restaurant was bustling, but our service was on point throughout the meal. We started the meal sharing the Simple Salad with the name saying it all:  nice greens, tomatoes, and a light vinaigrette dressing.  I came for the pizza and ordered a small New York style with mushrooms, while my friend ordered the Brooklyn Chicken.  The pizza yielded about six slices and it was greasier than I've had in a long time, but still delicious!  My friend was not as enthusiastic about his meal, rating it as just "okay."  About half-way through my second slice, I spied the people at the next table going to town on some kind of chocolate dessert.  I haven't had chocolate cake in a long time, so, stricken with food envy, we ended the meal with said chocolate cake and it was DaBombDotCom, garnished with strawberries and whipped cream--definitely a nice ending to a good meal.  I'll be back to try the thick-crust pizza, have more cake, and delight in the fact that Dom DeMarco's can please the palate of the President as well as that of the hoi polloi.  Grazie!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,4/18/2012,172,155,,10,8>I was given a heads up on this new Thai restaurant, and was able to give a try for the first time today!  I have to say, this little Thai restaurant was quite nice.  The location is a bit hard to find.  It is basically underneath Desert Inn (well, kind of North of the bridge, on S Highland).  Although small, the atmosphere was nice.  They put some money into decorating the inside.  The waitstaff was friendly, yet professional which is something I think they hit right on the head.  Overall, while not the best Thai food I have had, it was actually quite impressive!First up was the Crab Rangoon ($6.00).  A guilty pleasure of mine, this is an appetizer I often turn to at a new Thai restaurant.  The wonton shell was perfectly fried, not too crunchy, not too thick.  The inside was more imitation crab than cream, which was nice.  The sweet and sour sauce had a nice little kick to it, and tasted better than average.  Not too sweet, just the way I prefer it.  They provided me with a unique tasting chili paste, which spiced up my sweet and sour sauce a little more.  I quite enjoyed these.For my main course, I ordered the Gang Kua, a red curry dish with duck.  I had it over brown rice, which was very well prepared (nice and fluffy, yum!).  It came with a slice or two of tomato, pineapple, and various herbs and spices.  The heat level was very moderate, so I added more of the chili paste that I was provided.  The duck was the most impressive thing about this dish.  They lightly shredded the duck, and as a result it was very tender and easy to eat.  There was very little gristle, and no bones.  It was a higher quality duck as well (less fat and gristle).  The pineapple was sweet and fresh tasting.  The curry was subtly flavored.  I would say it was a little Americanized, but still was tastier than most red curries in this town.  I would prefer it to be a little stronger in flavor, but I can appreciate the need to cater to a broad audience.  What counts is that the curry was decently unique and very easy to gobble down.  While they cater to the average customer, and there are a lot of Chinese dishes on the menu, the level of food here may be better than most places in this area.  I would recommend giving them a try.  I plan on returning with some friends to try other dishes!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,4/17/2012,821,451,7,23,13>Generous portion, flavorful food, first rate ventilation equipment over the tabletop BBQ grill, newest addition to the Korean restaurant scene in Las Vegas. Owned by one of the nicest and very successful local business owner.Anyway, after watching a great Saints vs. Lions game, I decided I was going to drop by for some pho (saw Lily's quick tip), but saw the grand opening banner for Woonam Jung. (Opened since Thursday, January 5, 2012)Wow, what a pleasant surprise after some many years!  So I had to come check it out, even though I am not that hungry.The hostess showed me to a table in the front of the restaurant.  And I was greeted by probably all of the wait staff, or at least three of them, a few minutes apart ready to take my order (in Korean).I tried a Galbi stew the last time I ate at a Korean restaurant, so I picked something similar to try here.  The Ugeoji Galbitang (Beef Rib Stew w/ Dried Cabbage) was flavorful and not too spicy.  The portion is large, easily sharable with 2 or more friends.  And it was served with steam rice mixed with some purple rice.While I was having my dinner, the owner spoke to my after he was done with a business meeting with a member of the local Chinese newspaper.  I learned that besides the newly opened Woonam Jung Korean Cuisine restaurant, he also owns the Koreantown Plaza, the food courts in Greenland Market, Lee's Travel Agency, as well as, (and you can probably guess if I ask you what other business) Lee's Discount Liquor.Mr. Hae Un Lee, is a first class and all around nice and engaging man, who told me a brief history of how he came to Las Vegas 33 years ago; opened his first Lee's Discount Liquor store 30 years ago and grew it into the massive business empire it is today.  The conversation is like a big cherry to top dessert treat for me.Anyway, I will be back to try the Korean BBQ part of the menu in the next few days.  --Update--Came back for the Korean BBQ. Our group went with the seafood combination, which consisted of lobster tails, giant shrimps, calamari, and scallops.  If it is indeed 1 portion worth, instead of the 2x portion that we suspected it to be, then it is well worth it.The non-prime marinated Galbi was delicious.  The most tender piece of galbi I have ever had the pleasure of eating, and it is thicker than what is typically served at other restaurants or what you can buy from Korean markets.  Service was not as great as my first visit, but they were not slammed by the crowd of CES attendees using up their per diem.  Plus they were just wrapping up their first week of grand opening.  But I will still be back for more of the Galbi and seafood combination.Service:  4.5/5  Very attentive. If you are Asian, you will likely be mistaken for Korean.  But their English is fairly good, so if your Korean conversation skills is nil, you will still get great service.Food:  4.5/5  Definitely going up against the other well-established local Korean restaurants.  The food was tasty and the default spiciness level is very mild, and can be dialed up as requested.Decor/Ambiance:  4.5/5.  Well lit, tastefully decorated.Parking:  5/5  There are a lot of spaces on the side of Koreatown Plaza where Woonam Jung is located (between Pho Saigon and Tiffany's Coffee).I really like this place!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,4/16/2012,146,774,3,4,4>We looked all over the place and still didn't see anything that looked like a pizza place.  We finally had to ask, and I still didn't believe it until I turned the corner and saw the pizza ovens.  The long dark hall, framed on either side with old album covers was a bit nostalgic,  I could see a video game, one of those older arcade types, and a flat screen, but once inside and around the corner, a mall counter and several large pizza's laid before use  to choose our slice, pepperoni with meatball. It was reheated and not bad, it actually retained a good crust, not soggy at all.  We must have been there at just the right time because there wasn't a line, and only three other people around.  I had read there could be a long line and wait A definite must try kind of place.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,4/15/2012,144,333,5,8,7>Come for the whiskey, stay for the food.  [That's pretty much what happened to me.]  We went out for a whiskey tasting and chose Bar + Bistro because they have a decently large collection of whiskeys, scotches and tequilas.  And the place puts together some interesting flights so you can compare the flavors of your favorite whiskey against a few you haven't tried before.Sure, it's not the only bar in Vegas with a lot of whiskey options or the only bar offering flights, but it's one of the few whiskey bars in Vegas that understands the right ambiance for a wine bar/whiskey tasting bar.  [Hint: it's not pumping in club music and ruining the mellow vibe (ahem, Double Helix, looking at your bad choices)].  Nope, Bar + Bistro gets that setting the mood is an important component of a great bar.  The place plays off its prime spot downtown in the center of the Arts District (in the Arts Factory building) and provides heavy wooden tables, soft lighting and comfy booths for people to hang out in and enjoy the space while enjoying the drinks.     After a few drinks, I started thinking food.  Check.  Bar + Bistro offers an excellent tapas menu as well.  We had the carnitas tacos, which were some of the better carnitas I've had in Vegas.  The pork was tender and juicy with excellent seasoning.  They come out on a narrow white plate filled with an accompanying row of color--green tomatillo salsa and yellow mango salsa.  We paired that up with the Little Pollo plate of chicken fingers (breading was crisp and the chicken tender), sliders (overpriced at $5 each, but tasty enough), Tomato soup--which everyone at the table raved about and I just have to pause and note that it must be amazing because, well, it's tomato soup (simple and classic offering) and we were all in love with it.Advance warning: the prices are a little steep for some of the tapas ($7-14), but from what I've experienced, their tapas servings are bigger than most tapas places and the food is so fresh and tasty that it's worth it.  And, well, the couple of times we've been here, the service is slow.  Real slow.  I assume they're working on it, but it takes a long time for everything.  You'll be waiting for drinks and food alike.So if you've got some time and a little coin in your pocket, it's one of the better spaces in Vegas to hang out and have a drink.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,4/14/2012,322,285,5,13,8>A place that wins my mama's heart, wins my heart too. I took my family out to dinner here. I wanted my first time trying it to be an experience I could share with the rest of my family. Because they know I'm a Yelp addict, they were mocking me. Describing the detail of the place, and the food they had. Here's the breakdown.My sister: "I love that the place is so clean, and the interior are so properly put into place. You sure can't miss the games playing on tv here since in every angle you turn, there's a freaking tv."Mom: "Wow. I love this place! Their oysters are ssssooo good. It's big! Usually other places I go their oysters are so small. This one is so big that I can't eat anymore of it."Brother-in-law: "This catfish is good. I taste a light cajun flavor to it, but it's still good!"Me? I had the 1 lb lemon pepper shrimp. I opt for the medium spice which the nice waitress explained would be comparable to a 6 in spice. Did I taste a hint of sweetness in the sauce? I think so..I don't know if it's like some secret bbq sauce, house sauce, or even sugar..but it won my heart. It didn't taste much like lemon pepper, but I didn't mind since the sauce was just awesome either way. Lemon pepper schmemon pepper. Emily was so wonderful She was so patient with us We asked for a lot of small things, and requested a wrong order be changed. She was just so nice to get what we needed. Not a hint of irritation her face! She was always quick and prompt at getting what we requested. Thank you Emily for putting up with us! $2.50 for drinks$9.99 for a lb of shrimp (but varies. it is by market price)$8.99 for 6/raw oysters$8.99 for catfish combo $1.50 extra for the sweet potato option. (Oh! mom LOVED the sweet potatoe. She's a big sweet potatoe fan.)Satisfied customers? Priceless...They also have happy hour! Yay happy hour!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,4/13/2012,92,112,3,9,5>Martini's was closed for a long time.  Not sure if it was because of the recession or some internal issue.  But it had been reopened for at least a month when I checked it out after a late night out.  Was told it is under new management.I only ate there once before the closing and was not impressed.  I ate there last night and loved it.  Whatever the new owners have done is working (except my Arnold Palmer which was way too sweet.  They must have terrible lemonade).1) Martini Sliders - some of the best sliders I've ever had.  High quality bun, a little blue cheese and caramelized onion, and thousand island dressing on the plate so you can put as much as you desire.  Meat was juicy with a nice seared crust on it.  Had that little bit of crispiness I like on a burger.  They seared it like a steak which is how it should be done.  Really just great.2) Chicken wings - served nice and crispy with either ranch or blue cheese dressing.  I got it mild so it was a bit bland.  Next time I'll get it hot.  But it was really well cooked.  Chicken was moist inside and the outside was nice and crispy.  They have the standard happy house menu late at night.  Great prices, great quality, great location, great atmosphere, and great service.Well done Martini.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/12/2012,76,115,7,10,10>When I need a large peanut butter chocolate milkshake, a bowl of mac n' cheese, curly fries, chili and a greasy burger with thick cuts of kielbasa on top, then I go to Star Burgers. Even if I don't need all that, it's obligatory to drop in and order a large peanut butter chocolate milkshake when ever I am within ten miles of the vicinity.Star Burgers is good at being what it is: a greasy burger and fatty milkshake diner in a cozy little town.And they have bathrooms. Out back.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,4/11/2012,358,399,9,7,6>Pre-concert snack with gf a few weeks back.Sat at the bar and tried a few libations along with the burger and the lobster mac.  Saturday night - around 6ish and we're basically the only people there ( one other guy at the bar drinking a diet coke . ) I get the fact that it's early for weekend dinner in Vegas standards but from what i understand, they are trying to get local biz as much, if not more from the tourist/convention folk so i'm concerned - granted they are just getting started but ... well, enough of the negativity.  I like the place, i like the vibe and i hope this place kicks ass.The Drinks ?  damned if i remember what they were but they were stiff and cost about $11 ( give or take a $1 .  Sorry, I know, I'm useless ) The food ?  I like that they went ahead and split the burger and fries for us.  And yes, the burger was perfectly cooked AND salted to my liking and i'm glad they used MAYO and the meat tasted great !  I was kinda surprised the burger only cost $13.50 - much cheaper than Holstein's - i gotta believe it's the same meat but dang, i'd swear the meat tastes better at The Barrymore !The mac and cheese - well, it happened again ! I get sucked into the lobster mac and cheese every time i see it on a menu cause it sounds AWESOME .  But after i start eating it, I bitch about it.  why ?!  Because i feel lobster should either be eaten straight up or with some butter - that's it, that's all .  As much as i liked this mac n cheese, i still feel the lobster gets lost a little and lobster should never get lost ! Service was great, and for sure, i will try again for breakfast and dinner.sorry, thought i took pics but i screwed up - i video'd the food !
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,4/10/2012,83,599,6,11,13>Time for an update!  Since my last review I've been to the sake tasting and had the Kaiseki menu. First, the sake tasting.  This happened back in February.  $45 for AYCE Raku food PLUS all the sake and Sapporo you can drink!  All the tables are reorganized for a cocktail-type service.  The food is freshly cooked and is served at the bar buffet style in the front of the restaurant.  Small servings of tofu, various skewers of meat from the Robata grill, asparagus wrapped in bacon, all the good stuff.  The staff just keeps cooking and bringing food out.  It was from 10pm to 2am, which is not the best time for me, but it was worth it!  Not too crowded.  We made a reservation but they accepted walk-ins too.  People come and go as they please so that helps.  The sake servers are really knowledgeable.  I learned a lot.  I really, really hope they do this again but I have not seen another announcement for this since the last one in February.  Such a good deal and so much fun, too!Second, I had the 15-course Kaiseki menu earlier this month.  This is not for the faint of heart or those who are in a hurry.  It's $150 per person and they need at least 3 days notice.  You need to make a reservation and they take your credit card number because they actually start preparing your meal 3 days in advance!  The website says it takes about 3 hours to complete.  Ours took around 3.5 hours.  It was an awesome experience!  The menu changes each time but here are some of the highlights: homemade tofu served with roe, sashimi, foie gras custard, a sampling of their appetizers including deep fried chicken and crispy asparagus, steak and garlic cooked on a really hot stone, and fluffy cheesecake.  I've downloaded pics if you are interested.  Definitely come hungry.  I didn't eat all day.  There is also a $100 10-course menu.This is my favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  Once I get off my stupid diet, I'm going here.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,4/9/2012,4974,721,37,36,28>#500My wife and I celebrated our 4th wedding anniversary here.  What a dining experience it was!  The complimentary gold MGM limo picking us up right in front of our place was sweet.  You must do this!  We were met by a beautiful hostess straight out of a James Bond film as we rolled up to the Mansion.  An amazing place to check out.  I guess this is what playing $25k a hand in blackjack gets you.  We had all intentions of getting the 16 course dinner but realized there was no chance whatsoever of my very petite sized wife having even a hail mary's shot at finishing.  She might've reached course 10 at best.  No problem!  Let's just fill up on champagne and do four courses.There are so many extremely detailed reviews for this restaurant.  Read all of them!  I'm only going to do notes and observations:- Is it possible to be too fancy?  This comes close. I love fine dining as much as the next fat Asian with glasses but the word "stuffy" came to mind.  Maybe my suit was too tight.  - The man, the myth, the legend was there.  Right before our appetizers (ah-hem! Une Entree) came out I heard a "Bon Soir!" from behind me and there he was in the flesh!  Joel Robuchon!!  He shook our hands.  Joel stops by the restaurant 4 times a year according to the staff and he said we were lucky to see him.  I should've asked Mr. Robuchon to sign one of the rolls from the ridiculously amazing bread cart.- The lobster salad with fruit was orgasmic.  - Whoever invented foie gras should go down in history as one of the greatest people ever.- Veal cheek kind of tasted like if a chicken thigh had sex with filet mignon.  I savored every little bite.  I believe the neighboring table shot me a look after I said this out loud to my wife.  Whatever.  More champagne please!!- They served us an extra dessert to celebrate the occasion.  It was the white and yellow meringue fruit pie cake I took a picture of.  I forgot what they said it was called. Blame it on the ah ah-ah-ah-ah ah-alcohol.  Tremendous stuff!  We ordered 2 more dessert dishes and THEN the dessert cart came out.  Wow!!3 hours later we were stuffed and ready for the limo to take us back.  A fantastic gourmet experience I would recommend to anyone.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,4/8/2012,88,240,5,6,7>PB & J BRIOCHE - YEAH BABY.....The Brioche seemed to be peanut butter bread (not too strong at all - just enough peanut butter taste) filled with fresh just sweet enough blueberry jam that had whole blueberries still intact and not all smooshed up. The bread was so soft and umm, whats the word - LOVELY!!!!We walked in at about 8:00am on a Saturday morning and not much was in the display cases. I was disappointed not to see a good selection  to choose from. However, the nice young lady working behind the counter was very apologetic to the fact that not much was ready yet and she gave us Chocolate Chip and Oatmeal cookies for free....and as we were walking out the Rasin Bagels were ready so she gave us one for the road to try. Very nice - THANKS!!!!Because she did that it gave us the opportunity to try the yummiest chocolate chip and oatmeal cookies that we've eaten in a long time....Seriously, go try these cookies- chewy yummy feel good in your tummy cookies. I'm such a rapper..... Bread and Butter Boyeeeee- (Oh Goodness, I'll just stick to reviews...)The Oatmeal cookie and th Raisin Bagel had all kinds of raisins in it that added a whole other element to the cookie and bagel....The location is close to home, basic , clean and has a good enough seating area. I will be going back to try other stuff -  The Pineapple Tart and I were secretly flirting with one another so I'll have to go back and see if that relationship is worth pursuing/eating.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,4/7/2012,202,146,9,8,9>Years ago I moved into china town..well actually I moved into an old neighborhood in Las Vegas area that slowly became china town. (I was here first!) I saw the whole transformation, I saw my favorite video store and other favorite places turn into massage parlors. but before all that, when I first moved into the area while exploring the neighborhood I walked from my house to spring mountain and ran into this little place called Mario's hair salon at 4490 spring mountain, decided to give them my business and got a haircut.....and this is where the story begins.  I had the worst haircut of my life at This place! and I was so upset and pissed off that in a moment of rage I cursed the place!  Mario went out of business and so did all the business that followed him after that. I've seen restaurants in this locale come and go and even though I never tried any of the previous restaurants I think is time for me to finally return to the place of occurrence, besides what's the worst they could do? ruin my lunch? They can't ruin my hair anymore, not even Mario, most of it is gone! so after all this years, I walked into the place again...   I didn't know how big Ramen is in japan, I always considered Ramen as fast junk food, or something you would eat when broke but with all this ramen places popping up in Chinatown I decided to venture outside my world of instant ramen noodles and try the real thing, so I followed the wave of fellow yelpers to Ramen Sora to see for myself what is the big deal with this place. Ramen Sora brings the traditions and recipes of Sapporo Japan, they take their ramen very seriously making the stock by boiling bones for almost a day. ( not the three minute wait that I was used to.) the decor is minimalist but functional since the place is kind of small every square inch is taken advantage of, atmosphere is very relaxing and you feel like you are seating with the rest of the other customers because everyone is so close but do not worry enjoy your ramen and slurp freely! ( my neighbor did) The always smiling waitress Taeko, recommended me the shio ramen which ended up being surprisingly good, it was light and not too fatty, although I wish they had seafood ramen but hopefully in the future they'll expand the menu to more choices. They will also be serving alcohol in the near future, and I can attest to that since I was in the same hearing (for a different matter) when the owner asked for permission in front of the board, and it was approved!I'm glad Ramen Sora is the new resident of 4490 spring mountain, I was always afraid another massage place would take over like all my other favorite places in the area. I really liked the food and the service and I believe this place will be here for years to come. For my part, the curse has been lifted, good luck Ramen Sora!  and thank you for the happy ending!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2011,4/6/2012,224,164,3,6,3>Affordable food that doesn't come from the deep fryer or corn-filled patties? Awesome.I am glad BeeGee opened up in my neighborhood because mainly I was tired of the lack of healthy affordable options around the Spring Valley area. What I enjoy most about the yakitori (skewers) at BeeGee is that the meat is actually decent quality and lots of TLC was put into making each skewer. They're closed on Monday, but must be because they're preparing for the week. I know because I tried to go on a Monday, but the door was locked and they were busy prepping. The great variety of different skewers such as chicken breast, gizzard, heart, squid, scallop, and beef for example combined with the smokey flavor from their unique (charcoal!) grill that is supposedly hand crafted from Japan makes BeeGee a winner. Best deal has to be the 6 pick your own sampler. Reason is that you can have anything! Some skewers like the scallops cost $2 something already. Plus you get a discount on their many drinks. The adjusted price is $2.25 from $2.85 I believe. The drinks now come in the trendy JUMBO cups that don't really fit in your cup holder lol. My favorite would have to be the honey green tea citrus and the mango yoyo. Yoyo drinks are yogurt based, kind of taste like Yakult (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ya). Don't worry my non-meat eating friends they also have veggie options for your tasting.Aside from the yakitori, they also offer udon, sukiyaki, sizzling plates, and... dun dun dun.. teriyaki bowls. Their teriyaki bowl comes in a good meat to vegetable to rice ratio that would make an excellent substitute for that weak salad you could eat at Quizno's. Lastly, its quality over quantity over here, so if you're a big eater that is starving, I wouldn't suggest it if you're on a budget.  Note: Wait time is longer than most traditional restaurants, mostly because it takes lots of love to make the skewers nicely cooked :). So if its for lunch that you're picking up.. call ahead!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,4/5/2012,110,151,5,7,8>What a fun little shop!Me and my 6 year old son have a ritual of hitting the comic book shop next door and then getting a root beer here.  It's our "Happy Hour".  I love the nostalgia of this little soda and candy shop.  Takes me back to the penny candy store we used to visit when I was a kid.aGreat selection of just about every soda you had when you were a kid in some other part of the country.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/4/2012,142,120,4,6,5>I have dreams about these homemade potato chips, no lie. Went here after I was starvation central at the Yelp event. The staff was very courteous after I mentioned my dietary restrictions, and whipped up a veggie burrito for me with a side of the potato chips. SO yummy! Tons of veggies, rice with balsamic vinaigrette. The dip bar is really awesome and everything was just like the name - fresh. You get a really big portion for the price; I'm amazed since it is inside a casino. Great food, great prices, fantastic customer service. Whenever I'm in Planet Hollywood I will try and make sure to stop for a bite!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,4/3/2012,364,129,7,12,9>KIM-CHEE FRIED RICE! Only ayce sushi spot I know that has it on there menu, which keeps me coming back all the effin time! Its rice fried with Kim-chee, cut pieces of spam, and an over easy egg on top! So delish! Theres a lot of good selection of specialty rolls with funny ass names ie. "who is my dad."  Skewered bacon wrapped scallops is yum! However, there are certain items that limit one order per person just like the skewers.My all time top orders are: Kim Chee fried rice, Pot stickers (fyi it's not called Gyoza. I keep saying "Gyoza" and they look at me like ?!), and last "Spicy Tuna Handroll" shit is bomb. com!What's cool about Sushi Kaya is they do half rolls which comes in 4pcs vs a full roll  that is 8 pcs, so that way you can try the rolls without having the feeling of "fcuk why did I order so much!" haha. And the prices is cheap! Compared to most sushi spots that charges $25+tax. Sushi Kaya lunch cost is $19.99 (until 4pm) and then $22.95 (4pm till late). Plus, they do stamp cards (think the 10th one is free). I don't care what anyone else thinks about sushi kaya. I'm a huge fan! Quality of food is great, fish is fresh!, and customer service is fine. Love coming here and telling all my friends about it.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,4/2/2012,211,267,1,18,6>The red stationary truck in the Lee's parking lot has gotten a makeover, a new owner, and now serves delicious "trailer made pocket pies". I picked up a Panzarotti (pepperoni, mozzarella, and tomato) and a Southwest (chipotle chicken, green chili, corn, black beans and cheese) and both were still piping hot when we got home.  It was a little greasy, but what do you expect from some fried dough goodness. The fillings were plenty and the dipping sauces were the perfect compliment.  I actually found myself saying "Mmmmmm" after my first bite. And the second.  And the third.  I also ordered the bacon wrapped dates and they were the perfect combo of sweet and salty.  The blue cheese crumbles also had me begging for more.  I'm so glad it is in my neighborhood because you can bet I will be back again to not only get my fix of bacon wrapped dates, but to try the other delicious dough creations. They are also wallet friendly- only $5 per pocket pie.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,4/1/2012,102,146,7,8,6>The recent renovation has put a fresh, modern face on the nearly-iconic domed dining space at The Plaza. The one overlooking Fremont Street in fabulous downtown Las Vegas. Take the escalator to the 2nd floor and you will see Oscar's Beef, Booze, and Broads steakhouse.Service was friendly, informed, and efficient. Food was quite wonderful. Being locals, we were delighted to see a Las Vegas legend on the menu ... Alpine Village's Chicken Noodle Soup. Not your typical chicken noodle soup, but so savory and satisfying!  Now I do recall the Alpine Village restaurant, but never enjoyed their chicken noodle soup, so I am not sure how Oscars' version compares. I hope a Yelper who has first hand knowledge will share their "soupinion".We had a window table, close to the center of the dome, with a fun and entertaining view of the people parade on Fremont street below. Our entrées, the Halibut Special and Bone-In Prime Rib, were fabulous! Halibut was perfectly cooked, and the prime rib was ginormous, medium well, and still tender. Oscar's horsey sauce is top-notch as well; perfectly balanced to our taste. We ordered the creamed spinach and mac and cheese for sides. Both were good, albeit slightly under-seasoned, but adding a little salt/pepper was an easy fix.Splurging for dessert, I chose the Creme Brulee, and he had the Tiramisu (both made in-house). I actually thought I was full after dinner, but somehow that magical creme brulee vanished mysteriously into my mouth within seconds. It was crazy good!  The tiramisu was yummy too, but the CB still makes my mouth water.Not so crazy about the "broads" aspect ... Nice enough ladies, but the whole bit felt kind of like being visited by an annoying mariachi band with tits. I am not sure I would want to wander a room full of strangers, wearing an evening dress, like a puppy begging for attention, making small talk and then expecting the strangers to pay for that privilege. Awkwaaaard! Overall, a fun and enjoyable dining experience, and the bar appeared to be hoppin' as well. We also thought that the cool smoking lounge outside the restaurant/cocktail lounge was a nice touch, appreciated, and thoroughly enjoyed.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,3/31/2012,1362,984,5,20,14>Hand-pulled noodles...enough said!No, seriously...they are the star of Beijing Noodle Cafe and it would be a crime if you didn't order them.My trusty Yelp app reminded me I was in the neighborhood and not only did we recently read about this restaurant in the local paper, but Paul Y. was raving about place to the Husband.  As soon as I checked in, I realized fellow yelper Andy T. was just here and he quickly sent us a message telling us what we had to order!  Located in a strip mall, this hole in the wall mom and pop restaurant is quaint and simply decorated with pictures of the menu items and hanging red lanterns.  Of course, the very clean fish tank is something you can't miss when you walk in.We were given a lunch menu - on one side featured lunch specials, but the other side was where the specialty noodles were offered.  We shared:* Lan Zhou Beef Noodle Soup ($6.95) - Hand pulled noodles in a very light aromatic broth with wood ear mushrooms and sliced beef.  It was very flavorful and we were quite impressed.* Szechuan Eggplant with Noodles ($6.95) - Hand pulled noodles with a stir-fry of eggplant, tomatoes and garlic sitting on top.  Again, very good and quite rich.  Although both dishes had the same noodles, they were showcased quite differently in broth versus sauce.  Once you eat a freshly made noodle, it's hard to want anything else.While we waited for our order, we inquired about when the demonstration for noodle pulling takes place.  The waiter told us that the chef was out, but usually during the evenings.  The chef came in a few minutes later and he started making our noodles.  It was quite impressive and definitely entertaining.  At that point, the female owner explained more about the different sizes of noodles offered (small, medium or large - although she recommends medium), and that they the hand cut noodles into water as well.  (If you've seen Bizarre Foods, you know what I'm talking about here!)  She also mentioned their appetizer dumplings as being made to order.  We initially thought they weren't offered at lunch because it wasn't on the lunch menu we were given and per another yelper's review.  On the contrary, it IS available!  Sweet!  So we added:* Pork Wonton in Red Chili Sauce ($4.95) - Twelve little handmade morsels sitting in a deadly chili oil sauce.  They were fresh and light, and not your average wonton.* Pork and Chives Potstickers ($4.95) - They came in a set of six that were pan fried and just filled to the brim with pork and chives.  It also came with a dipping sauce, and you can really tell the freshness of this potsticker.  They told us it takes 8 minutes for them to make it, but I think it took less.We're loving Beijing Noodle Cafe and we think you will too!  Be sure to ask the friendly lady owner for suggestions because she is more than helpful and willing to please.  You'll find out taking out-of-towners here for sure!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,3/30/2012,816,286,23,20,10>This place is a worthy air-conditioned alternative to going to the movies or to a museum. It's like a museum in itself -- food from every imaginable corner of the Earth. They have a Russian aisle...a Serbo-Croatian aisle...a Macedonian aisle...even a Zimbabwean aisle (well, maybe not...but seriously, just about every country on Earth is represented here).Half this huuuuge store is dedicated to the various Asian countries, but the other half is split between all the weird, funky, former Eastern Bloc and various other European countries. SO MUCH FUN to just walk up and down the aisles looking at stuff. Dutch mayonnaise! Greek olives! German wieners! Baked beans from Merry Olde England!If you're even remotely adventurous, try buying some weird shit and then having a picnic! One time I went and bought the awesomely-named Barpy! chocolate spread, some delicious Bulgarian feta and some super-nommy Romanian sausage. Another time, I was on an alcohol-only diet, so I just bought mixers: some freaky English soft drink made from Dandelion and Burdock juice (?!?!), and a bottle of mysterious Russian liquid simply labeled "COK." This latter was purchased for its obvious Beavis & Butt-head value, but ended up being just birch water (whatever that is!)...either way, both were excellent mixed with vodka!Live a little...try this place instead of dumb-ass Vons next time!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,3/28/2012,1407,1189,9,13,11>MISION: TO FIND THE TASTIEST TACOS ON LAS VEGAS STREETSWHO: STREET VENDORS AROUND LAS VEGAS (Brick and Mortars like Los Tacos and El Gordo DON'T COUNT)Our second stop, this stand is located across Playas de Cancun Restaurant on Thu-Sun, 3pm-1am(2am if busy)Tacos are $1.50 each (Ko Mex size) and they have the following: Asada, Al Pastor, Lengua(Tongue), and Tripas((Intestine)we tried ech one and they were pretty good. Street Vendors always have other special items with funny names.We also tried a Vanpirito, basically tortillas are toasted(Tostada), and topped with cheese and your choice of meat for $2.00 we got ours with Carne AsadaStreet vendors usually have their own condiment bar, so when you go to any vendor, the ordering is simple:What you want, How Many, and the kind of meat, and you finish it on your own however you choose.Overall, pretty solid tacos and we'll definitely return!PROS:Quick, efficient serviceOpen late, Thu-Sun 3pm-2amSolid TacosCONS:No Al Pastor CarouselTacos can be a little greasy for some**RECOMMENDATIONS**The Lengua and Tripas are worth a try, and the Vanpiritos are pretty good too....ALOHA!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(166/635) "Street Taco Scramble-Part 2")
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,3/26/2012,194,164,5,9,8>China Gourmet has quickly become my go-to fast food Chinese eatery.  It's conveniently located down the street from my house and next to Food 4 Less so I can go and grab a few groceries on the way home as well.  I came here on a whim one day because I saw one of their fliers in between all the other junk mail and ads.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and the quick service!  Granted, the first time I visited was the same week that they opened so it wasn't too busy and they managed to hook about one or two other people to try their food while I was there but I tend to believe it's still somewhat of a secret.  The first time here I opted for the Black Bean Shrimp plate and it was actually pretty killer (better than most of the Chinese eats in my area but I dare not mention any names haha).  The second time around I ordered the Salt and Pepper Shrimp and was appeased again.  Both times my food came with Egg Drop Soup, Wonton Crackers, and a couple of Egg Rolls.  Plus, they give you a whole plate (yes a whole regular sized plate) of just rice!  So awesome!  I left both times happy and full.  The price was actually pretty good as well and they also offer lunch specials for the run-and-go cheap eats peeps out there.  I will definitely come back to visit again and I hope the quality of the food doesn't diminish in the future and end up another one of those "fast food" joints that fade into the background.Yum!  See ya soon, China Gourmet!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2011,3/25/2012,105,209,3,11,5>As one of a handful of Peruvian(-ish) restaurants in Las Vegas, this place was a semi-favorite of mine when I worked in the area. Now that I work and live further away, I come out here sparingly.You see, I'm Peruvian. I mean, I was born there, but  was raised here. So my concept of Peruvian food has always been stuff that my mom cooked growing up. But one of the things my parents never cooked and we only had in restaurants was "pollo a la brasa" (rotisserie chicken) made the Peruvian way. So whenever my parents had a craving for this, they loaded us kiddos in the car and off we went to get pollo. I haven't been a kid for quite some time, but you'd be a fool if you thought I didn't get in my parents' car when I found out they were on their way to the Peruvian restaurant. They go for the chicken, which they think is the bees knees, I go for the Peruvian ceviche. You should also know that Peruvian ceviche is different than the Mexican variety. And I might be biased but I'm pretty sure the Peruvian version is better. Anyway. The food here is ok. It's not at all something to scream about, though it is better than other Peruvian restaurants I've been to. The portions always seemed smallish to me, too. The service is ok, though I swear the guy who works there is ALWAYS there. I've gone on in different days/times and he's ALWAYS there!The prices are fair for Peruvian cuisine, specially if you're just in to get chicken and fries and salad. If you upgrade to ceviche or lomo saltado (which is almost Peru's national dish) you'll be more in the Tony Roma's price range than the Applebee's range. Will I return here? Yes. There are just too few Peruvian options to consider not coming here.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,3/24/2012,148,168,12,10,9>Don't judge me.I must confess, I thought the cupcake rage was a fad that would fade quickly.  No, strike that; I WANTED the fad the fade quickly.  Most places I tried seemed too focused on making their frosting taste good and not enough on making the cupcake moist and tasty to stand in its own.  In fact, some places had more frosting than cupcake (*cough*Tammie Coe*cough*)!Bring it back over a year ago and I walked into Caked to try their wares.  Frankly, I was not impressed.  It was ok, but Duncan Heins made better.  Flash forward to last week.  Coming out of Sushi Mon I was hungry for desert (AYCE just isn't the same anymore when it's not AYCE desert...but that's a discussion for another review).  Anyway, we strolled on over to Caked and I was only going to grab one cupcake (I need to watch my figure).  But the smell of sweet treats called to me and my eyes started to get bigger as I looked longingly into the display case.  EYES = O.O     stomach = oEach was $2.75:   Red Velvet (x2) - probably my least favorite.  The frosting was light and tasty, but the cupcake left me wanting a bit more flavor.  Not sure whether the frosting just outshone the cupcake or if the cupcake didn't have much flavor.  I'll be back to try again.  :)     Carrot cake (x2) - Definitely my family's (and mine) favorite.  REALLY moist and tasty cake.  The frosting was just right: not too heavy and thick like most actual cakes have.     DQ (x2) - Basically a chocolate cupcake with vanilla frosting, which is dipped in a chocolate shell like Dairy Queen (hence the name, duh).  Wasn't sure about this one because it seemed so plain, but it had sprinkles to please the kids so we got it.  This ended up being really flavorful.  The cupcake was really moist and chocolatey, but not so rich that you needed to wash every bite down with milk.  The frosting was a bit hard and too sweet for my tastebuds, but the fam didn't seem to mind at all.   Vanilla - hey, don't judge...it was a request by my daughter.  As usual, I didn't get a bite.  My girl ate it all up (frosting first, of course).   Mocha (x2) - my pick at the shop and one I will have to be back for.  Had a light, but distinct mocha flavor (duh, right?).  I could honestly do without the frosting because the cupcake could hold it's own.  After pigging out at Sushi Mon and stuffing our faces with cupcakes, we had one leftover DQ that sat in the fridge for 2 days.  Not sure if my wife was hiding it from me...  Anyway, upon discovery by me, I promptly ran to a dark corner of the house and ate it.  To my surprise, it was no less tasty or moist than on that first day.  If that's not a testament, I don't know what is.  I ordered 9, but if I had known the would keep well, I would have gotten a dozen.  I'm really glad I gave this shop another shot - my original judgement was premature.  Not only did it change my mind about the place, it changed my opinion of cupcakes, in general.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2012,3/23/2012,563,825,6,17,16>I was lucky enough to play the part of a sponge tonight. The Philharmonic Orchestra wanted bums in seats in order to help soak up some sound. I guess the opportunity was two-fold--we got to watch a rehearsal, which is typically closed to the public, and we were among the first people to hear live music in Reynolds Hall. Being a rehearsal, they stopped a lot, but they were terrific nonetheless and their guest pianist was outstanding.But let's get to The Smith Center itself. That place has been on everyone's radar for much of the past year. I sure hope it becomes a smash hit because the building is damn impressive. The Grand Lobby is elegant and the decor is completely unlike what you'd expect to find in the downtown Las Vegas area.They wouldn't let us take photos tonight, but if you go to The Smith Center's web site, you can see renderings of Reynolds Hall. And honestly, the space looks almost exactly like that. They really did a fantastic job of bringing this idea to life. I had to spend a few minutes just admiring all of the work that went into the construction.The Smith Center has its skeptics, but I'm definitely a believer. Initially, I was really just waiting for Wicked tickets to go on sale. Now that I've seen the place, I may have to find an excuse to go watch something--anything--when it finally opens next month.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,3/22/2012,408,99,8,5,7>There's a rumor that you can ONLY get legit Mexican food closer to San Diego or ONLY in Mexico. Tacos El Gordo puts this rumor six feet under with it's authentic Mexican flavor and great customer appreciation! Advertised as coming straight from Tijuana, it's no wonder that Tacos El Gordo or "The Fat Taco" in English, is a taco above the rest!Upon walking in, the amorous fragrance of the spices grab your nose and the various meats cooking make your mouth water like an infant drooling! Yes, it's just like that! My favorite spectacle of the restaurant is the BBQ spit that holds the fresh al pastor meat (marinated spicy pork)! I suggest the al pastor mula with everything (cilantro, onions, salsa, and avocado salsa) and suadero (marinated beef) tacos with everything! Make sure you don't forget the FREE grilled peppers and green onions at the end of the ordering line :)Grab your limes, pay, and ask the cashier if you'd like some salsa. If you choose to get a fountain drink, I suggest getting a cup full of some refreshing orange bang (whipped orange drink that tastes like an orange creamsicle) and brace yourself for some filling, satisfying, flavor packed, and the most authentic Mexican grub this side of the border! Writing this review triggered my craving so I'm actually on my way to fulfill myself!WARNING: This reviewer and his reviews are not responsible for addictions to great food! You've been warned!You're welcome :)
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,3/21/2012,51,79,3,7,7>Nestled in one of many strip malls found on Durango Drive, Del Mar Cafe is a great little spot for breakfast or lunch. Del Mar Cafe embraces a racetrack theme, most noticeably on their menu. Printed in a newspaper format, many menu items are named after some of the more successful racehorses. I wouldn't have been able to help naming the biscuits and gravy Seabiscuit, but somehow they resisted. The food is great and they also have a full bakery and specialty coffee selection. We had a sample of the banana nut muffins and they were warm and wonderful. I got the banana pancakes. Stacked 3 high, it was more than I could handle but if you're starving, go for it! Fresh bananas on top and some baked into the batter...yum! The good thing about this cafe however is where some specialize in breakfast and lunch is an afterthought, Del Mar Cafe pays attention to both. The lunch choices were just as plentiful as the breakfast, good for those early risers who have friends that want to sleep in. There are lots of TV's to catch up on sports news or current events and seating is comfy and spacious. A great spot for an inexpensive but quality meal! Be sure to grab a frequent diners card too!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,3/20/2012,235,106,,10,10>A new benchmark has been set for pubs in Las Vegas. In my initial review, I praised the amazing service and exceptionally friendly atmosphere of this hidden little gem on the western edge of town, but I also mentioned that the food was nothing to get excited about.Well that has all changed with Sagos new menu. I have two words - GREAT JOB!Moving the menu closer to the restaurants Baja theme, management has introduced a completely new menu filled with some great selections like fish and shrimp tacos, homemade pizza, a delicious chicken avocado sandwich, a new twist on the BLT with a tomato jelly that rocks and much more.If you go, and you will, you have to try the Ceviche - cradled in what looked like a sea-shell shaped crisp flour tortilla, the taste is fabulous and the serving size to price ratio will fill you up but still make you want to order another.Way to go Sagos, you guys have hit all the marks now - great food, great service, great atmosphere. I'll be there - soon.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,3/19/2012,131,324,6,8,4>I've lived in Las Vegas almost 5 years and somehow have avoided the Pho craze until now. I always hear amazing things about it but somehow I never felt compelled enough to drive to a Vietnamese restaurant until a few days ago when I was getting a massage.The waitress/owner was great. She understood that I was a Pho virgin and wanted me to have the best experience possible. I ended up with a combination Pho and was very happy with my choice. I can't truly judge my overall Pho experience because I have nothing to base it on. However, I do know that the Pho broth was incredible and the friendly and attentive service was for sure worth 4 stars. I also added a 3 bean dessert that was as incredible as it was strange in both taste and consistency. I have NO CLUE what I ate.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,3/18/2012,238,333,5,6,6>Cape cod city! Yay!Heather $. And I were ready to get drunk and sloppy, we decided Steiners was a good place to go! Just kidding about the drunk and sloppy part! Lol. Steiners is like 3.6 mins from my place so I was off!We arrived and it was quiet inside, we arrived late so it was nice to not have a crowd and cray crays all over the place. We sat and our bartender asked if we were hungry and took our drink order and gave us menus.I ordered a cape codder and Heather got the special beer. It was nice pay only 4$ for a Smirnoff cape cod, and he made it soooooo yummy! Service was great even though there was only 2 ppl working that night! I will be sure to come back for the eats!
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,3/17/2012,112,191,8,10,8>5 minutes prior to my arrival at The Jungle Zone, I had a pair of pliers attached to the ring in my nose as my husband attempted to take it off for the first time. I don't know. He thought pliers were a good idea. Needless to say, I ran out the door screaming "I'll be right back!" seeking a professional's help to remove it. Now, who doesn't love a head/tattoo/piercing shop that has on The Cooking Channel? That cuts their intimidation factor by about 1/2 and then everybody greets you when you walk in like in Cheers. Okay, not intimidating at all. I told them about needing to replace my ring with a stud and they offered to do the jewelry change for free. It took about 2 minutes and there were no pliers in sight. I just paid for my stud ($3.99) and a tip for the piercer's pro bono work. The owner (I think this is what Eric The Red (Viking) would look like in modern times) is so grateful for people coming in to help his small business. Definitely come check this place out if it fills your niche. The prices are fair and the guys are super friendly.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,3/16/2012,88,90,6,19,12>To many people's surprise, just because I go to the gym six times a week and eat a healthy gluten-free diet does not mean that once in a while I don't crave cakes, muffins, cupcakes and most of all, BREAD. I love food. I MISS lots of food. I HAVE to eat gluten-free in order to avoid the overwhelming and consuming nausea, fatigue and pain I experience after eating something as simple as a piece of regular wheat bread. 10 years ago, bakeries that make gluten-free food may have existed, but everything tasted like a bad Saturday night hangover. However, it is not 10 years ago and now there are places like Beau Monde Bakery that have popped up in Las Vegas and make gluten-free people like myself go BANANAS!I was lucky enough to try three different items from Beau Monde's: Banana Bread, Coffee Cake and one of the most amazing cupcakes I've ever had, gluten or gluten-free. All three were moist, delicious and not overly sweet which made my taste buds full with happiness. The banana bread was subtle, soft and didn't need anything too fancy in around to get such a delicious, full flavor. The coffee cake gave me an overwhelming desire for sipping coffee on my porch while watching the sunrise. P.S. I hate coffee.Oh those cupcakes. I normally do not like chocolate cupcakes, let alone anything with a ton of frosting on top. Too sweet and frosting borders on overpowering the cupcake with a slick sugary coating. Beau Monde's cucpcakes? Perfect. Definitely not too sweet. The cupcake itself did not even taste like it was gluten-free. In fact, none of these items tasted overly gluten-free. Love it. However, the part that made this cupcake heavenly? The FROSTING. I don't like frosting, but Beau Monde's buttercream frosting was perfection. No greasy aftertaste, no powerful sugar shock to the taste buds and it tasted like it was quality, not processed. Top with a single chocolate chip and that cupcake made my month. I cannot wait to eat there again, especially during the holidays when I don't want to bake generic gluten-free mush.All together, Beau Monde's is a solid bakery, and the fact that they are also gluten-free is just like the buttercream frosting on their cupcakes. Perfection.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,3/15/2012,350,281,3,4,8>They have HOMEMADE CHAI TEA... did you hear that? The homemade chai tea is not too spicy and not too sweet, and with soy milk, it was just right. Yum I also love the small mom and pop urban city feel. I feel like this place is somewhere I would go to in SF. The staff are friendly and if you wanted to play board games or pick up a new book to read, this is place is perfectly chill.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,3/14/2012,182,453,1,11,9>Happily, we didn't experience the problems that we did at my birthday dinner here last year, probably because we went on a Tuesday night.  We were seated right at the edge of the lake, with a beautiful view of a full moon and Jupiter (thanks, Android app!).  We shared a bottle of the best Riesling ever, and also a warm spinach salad, with pancetta and a bread crisp spread with goat cheese - yum!Alas, the restaurant was out of the hanger steak that we - and every table around us - wanted to order.  The waiter said they hadn't gotten their meat delivery today as planned.  Instead, I had the Trout, which was served with a topping of crabmeat, haricots verts, and balsamic-soaked shallots.  It had way too much salt for my taste, but I was going to keep it anyway.  Instead, the waiter whisked it away, the owner, Jeff, came over and said that the kitchen would whip up a fresh one, with no salt at all added.  And they did, quickly!  Yes, the fish could have used a touch of salt, but not after I spread out that balsamic drizzle.  It was absolutely delicious.  My husband had the salmon, and it was also terrific.We had ordered - 30 minutes ahead, as required - the house special bread pudding with cinnamon sauce.  Two other tables had birthday celebrants, and they had the usual candle and Happy Birthday jingle sung.  My bread pudding was served sans candle, and no Happy Birthday song.  Instead, the waiter got down on one knee, took my hand, and serenaded me with a very professional rendition of "La Vie en Rose!"  Edith Piaf herself couldn't have done it better.  The icing on the cake, so to speak, was that the house comped my birthday dessert, even after we presented our restaurant.com certificate.  A far cry from last birthday's mess, when all the hassles and waiting produced nothing at all.  All in all, it was a terrific dining experience, a wonderful dinner, and we're not going to wait a whole 'nother year to return.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,3/13/2012,620,206,5,10,8>Piero's is a solid go-to for traditional Italian in Vegas. I like that it's not a chain. It has an old-school feel inside with dark lighting and white tablecloths. The waiters are dressed to the nines and act very formal (in a good way). Here is what we ordered:-glasses of prosecco-proscuitto and melon-"garbage" (Piero's connotation, not mine) caesar salad (meaning it has alot of ingredients in it: avocado, shrimp, etc.)-house salad-fettucine alfredo-veal osso bucco (also comes with a side of fettucine noodles in the osso bucco sauce)Everything was delicious, especially the veal osso bucco. You definitely don't need a knife. Service was spot-on. I knock off one star because the fettucine alfredo, although delicious, comes in a distant second to the fettucine alfredo at Il Mulino in south Florida.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2011,3/12/2012,72,117,1,11,5>**Summary**       - Marinade - All the meats that have marination are well marinated.       - Value - Even though they raised their prices to $18.99 for dinner, they're still below Sura ($22.95) and Honey Pig ($19.99). Plus, they don't restrict what you can get unlike Honey Pig's one short rib order limitation.       - Decor - The place doesn't look as great with their portable A/C units lying around.       - Grill - Don't forget that you can always ask for a new grill when you've burnt yours up.**Price**       - $12.99 Lunch AYCE 11am-3pm Mon-Fri       - $18.99 Dinner/Weekend AYCE 3pm-Midnight Mon-Fri, Sat & Sun**Available**       - Beef Galbi(Short Ribs) (yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh)       - Bulgogi (Marinated Beef)       - Deungshim Gui (Sirloin)       - Chadol Baki (Thinly Sliced Brisket) (yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh)       - Pork Galbi (Pork Ribs) (yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh)       - Samgyeopsal (Unsalted Bacon AKA Pork Belly)       - Spicy Pork Bulgogi (Marinated Pork)       - Decent size assortment of hot foods (yelp.com/biz_photos/07gh)**Recommendations**       - After trying all the other AYCE Korean BBQ places in town, I definitely favor Woo Che over the others. They're cheaper and their meat has more flavor.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,3/11/2012,92,220,9,6,7>Mr. Tofu is the man that keeps me warm throughout the winter  :) I've only tried their sundubu (tofu soup) and the kalbi. The Korean BBQ is similar to most places but what stands out is the tofu soup. They have several combos (meat/seafood, seafood, beef, pork, kimchi) with varying degrees of spiciness from mild to hot. I always order the pork/beef combo, not on the menu but they will make it for you by request.  I've ordered the meat/seafood combo before and the seafood generally becomes overcooked since I take my time to enjoy the soup....and I'm too lazy to peel the shrimp...so I go with the meat option.If I had to make a comparison, Tofu Hut across the tracks is the pimple faced brother while Mr. Tofu is the cute one with the dimples.  When I order the beef sundubu at Tofu Hut, I honestly don't know if it's meat I'm eating....Mr. Tofu on the other hand has identifiable meat and a soft silken tofu in a rich broth that just gives you a warm fuzzy feeling.  The soup consists of mushrooms, onions, scallions, nori flakes, and a cracked egg in a red pepper broth.  The banchan (side dishes...most of which are pickled) go on a rotation...so it is always a surprise as to what you will receive, but don't be shy there are unlimited refills...my personal favorites are the fish cake, candied potato, and bean sprouts.Since Mr.Tofu is a generous man, I'm sure he has enough tofu love to spread to all the ladies....and men out there ;)
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/10/2012,378,248,3,7,6>A clean,well - lit place pho you to enjoy something tasty.  Even though Kung Fu Chef is predominantly a Chinese restaurant, they also serve pho, and do they ever!  The Pho Tai (med-rare thin sliced beef) was maybe the best Pho I've had in the valley.  This bowl of fabulous pho was fragrant, flavorful, and fulfilling.  The Vermicelli had just the right texture and the symphony of "wow that's good," flavors had me excited about my next bite.  The cilantro and onion were what stood out most in the soup, and since I love both of those things, I was very satisfied. The servers were very friendly and happy to answer all of my American questions, usually beginning with "what's this?" Kung Fu Chef is all about good tasting Pho, a diverse selection of Chinese cuisine, great value, and a warm and inviting atmosphere.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,3/8/2012,76,7,43,43,22>Any Asian owned business that has the word "Spa" in its name will raise suspicions of being a "rub and tug."  Being a member of law enforcement,  I have to be extra vigilant about the businesses I patronize.  Imperial Health Spa was recommended to me by several female friends and after some research on Yelp, I felt it was an legitimate spa and made an appointment.The spa layout is pretty simple unless you're gender-confused.  It is located in a two story building and divided into three areas; the top floor is the co-ed area and the bottom is segregated by gender. Before I go any further, I must warn you...  DO NOT go if you are not comfortable with same-sex full frontal nudity.  There will be naked people there and they will walk as if they are strolling in the park.  If you have a hang up about being naked, don't go, because if I catch you checking out my junk, I'm gonna kick your butt--and two naked dudes fighting in a spa is the last thing ANYONE wants to see.When you arrive, you will be checked in by the receptionist, it costs $15 for locals and $20 for non-locals to use the facilities (Mani, Pedi, Facial, Massages, Exfols services are also available at extra cost).  You will be given a set of shorts,  hospital scrubs, 2 towels and a key.  The key is for your locker, the rest, hopefully, are self explanatory.When you walk into the changing area, there will be mini-lockers, those mini-lockers are for your shoes.  You are now faced with a couple of decisions, put your shoes in the mini shoe locker or your key locker; and use the slippers in the mini shoe locker or go bare foot.  You're an adult, figure it out.There will be lockers and the number on your key will correspond to the locker.  Get out of your street clothes,  wrap a towel around yourself, hit the showers.  In the segregated area, there will be:Stand-up ShowersSit-down Asian ShowersHot TubCool TubSalt Steam RoomHerbal Steam RoomDry SaunaSalt Hot SaunaPLEASE SHOWER AFTER YOU VISIT EACH AREA... shower/hot tub/shower/steam room/shower/cave/shower/sauna... and any combination thereof, just shower after each "area."The upstairs is the co-ed area, it consists of a general lounge area with big comfy lazy-boy chairs where you can watch TV and a mini-restaurant that serves basic Korean/Asian food as well as some boba/smoothie drinks.  Upstairs specialty rooms are as follows:Salt Brick Room - A hot room with salt bricksRed Clay Ball Sauna - Think kitty litter, for humans, without the poo.Jade Sauna - Not sure what this room was for and didn't bother to read the sign, just remember it being hotRed Clay Room- It's a red clay igloo... also hot.Cold Room - Basically a walk in freezerMini Gym - I don't exercise, so I avoided this room.  I think there were treadmills and stationary bikes.I got the combo package of "Pure Heaven" which consisted of a Body Scrub, Swedish Massage and Fresh Grated Cucumber Mask (70 minutes, $130).  The scrub was great, left my skin baby soft.  The cucumber mask made me hungry.  The massage was okay.  I took one star away for the fact that I didn't have a choice of getting a female therapist... becuase I got the body scrub, the entire package had to be done by a middle-age Korean man.  I was told that if I wanted a female therapist, I should have separated out the massage and body rub; wherein the exfoliation would be done by a man and the massage portion, a woman.  Fine, next time I know.I did enjoy the Tofu soup at the restaurant ($9.00)... which was prepared by a woman.All in all, it's a pretty good experience, relaxing after having to deal with my crazy mother.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,3/7/2012,100,295,5,8,5>I always walked pass this place and wondered what is going on inside. Last night I finally got to try it out as I was there for the Yelp Holiday Bazaar event. Here I won't review the event but the special turkey sandwich that I ordered. This sandwich was their sandwich of the day or something like that and it was amazing. Sliced turkey breast on top of a brotchen with lettuce, and cheese and some other things that made this one of my favorites. The first thing that came into my mind when I bit into the sandwitch was: where the heck did they find brotchen in Las Vegas????? That is one of the things I miss about Germany and I hope they share their secret brotchen location with me. Anyways, I will be going back there to try more on their menu.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,3/6/2012,163,128,5,8,7>Very weird place for a restaurant in my opinion... ha. Well, at least for now it is. Before I know it, that whole place will probably be filled with businesses. But, for those of you that want to try it.. I know the address says it's on Rainbow - but Rainbow does not go through all the way yet. So, if you're on Blue Diamond, Get onto Buffalo, turn left at Cactus and go all the way down, and you'll see it on your left. I'm not really sure what I was expecting when I walked into the place, but I liked what I saw. The place was decorated with a crap load of Christmas stuff. A little own of miniatures houses and a huge Christmas tree ! I'm not sure how festive the restaurant is on a normal basis, but it looks cute now. I really wanted to try this place for two reasons:1. I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF BREAKFAST FOODS !2. I'm on a mission to find the best Chicken Fried Steak in Vegas. The CFS here was good. Almost comparable to my favorite in Vegas so far [Babycakes]. It was good, very good...[not chewy at all!!] but a little too peppery for my taste [not overpowering or anything]. Now, if you're a person who likes pepper, then you'll probably enjoy this. It's safe to say that this is the 2nd best [at least in my opinion] CFS in Vegas. The portion of the CFS is also quite smaller compared to Babycakes, but still big enough to fill you. The gravy was a very nice. Probably the best gravy I've gotten on any CFS. It was rich, thick, and had bits of sausage throughout it. Very, very good ! I ordered the scrambled eggs with my CFS, as well as the battered potatoes. The scrambled eggs were underwhelming. Well seasoned, but definitely overcooked. Potatoes were good. I'm not a big potato fan at all, but I actually ate quite of few of their potatoes. They were nice and crispy.I'm excited to go back and try the rest of the offerings.  The service could have been better, but it wasn't quite bad enough to knock this review down to four stars.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,3/5/2012,223,135,7,8,6>Looking for a new body or new feet? How about if they just felt new??? Thats how I felt today after my massage. :) I always leave Best Foot Spa feeling my best.UPDATE UPDATE....my review is the same! LOL. I still love this place. The service, the ambiance, the price, the people.....and especially the massage.We always get 90 mins and I still feel like I could go longer. I swear its the fast 90 mins of your life. And do not be fooled by the foot massage sign. You get an entire body massage that will leave you feeling like a brand new rag doll - relaxed all over and feeling great!It is still the BESTEST spa in town. :)
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,3/4/2012,664,612,5,9,8>Robots, mash-ups, funny bathroom signs, and oh yeah - good food and service!My lunch buddy Myke and I decided to go here after a long time absent from lunching near campus.  We used to go to Sushi Boy Desu so we had to finally check out the new spot.  We noticed the same uncomfortable chairs were kept and repainted, but that place had a black and white vibe and the oddly light wood sushi bar remained as a counter spot.I ordered Thai iced tea and Myke had a coke.  The "amuse" was a spicy gingery brown sugar tea in little glasses served via dipping sauce dish.  It was interesting - I have never had an amuse drink!I had the gogi stuffed waffles with eggs over easy and Myke got the shoyu ribs ramen.  I liked the idea of mine (eggs cooked perfectly, and it had scallions!) but I don't usually eat waffles or even pancakes with syrup and butter, but they were poured all over the top of my waffles rather than served on the side (not mentioned on menu).  I think this would have been better just plain with the bulgogi inside and then condiments on the side (there was a side of sweet and sour sauce too but I didn't use it or know what it was for).  I ended up breaking the yolks up, pouring the syrup off my waffles and then dipping them in the eggs.One of the servers brought us togarashi and wasabi lime salt so I sprinkled it on my waffles (I think it was for Myke's ramen).  He was happy with the ramen (served at 165 degrees) but said it was too much food! :)It was definitely a unique experience and we got a punch card for our next visits.  "Hapi" hour is 9-11AM Monday through Thursday, and you can get 20% off your entire check.  The menu is more extensive than the web site indicated so I am intrigued by some of the tapas dishes and will try them eventually!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,3/3/2012,299,177,4,13,8>Monta neighbors Nakamura-Ya, & Raku. With an authentic sushi place to join the strip mall, this is the spot to get some kick-butt Japanese food. Monta is a ramen-specialty restaurant that is not to be skipped!RAMEN: Their menu is small but mighty. What kind of ramen you like? Miso, Shoyu, or Tonkatsu? They come with thin slices of char-siu pork. Ichiza actually has my favorite char-siu.... but Monta's is a solid second. Overall, the ramen here is far superior anyway. There's also a variety of toppings you can add for an additional cost. Generally, I order the same thing every time: Miso Ramen w/ Egg & Nori. YUM! I've sampled every type of soup but Miso is my favorite. The broth is rich & flavorful and I can't find it as good anywhere else.APPETIZERS: If fish eggs are your thing, Monta has the freshest Mentaiko in Las Vegas. Order a Mini Mentaiko Bowl (Rice, Mentaiko, Scallion)--throw some soy sauce & togarashi on it as a delicious starter. Gyoza here are good too but nothing to get excited over.OTHER: There's a board on the wall that has the other entree items. On different occasions I've seen some type of cold noodles, rice bowls, and fried rice. My memory fails to remember the rest but so far none of them interested me enough to try. A client of mine recommended to try the cold noodles.... maybe next time.Come for the Ramen, Stay for the Ramen, Come Back for the Ramen--good eats.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,3/2/2012,606,96,6,11,9>My First Love.... in Food Trucks that is. I remember going to their truck stop during the summertime by Yogurtland and getting a coupon for a free cup off yogurt after you eat their sliders... Great, great marketing strategy ;) The energy they bring when ordering makes all the difference in the experience of their followers. I didn't even know what to expect coming from having a mentality that "Food Trucks" were dirty and the food was considered.. junk. I had an immediate change of heart from my first experience in trying this particular food truck. Fist pumps, the enthusiasm that makes you smile, and of course the sliders and sweet potato fries... I was literally blown the heck away.Now to the goods... These are my usual:The Barby: Love cheddar cheese.. it's melted on top of the thick mini patty with a piece of crisp bacon, tangy bbq sauce. On the bottom layer.. there are some caramelized jalapenos and crispy fried onion strips. The soft fluffy buns with all these elements of deliciousness. makes this my favorite slider...The Yaya: Reminds me of some greek food, but in a slider form. I'm not a huge fan of Feta Cheese, but in this combination.. it works. This slider was somewhat... refreshing to bite into. The fresh lettuce, tomato, red onion, tzatziki, and red wine vinaigrette made it like a healthy treat than anything else. Loved it.The Captain's Order: Another feta cheese version that I did like...  You can't go wrong with sauteed onion and crisp bacon in a slider.. I call this a Classy One. Included balsamic reduction, roma tomato, and arugula. Flavorful and nice bite from the balsamic reduction. The feta cheese in both sliders really give it a lot of character and color to each bite. Enjoyed this one very much.Sweet Potato Fries: Long thin rectangular shaped fries... Absolutely LOVE them. Occasionally I'll try something different... I did like the Pulled Pork. The meat was so tender!!! The spice from the bbq sauce and caramelized jalapenos brighten the whole taste and gave this slider a great kick!!! Ha Yaaaah on that! I did go adventurous one night and ordered their Mystery Slider... which was Da Irish Hash!!!  A WHOLE hash brown, egg, chedda peno, n bacon. As I was eating this slider, half the hash brown fell off and even eating that only was so darn good!! Crisp on the outside, tender in the inside... now that's a great piece of hash! This mystery slider made my night... it was so delicious and hearty. I so needed this from dancing like a maniac at work and let me tell you... I left Very happy!!! Now for dessert.. I did try their Sweet Potato Smores. They bring it out to you like a baked casserole. Melted marshmallows, chocolate syrup, and topped with crumbled graham crackers. Dig in and you'll find yourself lost in sweet ecstasy. So warm and so good. This really is soothing to the soul. Some think soup.. but if you're sick of soup.. think of this dessert! ;)  Service has always been exceptional here... Nick introduced me to Jarritos. Delicious lime flavor that goes well with sliders and fries.. Thanks Nick!!! My girlfriend took me here for my birthday and she was confused at first on why I chose this spot to have a nice birthday dinner. She goes... you sure?!?! There's some nice places in the hotels you know? I told her.. I know, but you asked and this is where I want to go. So we met up here and she was just pleasantly surprised how good this place was. She told me... now I understand why you wanted to come here :D Damn right girl!!! There were times where the server? would attempt to skateboard with my food in his hands... I thought that was quite cute and amusing... until he dropped a few of my sweet potato fries!!! I was like Oh Noooooo!!! AHhhhhh!!! I almost... almost dived down to the ground to catch it in my mouth, but he ran all those fries over... such tragedy of sweet potato fries in my mouth world. One time they even came out dancing to serve our food.. So entertaining! I thought it was the cutest thing :D It's a treasure to have a place like this here in Vegas... One of my loves for life.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,3/1/2012,85,90,7,10,7>Hello, soul food. It has been a while.I've been to M&M a few times before. My most recent visit had to be the most notable of them all. I usually roll with the fried catfish dish (very good), but today, I decided to go for the chicken & waffles (faint-worthy). Here's a rundown of what I have tried:***Chicken & Waffles - By far, my favorite dish here (and my favorite waffles of all time). The waffles have an airy, incredibly fluffy consistency. It is practically melts in your mouth with each bite. I actually have to admit that these even surpass the famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles over in L.A. While the chicken wings themselves, did not wow me as much as the waffles did, they did have a delightful crisp, with a nice touch of seasoning.***Fried catfish - I am a catfish junkie. Suffice to say, M&M does serve up a great plate of catfish. If you're in the mood for crispy, flaky, and well seasoned pieces of fish, you can't go wrong with this order. Note: Half order includes 1 catfish + 2 sides. You may want to go for a full order if your stomach demands it.  I paired my half-order of catfish with fried okra and black eyed peas. Just like they sound, they did my body good.***Cornbread pancakes - These come free to your table as something to munch on while waiting for food. They are usually incredibly fluffy and fall apart with a savory crumble with each bite, but my most recent visit came off a little dry.***Muddy water - Pretty much a drink like an Arnold Palmer. Half iced tea, half lemonade. Their lemonade really does pack a sweet punch, so it does stand out above the usual Arnold Palmer.The wait for the food was a little on the long side. We must have waited 20-30 minutes for our plates to arrive. The friendly staff made sure my coffee mug was never empty. Plus, the cornbread pancakes continuously came to our table to plump us up during the wait.As they say, soul food sticks to your ribs. Over here at M&M Soul Food Cafe, not only did the food stick to my ribs, rear-end, and whatever flab that was hanging off of my body, it did also ingrain itself a spot in my brain as my favorite spot for chicken and waffles.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,2/28/2012,292,759,6,12,13>Phat Phrank's has quickly become my go-to place to tasty Mexican here in Vegas. It's a family owned place where the food is made with a lot of care and I love that! "Phrank" is always around and smiling and his staff will do all that they can to ensure your satisfaction. At this point I've tried quite a few things... my favorites:*Nachos - I'm actually not a nachos person, but his are done the way nachos should be! Tons of delicious shredded pork... an order is definitely a meal for 2 people!*Breakfast Burrito - the best breakfast burrito I've had in Vegas, by far! It comes with eggs, yummy crispy potatoes, cheese, and your choice of meat. He mixes everything to ensure every bite is perfect. When I'm having a bad day, I call ahead and pick one up on my way to work!*Fajitas - I have FINALLY found delicious fajitas in Vegas! I had the chicken ones for lunch today and really enjoyed them. The chicken was shredded (as opposed to the creepy pre-cut strips with faux-grill marks you find at say Chili's) and had 3 colors of peppers and onions mixed in. I'm not usually a fan of chicken, but this had an amazing amount of flavor. *Churros - caramel and chocolate sauce.. mmmmmmmI can also highly recommend their catering services ! "Phrank" helped us pick out a freaking feast for well under $10 a person. We had platters of enchiladas and tacos, guacamole, and ceviche. Everything was delicious and was ready right on time. We picked it up ourselves, but it was well packaged and transport -ready. Overall, don't let the strip mall exterior fool you - this is Mexican (albeit heavily Americanized) at its best ! It's affordable, fast, and delicious. It's basically like  Roberto's that isn't a chain that serves food that tastes good! The only sad thing is they aren't open on weekends...
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,2/27/2012,161,172,5,13,9>Props to Sarah N. for her review otherwise I'd never thought of coming here.  I've been on a Mexican kick lately and i dunno why.  I've had the Chicos tacos twice and they were amazing!  It's like a Taquito in tomato sauce topped with hella cheese, aye carumba!!!!  This stuff was sooo good and at the same time sooo hot that i kept burning my mouth and fingers trying to eat it.  It was frustrating at first, but then i thought to myself, "Challenge accepted!!"   One up yourself and mix in the jalapeno sauce that comes with it.   If you're a big eater i highly suggest you order two singles instead of 1 double because then you'll have enough play room to enhance every bite.  Some people get it with fries to soak up their left over sauce.Also love how their fish tacos (tilapia) has that natural home cooking taste.  A little heavy on that yogurt sauce, but still pretty good.  Everything is made fresh and in-house. Their Tortas w/ Carne Asada was a OK and was the least of my favorite.Cool little spot.  Friendly people here.3.5/5
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,2/26/2012,318,159,5,9,8>Charlie's name is on the saloon, but the kitchen certainly belongs to Carlos! This is American bar fare with a true culinarian touch, including daily specials and a featured soup prepared from fresh ingredients. The night I visited, I enjoyed the best cream of broccoli soup I've ever had in a bar. It was simply prepared, with a brunoise of onions and celery as aromatics, a topping of shredded cheese, and broccoli so fresh I just had to ask if Dana Carvey was in the back choppin' broccoli. Our server was very sweet and thorough in explaining the menu and the nightly specials. My husband initially focussed in on the chicken wings, which have received some praise in the Weekly, but changed his mind for the chicken parmesan, one of the chef's specials. It was served with a side of linguine marinara and sauteed broccoli and carrots. I was happy to see him eat his veggies, a reflection that they were fresh and tasty. For only $8.95, this was an unbeatable deal. My vegetarian chipotle black bean burger with pepper jack cheese was exactly how I like my burgers-- lots of flavor! My meal had just enough grease to remind me that I was eating in a bar. I agree with Jadira that the fries are something special and I couldn't imagine eating here without an order of those amazing battered potatoes. My husband requested a side of ranch for dipping and I was very impressed when they served up a homemade dressing with fresh herbs. That's right, in a bar. Just when I thought we had entered the Twilight Zone, Chef Carlos came to our table to check on our meal and introduce himself. Thanks Chef, I know we'll be back!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/25/2012,205,232,10,12,9>Are you French... no??  THEN SHUT UP!!!  Who remembers that??  Anyway, this has become a spot I love to go to lately.  I wish it was open a little more late though, I've been several times that it's been closed.  Having said that, this is a great choice for lunch.  Their lunch combos are cheap, delicious, portions are big.  I never had beef bourguinon until coming here.  And to be honest, I would never have ordered that unless I was with my friend, but by golly that beef was tender!!!Everyone that works here is so nice as well.  Staff is so polite, I love that.My one critique is that they can make their macarons look better.  With so many competitors around, they don't seem to have much attention to detail put into them.  But who am I to say?  I've never made a macaron in my life, I just eat them.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,2/24/2012,381,465,5,11,6>This update contains two potentially useful bits of info.If you read my last review, you might wonder how this place could get better. In fact, when I brought an out-of-town friend here today for lunch buffet, it started off looking worse. It seems like they rotate soups from day to day for their lunch buffet (#1: note to self: consider calling ahead). No duck soup for me this time... however, the "beef noodle" soup (no, it's not pho) that they served today was pretty good.Also, I was not aware of their short lunch hours. They close at 2:30pm, I believe (#2: arrive early), so we were cutting it a bit close when we got there around 2. As we neared the end of our meal, however, the manager (perhaps the co-owner?) did something very nice. Actually, two things. First, he was kind enough to warn us that lunch service was ending soon, so we should pick up additional food if we wanted to. Several minutes later - and I'm not sure if he overheard us talking about this - he offered us some fried banana dessert fresh from the kitchen. We accepted this offer and enjoyed some hot, crunchy, sweet goodness.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,2/22/2012,44,147,12,8,9>This is where meat and kimchi lovers explode. I belong here. As I was getting my kimchi craving satiated, I overheard a couple talking. Obviously, it was the bf's first time.Dude: "So, this is a restaurant where you have to like, cook your own meat?"Girl: "Yup! You bring the meat to the table and cook!" Looks at him with the biggest smile, ever.Dude: Looks lost and kinda grossed out. Holds up meat. "Oh. So, what is this?" Looks at the meat suspiciously.Girl: "That's chicken"Dude: "Are you sure? I bet it's cat."Girl: "No! It's chicken."Dude: Looks disgusted. "I bet it's cat. This whole buffet is cat. Cat!"This exchange embodies cross-cultural clashes. I love it. A great and clean cook-it-yourself Korean bbq restaurant. It's so much better than rival Woo Che BBQ a few blocks west. The concept is straight forward: server heats up the grill; you choose from a buffet of uncooked meats, salads, appetizers, soups and bring it your table;  start grilling your meats, eat, and enjoy. Repeat. I loved it. The combination of fresh flavorful cooked meat and spicy fermented cabbage is deliciously intoxicating to my soul. I also enjoyed the cucumber salad, noodles, and pumpkin soup. I frequented so many times with the meat that a gentlemen next to our booth remarked, "I like your appetite!". Guilty. At $20+ per person (during dinner), I wanted my moneys worth, duh. My only gripe is that I wish they had more veggies to grill (i.e. eggplant, zucchini, bell peppers) and dessert options. Strawberries would've been a perfect ending. Service was friendly and our waitress helped clean the grill frequently. The blend of fresh ingredients, friendly service, and a funny overheard exchange permits a recommendation.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,2/21/2012,379,224,5,5,5>The sign was so Big, it caught my attention.. Why not, lets do it. When I think of Vietnamese food, I think of that soothing super hot Pho soup or that inexpensive cold cut Banh mi sub.. Not here! Felt like having rice anyway:Vietnamese BBQ Spring Rolls: Actually I wanted the Fried Egg Rolls But I guess I ordered this instead.. No problem.. 4 Fat pieces of unfried spring rolls and a complex looking peanut sauce. I had to take a bite without the sauce to taste what I was working with.. Oooh Very nice! Great pork/meaty flavor, a healthy dose of herbs/veggies and a crunchy roll of texture! What a touch of genius.. That roll (looked like a stick of cinnamon) but tasted like a sweet cracker and gave that soft roll that crunch that I desire from Fried Egg Rolls.. Very Noice! The peanut sauce, wasn't the ordinary plain, expected peanut sauce.. It was obvious just by looking at it. Well, whatever they put it in there made me an even happier camper! Awesome way to start!62. BBQ Pork with Broken Rice plus Chinese Sausage: Several thin slices of golden brown pork, dark red slices of chinese sausage over a bed of Broken rice and sweet pickled daikon (type of radish), carrots and cucmber. On the side for dipping the bbq pork, my server actually made my fish sauce mix tableside (water, vinegar, sugar and fish sauce, plus a splash of chili). The pork was tender, had a light flavor and dipping it in the sauce was Money!! One of the few items that you'd find in my freezer are Chinese sausages. I buy frozen packages at the Asian markets, slice em' thin, lightly fry and eat them like popcorn. They're Really REALLLY GOOD! Theirs seemed to taste a tad better maybe because theirs are supposedly never frozen.. The sweet pickled veggies were fresh and balanced some of the fattiness from the meats beautifully. The broken rice's appealing naturally buttery note was a Bonus! Subtle But Noticeable. Very Delicous Dish!! *Broken rice: Some history according to the server - Originally transporters from ancient times used to sift/throw away the "broken" grains of rice until it became so much that they decided to try cooking it themselves instead of wasting it. Come to find out, they discovered that it carried a different satisfying flavor. Now it's sold separately like a delicacy.. Pennywort Juice with Mung bean: Server told me that the this was formed from leaves that float like lily pads in the water and that they also add some coconut juice in it. If I were to blind taste this with Wheatgrass Juice, I wouldn't tell the difference except this had a grainy consistency. Not bad, I think it was healthy! Service Beyond what I expected in terms of knowledge of the food, especially coming from an African American Server! What's up "Mo"! Super cool guy and a Very patient, Attentive and Easy to talk to. This place served up One of the better Vietnamese riced dishes and Rolls I've ever had. Value was there. Atmosphere was clean and typical Asian. Without a Doubt, I will be making my regular stops here from now on!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,2/20/2012,106,104,4,7,7>This place just opened 2 days ago. Drinks are amazingly delicious! If you don't want to read everything below, read this. ORDER THEIR FRIES, amazingly crispy with a great garlic sauce!!! Yesterday (12/3), I tried their Taro Milk Tea: got it hot, really creamy and full of flavor but not overly sweetPinenuts Milk Tea: pinenuts were not really my thing, but the milk tea was great. It's not the traditional Taiwanese milk tea. It's made with either English Breakfast or some other kind of black tea that I couldn't completely identify, not with red tea. So if you're expecting red tea, don't. Today, I went in to try some other drinks and their food. I got their house special. It's the 6th page in their menu. You can choose from Juicy Steak, Chicken Steak Cutlet, Fish Fillet Steak, or Sizzling Noodle. All of them come on a sizzling platter, which has a cool feeling when it comes out of the kitchen to your table in this chic ambience, light gray-blue walls, with glass art, print art, and tea sets decorating different cities' names in their bar area. In Chinese, it says you can choose either mushroom sauce or black pepper sauce on the right side, next to the prices of House Special. This is for you non-Chinese reading people. Below that, you see "Soup/Sala/French Fries/Toast" and "Sala" is NOT a typo. That's what it says. I'm sure you can figure out what word that is. Anyway, I chose theChicken Steak Cutlet with Mushroom Sauce: Chicken was so tender, mushroom sauce was an on-the-sweeter-side tomato sauce with canned mushrooms, and the pasta that came on top swirled into the sauce was al dente. It was a great meal for a cheap price.Salad: iceberg, came with a package of ranch on the sideFries: one of the BEST order of fries I have ever had, so crispy and came with a garlic sauceThey're also having a promotion right now until the 7th. If you check in on Facebook, you receive 50% off. I did that yesterday and today. :) Yummy food at half off... service is the typical Chinatown service you would get at most places, so I can't complain too much there. They try to take things away a little earlier than you'd like, but that's the eager beaver in them, right? I would say their drinks are a bit better than Miss, definitely five stars. Their ambience is five stars. Their food is not bad. 4.5... overall. I will be back, even after their sale.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,2/19/2012,234,139,4,7,6>DON'T BE SCURRED TO WALK AROUND TO LOOK AT THE SPECIALS POSTED ON THE WALLSMy sister brought me here a few years ago and I've been a fan ever since. She was in town this week and we stopped by here after I picked her up from the airport. She was already tipsy from drinks at SFO cause her flight was delayed so we didn't order bottles of Nigori like usual. This is what we ordered:Asahi - large bottleMackerel w/miso sauceIka-yaki Stir fried garlic chicken gizzardsWagyu beef carpaccioTako wasabi - they forgot to give this to usKimchi fried riceSalmon w/mozzarella tempuraThey were out Black Cod w/miso sause so we tried the Mackerel. The Markerel is a little salty. The Ika-yaki is another dish that we always get. Tako wasabi is also another dish we always order, but they forgot to give it to us this time. Stir fried garlic chicken gizzards are a must. We tried to order the Butter Clams, but they ran out.OPEN LATE AND 10% DISCOUNT CARD
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,2/18/2012,203,164,13,8,7>I'm a good honest man. I don't cheat. I don't lie. And I certainly don't steal. But KoMex makes me upset for making me feel like a thief! I'm actually upset that this place charges so little for the amount of quality food they serve. At the end of every meal, I get this guilty feeling like is this check a mistake? I can't buy this much happiness for so little. This place puts cheap fast food to shame. Try to spend $10 here for lunch and finish all the food they serve and you will understand. That's just speaking volume. Now as for the quality, my god! I can't even get my grass fed organic meat to taste this great. The other reason for the 5 stars, the Wontons! Fried or boiled. Unbelievable! 4 for a dollar is absurd. Now this is the definition of bang for your buck. Nothing in the universe can taste this good, per bite per $0.25 period.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,2/17/2012,213,80,7,15,12>***Happy Hours from 8pm-10:30pm*** **closed on Sundays** After reading Lisa L & Tony T's reviews, I decided to try this place right away... I absolutely trust their taste of food :)  I am very pleased to find this cozy place run by a nice Japanese family that I can enjoy the tasty Japanese dishes all the time.First of all, the service is fantastic!!! The servers are very attentive, always smile, and knowledgeable about the menu. Whenever, I am at this place, most of the customers are the local Japanese. They casually dine at the sushi bar and seems like they all enjoy having a conversation with a sushi chef, Sato :) They always talk quietly... I have tried.. asari miso soup(not salty at all, tasty clams were served in the soup), assorted sashimi dinner entree, all kinds of nigiris(very fresh), Japanese ceviche(if you like the taste of citrus ponzu, you will like it), crispy rice with spicy tuna(well blended taste of mayo spicy tuna & sliced jalapenos on top of crunch rice,, It's so delicious that  I always end up ordering more), spicy muscle roll(one of my favorite rolls), saba nitsuke(makerel seasoning with sake & dark soy sauce,,able to taste of sweetness & ginger,,love it!), seared tuna sashimi with salsa(the salsa was the bomb-avocado, red onion, tomato, cucumber & the chef's secret sauce), nabeyaki udon(the broth was really good), the lunch box, and more. I definitely can say it is a great local Japanese restaurant that you can quietly enjoy your meal with your company or by yourself at any time of the day.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,2/16/2012,103,179,6,6,5>Pink Cadillac or Pinkcadelic, who cares?! The guy with the French accent wins either way! Lol (see for yourself and you'll know what I mean!) =pProps to the Yelp team for asking themto sponsor "Nerdy Dancing" for if not, I would've never known about them and that's just plain selfish! But that's what Yelp is all about "sharing is caring" now that's what's up!Quick QTs-call to see if their featured flavor is up that day and if it is, run! Don't walk! They run out quick!-nitrogen popped are the flavors marked with a check mark, but sadly u can only enjoy there, sorry folks I asked why and why I couldn't put it in my own freezer, I guess if you have a nitrogen freezer you'd maybe get a yes to bring home, again from there run! Don't walk! The consistency eating at the shop vs home may change.-Pink Cadillac-pink frosting with pink sparkles and nerds! Yum! -Bags range from small, large to tub! But jumping from a large to a tub is a big difference, if I lived local I'd def consider the tub (spoken by addict) what?! You get $10 off everytime! =)-Dirty Vegas?! What?! Every flavor listed in one bag?! How brilliant of them! I rest my case, 5 stars you deserve!!!!!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/15/2012,580,394,5,8,7>Yep, I would like to eat here every week. I would say everyday but, that would be exaggerating it a bit. *not really*I always find anyone/anyway possible to eat here lolAfter hiking at Red Rock, the topic of lunch came up and my suggestion was this place....and despite the half hour distance, I won =)Got the garlic chicken bento with a side of onion tempura. You can choose ur veggies for the tempura which got me all flustered because I wanted alllllll the veggies tempura'd.....was hoping for one of everything tempura'd but, since they were out of brocolli, I had to go with onion tempura (onion rings/not really/almost). Swear, I love their garlic chicken but, I shoulda went with my friends order.He got the mochiko bento with a side of curry. And in looking at his meal, I think that's the best bet of a meal. You get the mochiko (delish!), chicken katsu (my fave katsu in Vegas), and the curry (ur own chicken katsu curry). Altho my complaint with the curry was it was sooooo little...it wasn't enough to feed the curry craving.I have yet to try the tempura fried rice. I'll be here next week. And by next week, I mean, tomorrow!
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,2/14/2012,145,129,,7,6>introduced not even a month ago and I'm in love. Dan T. surprised me with a great brownie sundae from here a few weeks ago. he has raved and raved about it, so i was excited he brought it to me. after digging in I had to share some of it with my mom. the thing was huge! like split between 3 or 4 people huge. My family and I drive past it atleast twice a week, but never stop. only talk about stopping. after an afternoon lunch at 5 guys this saturday though my parents stopped. what a great dessert after burgers and fries and much better than any diner i have ever been to. my mom and I shared the mocha almond concrete. what's a concrete? think blizzard but with more to offer. you know how with blizzards you are usually at the end of them, the bottom of the cup, left with no toppings and just basic ice cream? well not here at mister d's, everything was swirled and mixed perfectly. almonds all throughout the little gem. i also love that you can watch the workers though the giant walk up window. they also offer a drive thu.the only thing to beware of here? brain freezes! ;) don't chow down too quickly. enjoy it!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,2/13/2012,84,309,6,8,6>The bf & I decided to get a 90 minute couples massage this afternoon, and after searching Yelp for some suggestions, landed on Massage Pro.Amazeballs.As everyone has already mentioned, the facility itself is nothing super fancy, but it is comfortable, clean, cozy & relaxing.  Living here, it's really all I need for a great massage.We both have jacked up backs, so the therapists had their work cut out.  90 minutes of kneading, rubbing, stretching and more kneading, we both walked out feeling like champions.  Really, really, really relaxed champions.And the price? Unbeatable.  90 minutes of heaven with my boyfriend for $99 each?!? Yes please.  They also feature an everyday price of $49 for an hour Swedish massage.  And none of this skimping on time stuff, either - how did that even become a trend?I am certain of two things: 1. We will be back to Massage Pro, and 2. We will be very, very sore tomorrow.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,2/11/2012,1110,542,6,9,6>Aloha North Vegas Yelpers!This is the closest place to me that offers local food.I had a late lunch here last week with my guy. We both come from Hawaii and love local food.I had the kaukau pack which is their version of a bento. I choose garlic ahi and sesame chicken. It comes with white rice and fried noodles. Great taste and reasonable price costing $8My guy loves the korean chicken plate and Portuguese sausage here.To me their version of Korean chicken is OKAY... I would suggest something else... like their garlic ahi!Why -1 star?super long wait... really long wait... did I mention there's a wait? and the menu is limited but I'm ok with quality, not quantity. I guess I wish there was more HAWAIIAN food on the menu, I say this is more of local food from Hawaii. I guess I had my share of other Hawaiian spots in the city, so I've been to places that has more variety.This place reminds me of a place you would find in Hawaii. Very friendly staff! I love Hawaii people! One lady there reminds me of my grandma back home. Gotta love the aloha spirit!Will I come back?YES!I'll probably call in my order a head of time to cut out the wait, now that I have their menu.+ military drinks free! Indoor seating. Super Casual. Lots of free parking.Mahalo 808 MP!-Miss Yelp 2011
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2011,2/10/2012,230,576,5,9,4>I took my husband to see this show for an early Birthday celebration because according to him all of his Birthdays have "sucked". I would have to agree with him so I wanted to plan something he would truly enjoy. Musicals aren't really his thing even though I do drag him along sometimes so I figured I'd choose something more him. I chose the Fantasy show because he enjoys looking at "naked ladies". I dunno I guess it's a guy thing! The show is much more then women dancing around naked. The host Lorena Peril can really belt out a tune. She has a strong voice like Christina Aguilera. She likes to get the audience involved so you never know what will happen. Lorena also seems pretty nice. After the show during the meet and greet I was trying to sneak a picture of her signing my husband's calendar because I was too shy to ask her to pose with him. When she noticed me trying to take a picture she said, "You want me to pose with him? ..cause I'll pose with him." I thought that was pretty cool and the picture turned out really good! If you don't want to have attention showered on you throughout the show don't sit in the front row. We were in the second row but the guy in front of us was the center of jokes, had to dance like a Chippendale dancer and he got to go up on the stage with the girls to be a part of their performance. It was all in good fun though him and his wife were good sports about it! Then someone unexpected comes on the stage ...a guy ...he wasn't on the poster! His name was Sean Cooper and he was hilarious! He first came out doing impressions of James Brown, Sammy Davis Jr. but his jokes are the best! He also did the rap during Lorena's "Hips Don't Lie" number. We were lucky enough to catch him after the meet and greet to get pictures and tell him how funny we thought he was. He was also really cool about it.  The show was pretty good even to the harshest of critics. I know because I was sitting next to one. This old guy was sitting near me with a stern look on his face for practically the whole show ( I'm a people watcher..so I always looked at him for his reaction during every number...I'm nosy like that.) but he even cracked a small smile. It was during the Michael Jackson impersonation though...go figure!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,2/9/2012,432,184,8,12,8>Yes, upgraded to Five Stars because I went in yesterday for lunch and ordered a wrap with a side of hummus. They came out to check on me.  They meaning the cashier, the cook and the owner and when I said I try to stick to low carb they brought out carrots for my hummus! How tight is this? Insane. Yes, I fell deeper in love with you yesterday D'Lish and sent three people there last night for dinner. Until we meet again....xo
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,2/8/2012,242,416,11,19,14>The place was very dead when we went on a Monday around 2pm. We were literally the only customers there for a good 30 minutes or so. Then the regulars/friends came in and started eating. I figure more people come here for dinner though. The ambiance was dark and intimate. There is a bar area where you can sit or many tables that seat about 2-4 people. When we sat down at a table for two, the waiter asked me if a wanted a chair for my purse. Let me repeat that...A CHAIR FOR MY PURSE. Well f*ck yes my purse would love a chair! I don't think I've ever been asked that in my whole history of dining. My boyfriend and I were both a little taken aback when he asked me that. We started off with the Crispy Garlic Chicken ($7.95), which was phenomenal. The chicken was crispy, juicy and garlicky and the sauce was just oozing with all sorts of flavors. We were originally going to get the calamari, but if there's one thing we love more than calamari, it's garlic. After being schooled on the difference between Sukiyaki and Shabu Shabu, I opted for  healthy size (6oz) prime rib-Eye Sukiyaki ($14.95) and my boyfriend got hungry size (8oz) prime rib-Eye Shabu Shabu ($18.95) in their new Spicy Miso broth. These both came with a small bowl of rice and a plate of veggies, udon, and tofu. This was actually my first time ever having Sukiyaki, so I don't have much to base it off of, but I still found it to be pretty damn delicious. My boyfriend actually enjoyed the Sukiyaki more than the Shabu Shabu because it was just so flavorful, although a lot less healthy than the Shabu. The waiter told us to wait until the sauce got a little thick because it would make it have more flavor, so everytime I took out the cooked meat, it was drenched with all kids of goodness. The Shabu Shabu was okay, but just boring compared to the Sukiyaki. I'm sure if I tried the Shabu first, I would've liked it more, but my taste buds were spoiled from he awesome Sukiyaki. *Tips-Ask them what flavors they have for their Shabu Shabu broth. When we went they had Spicy Miso and for an extra buck, you could also get soy.-Lately, there have been a lot of Groupon Now deals for this place, so you should definitely check that out before arriving. We got a Groupon a few months ago, so our bill only came out to $17 for all that!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,2/7/2012,420,186,23,24,28>WHERE: Located on Tropicana & Decatur.WHEN: 5pm-3am (dinner & late dinnertime!)WHY: Have you ever posted "best sushi in LV" topics on Yelp Talk? If so, no need to ask anymore, because this is it!! THE BEST ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI JOINT IN TOWN! WITHOUT A DOUBT!WHAT: Firstly, we got to test out the new party room! There were 20 of us sushi-eaters ready to devour and take advantage of that AYCE sushi menu! The servers were all dolls! They were extremely helpful (knowing how hectic a large party can be) and us paying separately did not scare them at all. They were well-prepared! COOL points for the staff that night!So, on to the food! I would just like to state the fact that each dish was made with such perfection! From the many attractive flavors, to the presentation!SOME THINGS I TRIED:Orgasm salad: Something a little bit different! The sauce blend had a little tang and zest to it, which actually made the salad.Pastel roll: shrimp and crab wrapped inside soy paper, shrimp and avocado on top, slightly drizzled with spicy yum & eel sauce on top!911 roll: To all of you spice-aholics, you need to try this one! I personally thought that I would be able to take some HEAT, but I had to LEAVE THE KITCHEN for this one! After several drinks of water and patiently waiting it out, the spice stuck to my tongue! So, the tip for this roll: BEWARE, AND PROCEED WITH CAUTION! hahaI LOVE BAKED ROLLS! So, I love the fact that they have a handful of great ones!O.I.D. roll: shrimp & asparagus wrapped in salmon & baked with yumyum sauce! Oh whatt?!!Baked 428: I had to try this one just because it said baked chicken inside the roll! I have never tried a chicken roll =)Goyemon lasagna roll: I love japanese lasagna rolls, so I always try it in every sushi spot. & this won my heart over! My absolute favorite lasagna roll of all time!DESSERT! Oh how I love the end of beautiful beginnings solely due to dessert! So... there are a couple of desserts you may choose from on the ayce menu, (tempura, mochi, etc) meaning you can get as much as you'd like?! There is a separate dessert menu you can choose from as well, where you are only allowed to pick one on there! And on this beautiful menu lay "GREEN TEA CREME BRULEE," which happened to be my pick! =D It was completely marvelous!Lastly, I would like to give a shoutout to my fellow yelper, Nelson Q., for introducing me to such greatness! You got me hooked, my friend! So hooked that I will be back there next week!WINNER, WINNER, SUSHI DINNER!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,2/6/2012,765,431,9,10,7>I must qualify this review. I didn't make the call to China Ginger expecting Wing Lei type food. I just wanted some local chinese take out. Quick. Easy. Somewhat edible.This spot is pretty close to my house, and I always pass it on my way to and from work, so I figured I'd give it a shot one night. Not a lot of Yelp love for this place, but that's ok...it can be our little secret ;)Some dishes that are decent: chicken with black bean sauce, chicken lo mein, and anything with chow fun. All are excellent choices.I also love that the food is always hot and ready for pickup within 10 minutes. As I said in my first paragraph, this isn't five-star, hard core, authentic Chinese food. It's just easy, simple, take out. And it's good for that. Something I missed in Arizona.If you want real authentic Chinese grub, hit up the spots on Spring Mountain, or go to Wing Lei, or even Wazuzu for fine dining.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,2/5/2012,682,135,5,11,8>I have a rule of thumb when it comes to passing final judgement on an Indian restaurant: the quality of food should be based on their a la carte dinner entrees rather than their buffet since the drop-off between the two can often be quite steep.  I believe there is a Japanese restaurant corollary in that one should judge the quality of food based on their omakase (tasting menu designated by the chef) rather than their a la carte menu items.  Of course, there is usually a hike in price in both cases but sometimes you pay for what you get, and what you get here for omakase is definitely money well spent.One would never guess that tucked away in SW suburbia lies a restaurant opened by Hiro Nakano, the former head chef of Nobu (Hard Rock Casino) and was listed in the 2009 Michelin guide.  I met up with some work colleagues and since my boss was treating the group, we decided to indulge in the $55 omakase experience (an $85 option was available, but one should not test the limits of generosity when being treated to a complimentary meal by your superior).  Probably the most interesting question I have ever encountered when deciding on the omakase was being prompted by the server as to how many times I have had the omakase specifically at their restaurant.  Apparently the chef likes to vary the dishes so as to create a different experience for the diner much like a video game character advancing to higher levels of play!  Apparently the variations can go up to "level 5" and possibly beyond so I found this to be a ingenious incentive to return for repeat tasting adventures.  A couple members of our party were second-timers so it was cool to get a preview as to what I would be expecting after my first omakase here.  I'm sure the chef would be more than willing to mix and match specific items since the theme to this idea is thoughtfulness towards the customer.Items I could recollect along with occasional sidenotes with regard to the level 2 menu.1) Hawaiian yellowtail marinated with yuzu soy:  unctuous and refreshing with bright notes of citrus from the yuzu, very nice start to the meal (level 2 was japanese red snapper)2) Sashimi salad- delicate slices of assorted fish mixed with shredded daikon and greens in a subtle onion vinaigrette--very clean flavors3) Miso Black cod with grilled shishito pepper- perfectly cooked and well seasoned, the fish pretty much melts in your mouth and goes well with a nice salty crunch from the pepper (I think in the $85 omakase, this dish is accompanied with grilled fois gras....talk about umami overload!)4)  Sliced filet mignon served with grilled asparagus-  found this one to be slightly underwhelming since while being cooked medium rare, was a bit under-seasoned and would have liked some asian flavors to be incorporated (the second-timers received a similar cut but was topped with a spicy chili sauce so I'm thinking that version was tastier)5) Miso soup with wakame (firm seaweed) and mini button mushrooms-  the cute little mushrooms are not only tasty but also provide an artistic glow to the otherwise cloudy earth-tone broth. 6) Nigiri assortment- fairly standard with a couple tuna sushi rolls, one regular shrimp and mackerel nigiri, and pairs of salmon and tuna nigiri....nothing mind-blowing, but helps to fill you up with the added load of rice.7) Chocolate souffle with green tea ice cream-  nice way to round out the meal.  Souffle could have been more fluffy, but definitely a unexpectedly pleasant flavor combination with the green tea ice cream...I got a chance to taste the almond frangipane cake with pineapple sorbet in the second timers dessert course and that was equally exquisite.I'm thinking I may have omitted one more sashimi course, but as one can see, this is quite a spread for $55 and I definitely did not go home hungry.  Folks residing in this part of town should definitely take advantage of having such a fine dining option nearby and for those trekking from across town, definitely a nice introduction to omakase at a reasonable price with opportunities to "level-up" with subsequent visits.  Be sure to also take advantage of their excellent sake selection.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,2/4/2012,76,63,4,10,4>I had no Idea what to expect going into this show. I knew it had a little bit of a cirque feel to it, but honestly I wasn't even sure if it was a cirque show...I knew there was some comedy to it, but wasn't sure what the basis was other than the name Absinthe.I feel sorry for anyone who went into this show knowing what to expect. I almost feel guilty writing this review right now, because it robs you of the complete and utter surprise of sitting down and 5 minutes in realizing you have just walked into the raunchiest x-rated cirque show imaginable. WARNING: seriously....everyone else has said it, but they really hold nothing back in this show.We arrived late but the seating in the tent outside Caesar's is circular so even though we sat in the back, our seats were still great. The seating is general admission so it's basically first come first serve. BUT...if you are the type of person who doesn't mind being embarrassed or used during the show, then by all means show up early and sit in the front row...you WILL, however be subjected to whatever racist, sexist,  or prejudice tirade the host of the show feels like labeling you with.In other words....If you are sensitive, sit in the back.We weren't aware of this, but we sat in the back anyway because they have these cool little booths in the back with tables, and because it's a smaller venue it makes the show more intimate.There is a bar set up before you enter, but don't feel the need to load up there before you go in because there are also bars inside, which sell drinks throughout the show. As well there are servers walking around the back isle offering drinks if you can flag one down.I dropped $30 on two mixed drinks and a glass of wine...but well worth it, because they are pouring them tall and strong.The show is a mix of Sketch comedy, improv, cirque acts, and burlesque, but it's worth it just to see the look on the faces of the 60 year old tourists in the front row as the host "the gazillionaire" shoves his crotch in their face & really steals the show, with an act reminiscent of Tony Clifton as played by Andy Kaufman.I can't really comment on the price of the show, as I got the ticket for free. But having seen it now I would certainly go back with the right people and gladly pay.As others have said...if you go...don't take your mom, unless your mom happens to be seriously disturbed.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,2/3/2012,63,143,5,12,7>April 14th 2010  This is seriously the best Chinese food I have had... no joke!  I came in with a group of friends (we have all been here numerous times prior and just can't seem to stay away).  Here's the scoop:Ordered: Pot Stickers (8)  $6.95 Spicy Salt Squid $8.25 Baked Pork Chop w/ Spicy Salt $8.25 Sweet & Sour Chicken $8.25 House Special Crispy Noodle $6.95 Shrimp Fried Rice $7.50 Ice waterPros:  * Service is extremely fast (even when it's busy) & accurate w/ the order.* Generous portions and decently priced* Awesome Chinese food... I love it!Cons:* My favorite dishes (see below) are missing from the Lunch Specials* There's a "house special" board in the restaurant, but I can't read it because it is written in Mandarin (or perhaps Cantonese...I'm not sure exactly which it is).Tips:* We didn't order it this time, but definitely try the Baked Pork Chops with Chef Sauce... It is to die for!  A perfect combo of sweetness and crunch that I can't get enough of.* Lunch Specials run from 11 am- 3 pm and only comes Steam Rice* This place is a little hard to find, but look for Sonny's Saloon.  Diamond Chinese is connected.* ask for their hot sauce.. mmmmmmm*  Yes they cater!Final Verdict:  This place is a must!  I'm a big fan of Chinese cuisine, but this place just stands out to me.  I haven't had a dish that I  didn't like from Diamond (not to mention the food is not overly oily like most of its' competitors).  My favorites and "must haves" include: the Houes Special Crispy Noodle (AMAZING!!!!), Baked Pork Chops w/ Chef Sauce (this sauce makes this dish!), and the Spicy Salt Squid.  Aside from the food, the service here is amazing as well.  The server always recognizes me (even if I have not gone in for months).  She always remembers that I'm a big fan of their hot sauce (which appears to be a homemade concoction of sorts mainly composed of Sriracha) and that I like to have hot tea.  Upon taking my order, she already has both in hand.  It's always nice when places remember their customers.  What can I say... I'm a fan!!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,2/2/2012,693,1125,13,15,13>We were in the area and I was feeling on a snack and saw some of my Yelp friends check into the Crepe Shack so I decided to get crepe-y and be creepy. I didn't find my friends, but I found some treats to fill in the need for a afternoon snack. I got the East Meets West: red bean, mochi bits, condensed milk and green tea ice cream. I forgot how messy Japanese crepes was, but it was fun eating it. The flavors all went really well together and the crepe was good. It's a little less crisp than some of the crepe places I like (like Sophies in SFO), but good flavor and chewy.The BF is more of a waffle person so he got a Bananas Foster: bananas, cinnamon powder, caramel, whip cream, ice cream. It was good toppings, but since they are using the crepe batter the texture is less than ideal. It was dense and wasn't crispy enough. The BF thinks next time he will order a crepe instead since that wasn't what he looks for in a waffle. The staff is really friendly. The owner was the one who rang us up and saw my Yelp check-in offer and asked about how often I used it, asked what I thought of the crepe, etc. Seems like the type of owner who is responsive to customers feedback. They're fairly new, but it seems they are getting into a groove.We live way across town, but definitely a place I can see myself stopping by again when we're in the area.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,2/1/2012,113,85,6,15,10>Upon entering Forte on my initial visit, my first thought was that it was very European. This wasn't just because it was dead at lunch, as most restaurants in Europe are, but also because of the eccentric decor, dark lounge-like feel, off-the-beaten-path location, and genuine hospitality. That, and the fully stocked bar featuring very cheap glasses of delicious European wines (this I would find out later).I've over-ordered Forte at twice now, and though I can't say everything on the small plates menu is a winner, I can say I will keep coming back due to the aforementioned charming qualities and a few unique, inexpensive food highlights.The menu is broken down by European country (mostly Eastern) and their corresponding regional specialties. Under Russia, you won't find any caviar or borscht, but you will find adjarkski kachapurri, which goes down the hatch more easily than it rolls off the tongue ($6.99). This consists of a freshly baked bread loaf akin to a short, fat French baquette, that is hollowed in the center and stuffed with cheese, butter, and a raw egg. If I lost you at 'raw egg' then let me elaborate. The egg is mixed in table-side and is cooked by the heat of the bread, turning the dish into a protein-filled vegetarian friendly dish that will change your mind about Russian food. The flavor of the crusty bread combined with the egg and cheese reminded me of a quiche, yet this was unlike anything I've ever had. Extra (yet unnecessary) points for that!The section from Spain features a variety of chorizo sausages, amongst other items. We had the chistora and bilbao (each $2.50) which were fantastically charred and of fantastic value. These rivaled the Polish links at Costco as far as sausage bargains go, and were much better in my opinion.One note selections included the chicken skewers ($3.25 each), sauteed shrimp ($6.50), and the Bulgarian shopski served in an adorable clay pot ($6.99). Though there are a few minor flops, the thing I love most about this place is that you can try a lot of different foods you've probably never heard of, and, if you don't like them, you haven't spent enough to regret having given them a whirl.Coming back to the wine, I ordered a glass of Spanish Cosechero Blanco, which I was told cannot be found anywhere else in Vegas. Guess how much? $4.50!! The owner of the restaurant, who was our waitress on my second visit, and a gem in and of herself, offered to sell me a bottle at wholesale cost when I mentioned I liked it. So, I got a bottle for later that cost me just $8.20. That pretty much sealed the deal for me!This is a place you have to be experimental and open-minded to go to, but if you appreciate other cultures and want to join me on my mission to support the mom and pops in Vegas, then you'll have no trouble mustering the strength to go to Forte.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,1/31/2012,390,337,18,22,19>I heard about this place online just today.  They opened not too terribly long ago, but when I heard the name of the store and what type of business it was, there was no question that I was bound to go soon, and by "soon", I mean "immediately".  Weird and unique businesses draw me in like a magnet, so awaaaaaaaaay I went.Pulling up in the strange little lot is an all-black store adorned with Tiki torches, and a dinosaur on the roof.  "Why a dinosaur", you ask?  Who the Hell knows, really.  But I figure if people are already in the acceptance stages of zombies ravaging and consuming the planet, who is going to notice the occasional dinosaur smattering here and there?  Besides, why are you worrying about dinosaurs anyway when there are zombies about?  Geez, people.  Priorities!Inside, the store is a fantastical cornucopia of all you'll ever need to survive when the shizz hits the fan... and a synthetic lawn store.  I actually commend this.  Just because society is going to Hades in a handbasket doesn't mean that you can't appreciate a proper, well manicured lawn.  If there's anything worse than zombies, it's an irate HOA on your back because your survival bunker isn't up to code.But they have a plethora of swords, tazers, and axes, zombie training dummies and shooting range targets, and even artwork.  And food.  Oh, so much food.  Need a kit that will cover the hunger needs of 200 people?  They've got it for a mere $100.  You may even have enough to cater a wedding after a tough day of fending off the hordes of the undead.This is all well and good, but I finally decided on a decently priced survival pack for my car, which looked suspiciously like the med packs from "Left 4 Dead".  Actually, it's a nice little kit in case I get stuck out somewhere, and need supplies in a pinch.They even do zombie themed in-store events.  Max Brooks of "World War Z" fame actually came out there about two weeks back (dang it) for a book signing, and they have video forecasting the impending doom.But in seriousness, if you want to look at it from the "Real World" perspective, it's a decent place to prepare for a camping trip, or some related outdoor activity.  The prices aren't bad, the theme is certainly funny, and the staff (Larry and Mike) are super nice and eager to answer any questions.  If you seriously want to stock up on some long-term survival supplies or that sword on the go, they have a person covered.  Stores with a sense of humor win me over every time.So to paraphrase the old saying: Run, don't shamble to apparently the only store who will have our backs when the dead return to walk the Earth.And those periodic dinosaur attacks that are bound to crop up.  Man, the future's going to be weird....
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,1/28/2012,433,1034,6,12,12>Simple food done very well.. For some reason I was expecting a larger menu and variety. Instead they have a limited selection that is well crafted. So far most people have praised the hamburg steak, hayashi rice, chef's salad, and tororin omelet, so I tried something different. The garlic beef ($9.99) was impressive. Thinly sliced beef is marinaded in a soy sauce base, sauteed with onions and garlic until it is tender, then plated with a large helping of grated cabbage. It comes with a salad to start and a plate of rice with the meal. I had to leave before the food arrived to take an important call and was gone for 25 minutes. When I came back, the food was still warm. The waitress was worried that it had gone cold, but it must have been scolding when it first came out, because it retained it's temperature well. The serving size was plentiful and my friend had been helping herself. I came back too late to try her vegetable curry ($6.99). She must have enjoyed it, because there was not even a bite left for me. I am beginning to think that you can close your eyes, choose, and end up with a delicious meal.Being outside for so long, I chugged down my water. Our waitress must have refilled it eight times. Cafe de Japon employees are attentive, quick, and friendly.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,1/27/2012,1742,366,6,11,9>Steak & Eggs special $5.99..I think YES! This is not my neck of the woods normally. An awesome pal of mine took me here at 3am for breakfast after a night of boozing it up. Steak and eggs special is incredible. A generous slab of steak, two eggs, hash browns and toast or pancakes. The pancakes were from scratch two plate sized flat fluffy pillows of goodness! Melted butter and hot syrup. I was sitting there moaning for a good 45 minutes while I enjoyed every morsel. $5.99 for a ton of food! I was defeated, for the first time in history I was unable to finish my entire meal! The service was Amazing. Shout out to Bobby! Who was a real Gem! He treated me like a Queen! We chose to eat at the bar and enjoy our meal, they also have a sit down cafe/restaurant with full service open 24/7. I will be back for one of the best breakfast meals I have had in Las Vegas!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,1/26/2012,519,1603,7,19,16>This was one of the best food evenings I have ever spent.  I made my reservation through their process about a month ago.  While I originally requested the 5:30 seating, there was a singleton space for the 8:30 so I went for it.I showed up about 8:05 and handed my gold ticket to them.  I was then escorted to the bar where I had some ice water and started to meet my dining mates for the evening - Greg and Lindsey from Glasgow, Scotland.At about 8:40, we were escorted into the separate dining area that has a horseshoe shaped table with 8 seats.  Behind the table was the staff ready to greet us, tell us a few rules, and encourage us to ask questions about anything.  Then the dinner started.Over the next three hours, the staff made some of the most creative, tasty, and beautifully plated dishes I have experienced.  Since the room seats 8 people only, generally four servers each took 2 plates so all 8 of us were served in unison.  I had the non-alcohol drink paring which gave me a chance to have spirit-like drinks along with the other diners.  And in two instances, my food or drink was not laced with alcohol but with lemonade or some other substitute.Each of the 20+ courses was explained.  We often had questions about technique, ingredients, or other matters.  One of the chefs came out of the kitchen to explain the red mushroom we enjoyed and explained why it was red and whence it came.The staff is amazing.  They are friendly, always smiling, and always enjoying what they do.  I really felt that I was a valued visitor.The room - oh it's quite different.  Two walls are lined with card catalog boxes to represent the knowledge Andrés has built up in his mind over the years.  There's a bustier which know one explained on the wall and a ladder with high heels on the rungs.  Very creative and innovative!Midnight was almost upon us as we finished the dessert courses.  We then signed the guest book - I was diner #1693.  I then passed the book to Lindsey to sign and so we went around the table.I recommend this to anyone who wants to try something very different and wants to find out about molecular gastronomy.  It was truly a very delicious and memorable evening.  All the staff at é made it outstanding with food and service!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,1/24/2012,191,302,8,17,13>The Skinny: foodie porn for the fine dining crowd at extremely reasonable prices... and when I say reasonable, I mean it's almost f%$king ridiculous (5) service: excellent personal service, my only gripe was that they probably need to fix the price labels on some of the shelves because they are outdated (invariably cheaper than the listed price though!) (5), Value: Stocking truffles, Iberico ham, preserves, all the little doodads to convert your kitchen into a molecular gastronomy lab? Absolutely priceless. (5!)We've been meaning to come here for a while after reading about this store in a news article many months back. We heard that they obtain the best of the best exotic items for all the fine dining establishments in town. When we saw a livingsocial deal, we totally jumped on board to check what this place is all about.When I walked in I was impressed. I mean when you look around store, there are massive paper bags with labels like "Guy Savoy" on them waiting to be delivered.I wouldn't say this is your ordinary grocery store by any means so leave your grocery list at home. They stock hard to find items like fresh wasabi root, vanilla beans from like 4 different countries, exotic anchovies, olives, oils and vinegars. Not to mention, duck breasts and foie gras piled high in the refrigerator. Up on the shelf, they also had an array of different additives (like agar,etc.) used in a molecular gastronomy kitchen. Have a sweet tooth? There are a large variety of gourmet organic preserves, honeys and spreads.Best of all was their charcuterie selection. OMG! They stock Iberico ham... as in the whole freaking leg. Iberico ham is the pride of Spain and is arguebly one of the finest hams in the world. The heritage organic pigs gorge themselves on acorns during the fall season, permeating their fat with delicious sweet nutty flavour. After curing for two years, voila! it's now here at this awesome little shop.Ordinarily, at a restaurant, a couple ounces will set you back $40. Here, try $39 a pound (you have to buy like a 5 pound slab though). Luckily for their retail customers, they have little 2 oz. packages which will only set you back $7.50 (although it is the tenderloin portion... a little less fatty than the leg meat but still!). Is this a deal or what?They also carried a variety of truffle butters. Normally, at Whole Foods a small 3oz container will set you back over $10. Here, it's only $4.65. Say what? you heard me... more than half freaking price!We also tried some organic, pectin free, sugar free gourmet jam (wild currant, fyi) for a $5.80.Artisanal Foods, where have you been all my life? I think I'm in love. 5 starred review.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,1/23/2012,151,110,5,17,15>So, I have to start by saying I'm NOT into the scene very much... so while I am the ruler of "my nation," I don't fraternize amongst the populace that often.Which is probably why I'm still single.But I digress.The BGB (big gay bestie) asked me to go along with him to meet some of his friends on his volleyball team, and this is how I wound up at The Garage, the newest gay bar in Las Vegas. And honestly, although clubs and bars aren't really my thing, this one wasn't horrible. It was pretty comfortable -- no real dress code beyond the normal stuff. Prices were good and the drinks were stiff. Almost too stiff, actually. My first drink was a Long Beach Iced Tea, and I think the bartender only added enough cranberry to color it reddish-pink. The second round was much better, and the vodka Red Bull was pretty good too.The atmosphere was all right. Not very mingle-y, but the music was the right volume so you can talk, listen to music, or be makey-outy if you are so inclined. Overall not a bad place. I'm not sure how often I'll be back, but now I won't cringe when invited.EDIT, 11/4: The owner just saw this Yelp review and reached out to thank me and asked if I had any suggestions for a 5-star review. THAT, my friends, is great customer service. That is a owner who cares about his business and his clientele. That alone, moves it from 3 to 4 stars. Well done, Robert.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,1/22/2012,464,819,11,12,11>Make no mistake, this place is pricey. Unless you're a serious baller (like the Green Bay Packer players we saw rolling out of here) you're going to feel the hurt when paying your bill. With that little detail out of the way, Blue Ribbon is worth checking out.The place has a modern Japanese feel and is divided up into three areas. When you first enter there's a small sushi bar to the right. Past that is a spacious lounge and bar area. Beyond that is the main dining area with a larger, U-shaped sushi bar. The tables in the main dining area are rather intimate, with many booths lining the walls and tables that are separated by thin wood dividers. So, if you're looking for a place where you can have some personal space and are more than 6 inches away from the nearest diner, then this is the place for you.Service was spotty. Our server was nice enough, he just didn't seem to know what was on the menu and couldn't recommend anything. Luckily, one of the managers came by to suggest a few items. Although he was casually dressed in jeans and a polo shirt so when he first came up to chat I thought it was just some random dude wanting to talk about the menu.Here's what we ended up ordering:Tuna sashimi. 2 pieces. Pricey, but deliciously fatty and silky smooth. Possibly some of the best tuna sashimi I've had in the city.Kanpachi - Amberjack with yuzu pepper. The order came with eight slices of fish with the yuzu sauce poured tableside. Smoked pork belly kushi yaki with pickled onions and baby watercress. Two decent cuts of pork with a nice amount of fat that added to the richness of the flavor.Negimaki - broiled beef with scallions and enoki mushrooms. It was a cute looking dish with eight slices of beef wrapped around the scallions and mushrooms. It was a good, savory dish with a hint of sweetness from its sauce, but probably not something I would order again.Miso marinated black cod. Two sizable pieces of fish per order. You usually can't go wrong with miso black cod, but I've had better. The piece that I had had a slight fishy taste and smell.Crab and truffle fried rice. The menu says it's $55 per order. That's ridiculous for any type of fried rice, but since everyone seems to rave about Blue Ribbon's fried rice we gave it a try. The manager said we could get a half order. Perfect! There were plenty of chunks of crab and mushrooms and slices of truffle. Definitely the best fried rice I've had, just don't tell my mom that (sorry mom, your fried rice has been bumped down to number two).
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2011,1/21/2012,157,244,11,8,7>BAO CHICKA WOW WOWHoly mother of god - I have just had multiple bao-gasms.  The dynamic duo of Chef Sheridan of Jenny are like MJ and Scottie Pippen in the world of Bao's.  Each bao is specially hand crafted to perfection.  For 10 bucks, you get 3 steamed buns of goodness with a drink.  I'd recommend trying one of each but in my opinion, the Peking Duck and Braised Pork are the star of the show.  You really can't go wrong with any of their Bao's but i am so partial to the duck with the smokiness and crispness from the skin.   I'm getting a little excited just writing about this right now.Chef Sheridan and Jenny are extremely personable and are great people - they even write your name on your order like you're ordering a cup of Joe from Starbucks. Just a word of caution - this is not fast food.  Masterly trained and former disciple of Joel Robuchon, Chef Sheridan is perfecting art by steaming each indivdual bun and combinging the sauces, meat fillings and other tastiness.  While you're waiting you can scope out the scenary and even perhaps set up your next hair appointment in their salon.I am definitely a fan of Great Bao - so much that I will be leaving shortly for my third trip.............in the same day!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,1/20/2012,44,155,6,11,7>I cannot wait to go back to DW Bistro. It is surely one of the top 10 dining experiences in Las Vegas, and I say that as a person with unusual prejudices toward the color orange (DW Bistro's design scheme is centered in shades of orange) and an iffy attitude toward strip mall locations.I knew things were going to be grand the moment the host urged us to "Come on in." I was expecting hipster/trendy, and that's there in its best qualities, but the warm hospitality and neat-but-casual appearance of the other diners put me at ease right away. In fact, I was so at ease that I didn't mind sitting at a table in the middle of the cozy room (the more secluded seats were all taken), and usually I prefer to wait until something more intimate is available.I started with the signature salad. The server (the kind of guy who can be completely professional and personable without being snooty or in your face) advised me that the salad was large, that in fact all of their portions are very large, but my husband agreed to share it so I ordered it as well as the vegetable curry.In the dramatic words of George Takei, "OH MYYYYY!"How good was this salad? So. Good. The caramelized pecans were a revelation. (Until this salad, my husband thought he disliked pecans. If they hadn't been so generously used in the salad, I would've had to fight him for the last one.) The tangy goat cheese! The juicy orange segments! The crisp-but-complex field greens that were lightly but thoroughly dressed with vinaigrette! And mmm, the little red pepper bits.No two bites were alike as I tried positioning the flavors in all possible combinations. For the first time ever, I reluctantly had to put the last bits of salad to the side so I'd have room to enjoy the main course.What wasn't helping, I might add, were the delicious bread selections I made from the roving server with the bread basket. I chose pretzel bread and a sort of Jamaican beer bread, and while they were both great, the pretzel bread put all previous pretzel bread tastings to shame. (In fact, I went to Bon Breads at Town Square a few days later just because I read that they supply bread to DW Bistro.)I had asked before ordering what "seasonal vegetables" were in the vegetable curry. I'm not a broccoli/cauliflower person, and that seems to be what I get when I order anything with "seasonal vegetables." (And this is why I will *never* order vegetable fajitas in this town again.)Well, the kitchen talents at DW Bistro could've put a whole broccoli head into my curry and it would've been a lip-smacker, I'm sure, but what I ended up enjoying was a selection of green beans, peppers, squash, and I completely forget what else (red cabbage?) because it all folded together in the fragrant (so, SO fragrant) sauce with savory, large-grain couscous into a heavenly concoction that made actually putting my spoon down between bites a challenge. (But I would do it just to take another deep breath of the amazing aromas again.)The host came by again to make sure all was well, although I think he could read our ecstatic faces just fine. Later I learned (hello Google!) that this was Bryce, co-owner of the restaurant. Byrce was friendly and pleased to chat a little about DW Bistro's desire for everyone to have a good time. He truly gets the meaning of "host" - a good host doesn't just greet you, send you to your table, and thank you as you leave. A good host makes you feel welcomed and makes sure you'll want to come back again.We asked for the dessert menu, despite full bellies, because with appetizers and main courses like ours, we couldn't leave the sweet side unexplored, even if it meant that it would have to be enjoyed at home. Bryce gave us the verbal rundown, and we decided on chocolate cake and red velvet cake.I didn't really get to try much of the chocolate cake because it was pretty much gone by the time I finished my red velvet cake the next day. (My husband isn't into red velvet, so that hefty slice was mine.) I can say, though, that the red velvet was moist and flavorful with the most delicious light-yet-rich frosting. The little berry accompaniments just added extra oomphs of mouth appeal.Screech - wait! I forgot all about the macaroni and cheese with truffle oil that we got on the side! It was good, but we just didn't have room for it, so it came home. I didn't think the flavors were as good out of context and after a night in the refrigerator, but it was creamy and decadent when I took a few bites during the meal proper.The dinner menu really only has the vegetable curry for a vegetarian main course (although there are appetizers and plenty of sides - can't wait to try the sauteed corn with Spanish onions), but the lunch menu has a vegetable burger that I'm penciling in for my next weekday off, if the brunch menu doesn't lure me in first.And so I'll say it again: I can't wait to get back to DW Bistro. Don't wait as long as we did to make your first visit here.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,1/19/2012,410,224,5,16,14>This is a hard review to write.  Not because I don't know what to say, or how to say it.  No, this is a hard review to write because all I will be thinking about for the rest of the day is The Las Vegas Grille's BBQ.  After trying Phil's homemade sausages, I feel like every sausage I've had up to this point has been a lie.  These are the links you've been looking for.The sausages here are truly homemade, from the grinding to the smoking.  Phil, Las Vegas Grille's owner, has absolute control over his final product.  The first half of the equation is what to put inside the sausage.  The other half is the wood he uses to smoke the meat.  It may be cliche to say "quality over quanity," but it totally applies here!  The easy way out would be to throw all of your different meats into the smoker, and cook them all at the same time, which would give a similar flavor profile to all the meats.  Instead, Phil takes care to pair each meat with a specific type of wood and smoke them separately.  Longer process?  Yes.  More unique and distinct flavors?  Absolutely!My favorites have been the Thai Curry sausage and the Sundried Tomato sausage.  Yes, they really do taste like curry and sundried tomatoes, and have an awesome smoked flavor as well.  In my pre-LVG life I would have said that sausages came in two varieties: plain or spicy.  Phil has opened the door to artisan sausages, and there is no turning back.  Sausage sandwiches?  Not no more.  You don't need bread interfering with what these sausages offer. You can also order combos and get different meats for your meal.  On my most recent visit I went with a 2-meat 1-side combo for $9.99: Thai Curry Sausage, Sirloin with red wine sauce, and herb roasted potatoes (yelp.com/biz_photos/DO3F).  The sirloin was oh so tender and came with a swiss and horseradish aioli.  I found myself using a lot of the aioli, as the red wine sauce on the sirloin was a bit sweet for my tastes.Excellent experience all around.  Friendly service that will walk you through the menu.  Be sure to talk to Phil to truly see what makes this place so special.  One of his newest menu items are smoked chicken wings, which I haven't tried yet.  Looks like I'll be making another trip to The Las Vegas Grille real soon...
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2011,1/18/2012,342,580,6,10,11>It had been several months since I visited Metro Pizza, and the first time I was prepared to review it.  I hoped it was as good as my previous visits.  In the most important respect--food--it was.  But in other ways the structure and operations need some overhaul.First off, the front door was broken.  It was easy to know this since two hand-drawn signs on white pasteboard announced this on the broken door.  It would be far better to just fix it and take off the signs!  The restaurant looked nice from a distance all decked out for Christmas, including a lighted tree.  But our table in the auxiliary room was so wobbly that I had to keep my foot on the base to keep all steady--at which point I noticed massive chips of paint missing on the concrete floor that long ago had been painted red.  It is time for another coat!Complimentary bread and pats of butter were an excellent combination.  The bread looked Italian but tasted like doughy sourdough.  Very nice--although with all the food to come it surely was not needed!   I ordered Minestrone Soup but a dinner salad arrived first.  Our server had warned me that the soup took more time so would come after the salad.  But I didn't quite understand the meaning of this.  I thought serving the soup would be merely dipping in the ladle and pouring it into a waiting bowl.  Not here!The dinner salad, which comes with some dishes and can be ordered separately with others, was very good, graced by Metro Pizza's house dressing, a homemade spicy tomato-based Italian dressing good enough to be sold in unlabeled plastic containers and bought for a trip home by my Italian-American friends after we finished our dinner.  I almost bought a bottle myself but opted for frozen Dark Chocolate Gelato instead.  The salad itself consisted of fresh and chilled mixed greens, cucumbers, tomato, red onion, and carrot shavings.  Very tasty!But the surprise hit of the evening for me was the Minestrone Soup that I thought had been forgotten 10 minutes after I had finished my salad and there was still no sign of the soup.  Just as I was about to hail my waiter, he came to our table hoisting a lovely large bowl of steaming soup chockfull of ingredients.  It had cut carrots, cauliflower florets, lima beans, garbanzo beans, kidney beans, Italian green beans, cut Rigatoni, sprinklings of fresh basil, gooey melted Mozzarella Cheese, and a few croutons that quickly dissolved in the spicy tomato-based broth.  The whole conglomeration was very hot, clearly made largely from scratch--not just sitting idle in a pot--and quite delicious.  It was a highlight of the meal, and would have been THE highlight if the pizza and pasta to come had not been so darned good, tooAfter years of regularly eating complete 15" pizzas about once a week through my thirties, now to keep cholesterol under some control I limit myself to eat a whole pizza just once every two months.  Seriously, even though pizza has long been one of my favorite foods!  I certainly cheat with a slice here and there in the interim, but not with a whole pie.  In college I once won a fraternity pizza eating contest (1 hot slice consumed in 15 seconds), and even now am quite capable of devouring a whole medium pie in one sitting.  So, you can imagine that I am choosy about where I will eat pizza.  I can't afford to draw a charred clunker when I just have six pizzas a year.  I will try new places but they have to be highly recommended by persons whose judgment in food I trust--like Yelp friends.  For that reason, I will be trying the pizza at the not so secret and not so unknown place at the Cosmopolitan soon.  But in the meantime,  Metro Pizza is on my short list, along with Biaggio's.  And, the large slice of Ham Pizza with extra cheese that I snatched from my wife's pizza (with forewarning) was in fine form:   cheesy, saucy, and with tasty mild ham resting on perfectly cooked dough with a totally uncharred bottom and a nicely browned crust.When my pasta arrived, it, too, looked lovely with sauteed fresh mushrooms spread over the saucy sauce.  It also looked huge--enough for two or three diners easy.  But, dig as I might with the large spoon provided, the dish was sans meatballs.  I found my server to remedy this significant oversight, and he quickly brought two cooked meatballs to the table that were bathed in Marinara Sauce.  This gave me an opportunity to sample the Marinara Sauce, and it was just as I like it best: hot, saucy, and very mild.  The authentic Italian meatballs, which only come as a pair, were also very good: dense, heat hot, and very tasty.  I flipped one onto my overflowing mound of Spaghetti & Meat Sauce with Mushrooms, and ate as much as I could.  The Spaghetti was nicely cooked, and the Meat Sauce tasted like a fine Bolognese.  For once I was happy to be taking home what felt like 3 pounds of leftovers for I don't know how many successive lunches.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,1/17/2012,216,391,6,11,8>Guess who stole Christmas??  ME!!   Well not really but at my Christmas party I did.  Everyone at my Christmas potluck party was just floored at the magnificant taste of the olive oil/vinagrette combo I had out.  People thought I was crazy when I put down I was bringing only bread.I'm sorry Macaroni Grill but your oil/vinegar/bread comes in second now that I've discovered this gem at Tivoli Village.  Thanks Yelp shopping crawl!  The owners at this shop are very nice.  They allow generous samples of almost, if not all, of thier olive oils and balsamic vinegars!  They know so much about their product that they can recommend any vinegar or oil to pair with just about anything!  So don't be afraid to ask which pair would be perfect together!During my last stop here (I've been here three times now), I asked what they would pair for a Christmas party.  I ended up choosing the Italian Herb Olive Oil and Bergamot Lemon Balsamic Vinegar.  It was gone faster than any dish that people brought, and hell yea we used some to re-fire the chicken and dressed the buckets of Olive Garden salad someone brought!The bottles are tall and will last awhile, and the flavors you get is definitely worth the price.  Just like Maria A., I got olive oil/vinegar wasted here, I tested almost all of them that I could handle and I know you'll do the same so be prepared for that.  And I've had this place on my radar since Krista N. first wrote about it but now I know I shouldn't have hesitated about coming here before.  The lady at the counter also told me that they ship out bottles, cool!  So far, I've picked up 4 balsamic vinegars and 3 olive oils here and they've all been fantastic.A pair of olive oil/vinagrette from here is really a perfect gift, you can even add your favorite recipe that can accompany your chosen products.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,1/16/2012,93,649,6,13,13>After living in Las Vegas for over 5 years, I finally made it out to Springs Preserve with my husband and his mother one sunny Sunday afternoon. I had been wanting to go for a while and was happy to finally have a good excuse to do so. The park has special events throughout the year, I hope to make it to the Brews and Blues Festival this summer (a friendly employee informed us that it will be held June 4th this year ). The weekend we went they were having a plant sale in the garden area, and there was also a falconry show. Tickets for one-time admissions run around $10 for local adults, $19 for non-local adults and $5 for kids from 5-17 (younger children are free). They do offer a military discount, as well as yearly memberships that seem like a smarter way to go if you plan on going back. There are cheaper ways to spend an afternoon in Las Vegas but most will not be as educational yet still fun as an afternoon here.If I had children, I would bring them here all of the time. I thought the Trading Post was a great way to get kids to learn more about nature by allowing them to bring in things they find while they are out and about and trade them for other goodies. There were numerous exhibits for children to play with as well as ones adults could learn from as well. We checked out the movie about how Hoover Dam was built and were surprised to learn some things about water consumption in the valley. We noticed the month of March was all about mining, and they had an area where you could pan for gold. April is all about gardening and the different shows and exhibits will be changing to go along with the monthly theme. Knowing this makes me want to go back regularly to see what is new.For both visitors and locals alike the Spring Preserve is worth at least one visit.. It's a nice way to see where Vegas came from and where it is going...
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,1/15/2012,172,155,3,11,8>I was tipped off by a friend who heard from Ichiza's chef that this new ramen spot was worth a try.  Cute anime themed waitresses, ramen, and even a Thai dish or too.  We had to try it!Feeling in a spicy mood, I ordered the tom yum with ramen noodles.  I also ordered the California rolls.  I heard that the owner, or someone associated with the owner, used to own one of the Thai restaurants in town.  I was quite surprised at how tasty my tom yum was!  I expected it to have more of a Japanese slant on this classic Thai dish, but surprisingly it was pretty much Thai style.  Lemongrass, galanga root, and basil.  The broth had a nice, savory flavor with a slight tang to it.  The ramen noodles were good in this tom yum, which I guess actually did give it a Japanese twist.  My friend thought that the noodles were slightly overcooked, but I didn't detect anything like that in mine.  I ordered a level 8 spice level, and the waitress thought I was a crazy white guy.  Well, for me the level was more like a 5.  Still good stuff though!The California rolls were generous in size.  They were tasty, perhaps not the best tasting CA rolls I have ever had, but a great appetizer.  My friend did like his Tonkotsu, but he felt that the noodles and Chashu are better at 'that other ramen place'.  I would maybe say that the ramen is just a different style, and perhaps healthier than 'that other ramen place'.  I had fun here, and I would like to go again.  The service was very friendly, although perhaps a bit inexperienced.  Our waitress had a tough time splitting our check between 8 or so people.  Still, she constantly checked up on us and even struck up some casual conversation.  She was definitely serious about her job, and cute too... hard to find that combination in this town!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,1/14/2012,821,451,6,14,12>More than adequate staffing level at present, all chefs/cooks visible in the kitchen speak Japanese, the menu is possibly unique here in Las Vegas (aside from the sister restaurant Kabuki).  The minimalistic ambiance of this small restaurant just works for me. And if you want to photo-document your meal, sit at the "pasta bar" counter, the lighting there is adequate for simple food photography needs.So Down to business.  A group of Yelpers were actually at the plaza where this new restaurant is located at last night (Monday), which is currently their only day off.  So I decided I was going to check them out the next evening after work.  As the chef, possibly the owner, handed us their business cards and a few menu (he was at the restaurant with a few others).When I arrived at 7:30pm on Tuesday, the place had 4 tables occupied already, and I am pretty sure that everyone there, except yours truly, was a native Japanese.  I considered that a positive indicator for seeking authentic Japanese style rendition of Western cuisine.The menu is pretty simple, pastas are on the specials board, while appetizers,salads, chef's special dishes are on a 2-sided menu. The dessert menu also offers some Western desserts with a Japanese twist. Menu prices are mostly in the $teens, but can quickly add up to a meal costing $30-40+ per person.On my inaugural visit, I tried the Miso Carbonara for main course #1 and Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style for main course #2.  The  Miso Carbonara pasta dish was good, the flavor is obviously different from traditional Italian Carbonara pasta dishes, but the sauce was creamy with a mild flavor.  I personally would prefer the pieces of bacon to be cooked a bit more, but that is a personal preference of mine.  Check out the picture I posted if you are interested in trying out this item. yelp.com/biz_photos/6H8xFlavor: 3.5 stars. Presentation: 3.5 stars. Value: 3 stars.Since I was still hungry, I went and ordered the Kurobuta Tonkatsu "Nakamura-Ya" Style from the Chef's Special Dishes portion of the menu.  It is a very delicious and juicy tonkatsu (fried pork cutlet) that is served with a tomato sauce, an asparagus, watercress, a button mushroom cut upand awedgeoflemon as garnish.  The only thing I thought was missing was a starch component to the entree, like rice pilaf or something.  Then again, maybe the roll that is served with the meal is meant to serve that role.  yelp.com/biz_photos/6H8xFlavor: 5 stars. Presentation: 3 stars.  Value: 3 stars.For dessert I had the Soy Milk Panna Cotta "Okinawa Black Sugar" Sauce for $5.95, but the Black Sesame Blanc Manger also looks very interesting on the menu.  The Panna Cotta was pretty good, I like the flavor, although the texture seems a bit firmed (like too much gelatin was used) to me. However, the Okinawa Black Sugar Sauce was the key component that makes this dessert.  The dessert is probably prepared by savory chefs, as some basic pastry chef attention to detail was amissed (utilized sprig of mint that had clear signs of pest feeding on the leaf as a very noticeable garnish just seems careless, and something that can easily be prevented). yelp.com/biz_photos/6H8xAnyway, I like this new addition to the Las Vegas restaurant scene, and can see myself paying the occasional visit when I am in the mood.Location: In the same plaza as Raku, Monta Ramen, Big Won, Soul Oak Korean BBQ.  Very accessible if you are near the Chinatown area.Parking:  3/5  Could easily gets crowded, but not filled to capacity where you have to look for nearby street parking.Ambiance:  4.5/5  I like the execution of the interior decor and the lighting (dim in the main dining area, and well lite at the "pasta bar"counter.Service:  4.5/5  Pleasant service by a small squad of friendly waitresses.Value:  3.5/5  Not a cheap meal, but I do think you get what you pay for, plus there is not much competition for this kind of cuisine in Las Vegas at the moment.Flavor:  4 stars overall, some dishes and items are executed better than others.  But the balance of flavor that is not too overpowering, and compliments the components of the dish is what will make you go back for more.4 stars!  Bravo and welcome to Las Vegas Trattoria Nakamura-Ya!!!Note:  They do accept AMEX.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,1/13/2012,151,137,8,10,8>I went to Soyo with the Yelp Elites after an Elite Event. I have driven past this place a couple hundred times and never would have thought about stopping in if it hadn't the official after Event dinner spot.Soyo isn't very large, but they were able to handle our group of around 20 without much trouble. The place is much different than the other korean places I've dined (most have been AYCE). The meal started with some cold Roasted Barley Tea, which wasn't really too great IMO (a little too smokey), but I'm always open to try something new, and the waiter later brought me water with a pitcher to refill my glass.The menu isn't the biggest in town (around 50 items), but everything I tried was really really good.I am a Korean Food rookie and stick with what I know, The Bulgogi, and I can say it was without a doubt the best bulgogi I've had in vegas. The meat was tender, the veggies were crisp, the sauce was flavorful but not overbearing, and the hot clay pot it was served in was a nice touch. I will be going back for this dish alone, however that was not the crowning jewel of the evening.One part of the Korean eating experience (and it goes double when you are with yelpers) is sharing. I got to try a bunch of items I would never had ordered on my own.Their Dumplings were amazing, I am slowly trying my best to eat vegas out of dumplings, and these were nothing short of yummy!  I also tried the Fish Cake Soup, and while it wasn't what I had in mind (how do ribbons of fish count as cake?), it was surprisingly good.But the Dish that stole the night was Budae Jjigae, I am going to be honest I have never heard of Budae Jjigae before, and without this trip and the brave souls who ordered it, I may never have. It's a stew that consists of random meats married with ramen noodles, and served boiling hot in a spicy (but not too hot) sauce. The meats in the Budae Jjigae served last night appeared to be Spam, Hot Dogs, Vienna Sausages, and possibly more. I have a feeling after my diet is completed I will be doing my best to finish an order or two of Budae Jjigae!The Ban Chan were all pretty good, the rice was your standard white rice, the raddish was really good, and the Kim Chi was nice (I prefer mine cooked rather than cold however).One thing I did learn, when they say Spicy on the menu at a Korean Resturant they mean SPICY!!! One Yelper ordered the Spicy Pork Ribs, I tried a piece of cabbage with the Spicy Sauce and think I burnt a layer of taste buds off my tounge!I really like the set up at Soyo, the service was great, the food was amazing, and the atmosphere is pretty fun, and after a while the Kpop music grows on you.Oh and they have 2 tiny arcade consoles that looked pretty fun, but I was afraid to play as they looked like I could break them by just looking at them funny, yet alone playing them.Kudos Soyo I will be back
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,1/11/2012,264,264,6,10,9>Finally! Somewhere in Las Vegas that I can get brunch, besides my own kitchen!  Now, I know what you're thinking: Jen - isn't brunch mainly an excuse to swig bloody Mary's and/or Mimosas and be drunk before 2pm? doesn't being vegan and not able to eat anything besides dry toast and fruit make that easier?  Well, yes.  You got me there.  But sometimes, I actually want a little protein or maybe a waffle too/instead.  Is that so much to ask? Apparently so.Until now.  I'm gonna be honest.  I had tried some of Chef Mayra's catered food before at events and had not been blown away.  They were fine, always just a bit bland.  Not so with the brunch! Fortunately I went with three friends, so we just got one of everything on the brunch menu and shared.  I'm usually not a big fan of sweet/carb-y breakfast food, but the waffles and french toast were outstanding.  OMFG, that chocolate waffle.  It was like the most delicate delicious brownie... I don't know if I could eat a whole one, but 1/4 was the perfect breakfast dessert.  I also loved the regular waffle and the sausage with peppers that came with the French toast! The only thing that I wasn't crazy about was the breakfast burrito.  It was a bit cold, with unmelted Daiya cheese, and the flavor profile just didn't hit me right.  But the side of beans that came with ..... damn.  One of the best things I've tasted in awhile!  I admit I probably took more than my fair share... Great coffee, with lots of different flavors of coconut milk creamer.  And the ultimate in refreshment - citrus cucumber water. Yum.We had very attentive service, the chef even came out and spoke to us personally.  Our total bill for 4 with coffees, an entree and fancy waters was under $60.  We all left completely stuffed and quite happy.Can't wait to come back and try the lunch menu; if it's as good as my favorites on the brunch menu, I'll probably round this up to 5 stars.  So thrilled to have an organic, all vegan place that's close to home!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,1/10/2012,329,268,5,11,9>A great find! My husband ordered the chicken Parmesan and escargot and the meal came with a side order of spaghetti.  Our amazing server Tracy new we were going to split the meal but when it came out you would of thought that we both ordered the same dish since the portions were enormous.   The place had a very romantic feel to it at dinner time as the lights were dim but very warm and just added to the experience. We then completed our experience with a very satisfying cappuccino accompanied by a delicious cannoli Kahlua pound cake.  I can't wait to come back
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,1/9/2012,243,421,4,15,6>After reading mixed reviews for Moxie, I was a bit hesitant.  However, I figured I could just try it out and review it for myself.I arrived half an hour early for my appointment.  I was immediately greeted by a friendly receptionist, who offered me a beverage.  While I sat down on a contemporary sofa sipping my chai tea from a white, clean porcelain teacup, my eyes scanned the salon.  Very stylish, modern, very clean...good sign.  Time flew by quick because next thing I know, my stylist came to greet me.  She was so friendly and her hair looked great...another good sign.  I came in w/nothing in mind so I took her recommendation.  Then I walked over to the shampoo area where another person (very stylish as well) conditioned my hair.  He was super friendly and gave me a heads up that he will be using cold water since the treatment calls for it.  I liked the fact that they have good communication skills.After that, Ama started cutting my hair.  Constantly, others would sweep the chopped hair away to ensure that the area is clean.  She even showed me how to achieve a beach wavy look if I don't feel like wearing it straight.  I really liked how it looked on me.  Was very effortless for a nice look.Although she said that it will only take me 20 mins to do, I think that's 20 mins longer to get ready for work.  I would probably use this technique for special events or something.  Regardless, it was awesome of Ama to take her time and teach me how to get a new look with mousse and a curling iron.  She is very knowledgeable and helpful.  I would definitely come back to Ama.Overall, this is one of the best salon experience that I had, from the moment I walked into the salon, until I stepped out.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,1/7/2012,76,115,7,13,10>I've had Bar + Bistro bookmarked for about a year. Finally went two weeks ago and have been there three times since.I highly suggest ordering a latte with breakfast. A fabulous surprise was the crispy pancakes. There are about five items on the breakfast menu. The omelet was okay. I probably wouldn't revisit it.The steak salad at lunch is wonderful. For $12 you get a filling assortment of pumpkin seeds, blue cheese, eggs, avocado, tomatoes, and grilled steak. For dinner I tried their version of sorullitos. Holy cow. This is the reason I returned twice. These things are the distant, beautiful cousins to the ones you get in Puerto Rico. The cousin everyone wants, but no one can have, because, well, it's family and that'd be wrong. But here, it's okay. Eat the corny fried thing with the secret spicy sauce. Guess the thing that puts Bar + Bistro above the rest is the atmosphere. It's real. Authentic. It has hurricane furniture, the kind that doesn't move when a storm hits because it's the real deal, welded together by an artist. My dad welds. Service can be spotty but I don't mind because I've got stars in my eyes.Bar + Bistro is what community tastes like, looks like.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,1/6/2012,358,399,7,10,8>Another classic NY Pizzeria spreading  a little love in Las Vegas ??!! A W E S O M E After reading about DeMarco's on Yelp and just a few weeks after my recent trip to NYC where I did partake in a landmark  pizzeria ( Lombardi's ) , while getting my sweat on at the gym all I could think was , what time does DeMarco's close !?Big surprise - cut the work out short , get out to my car and call in my order, " if you can get here in fifteen minutes ...". Hell yeah I can get there in fifteen !Order small pizza with pepperoni and  sausage ( $11 ) and an order of Grandma's meatballs $12 Pick it up and 20 minutes back home ... Food smells great - even before i get home,  i smell the basil , the pepperoni , of course I open the box and take a chunk of the crust - has a nice crunch, a little "yeasty" but I like it.  Sauce has a nice tang, it was cheesier than I expected but , again, it works for me.  The slight flaw is how they spread the pepperoni and sausage - both toppings tasted good but how hard is it to spread it evenly.  Overall, an awesome pizza.  I give it higher marks than Grimaldi's.The meatballs were also impressive - might be a little pricey for what you get but man, they sure brought back memories of Mama's meatballs and yet a notch above my dear mama's sauce . I'm thinking i need a few more visits before i compare DeMarco's with Lombardi's, yes, I definitely need to do much more research !pic added
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,1/5/2012,140,148,1,16,9>I'm kind of addicted to hot dogs, and Buldogis just opened right next to my favorite neighborhood bar (Chicago Brewery).  Can it get any better?  Well, yeah.  The hot dogs are actually really good, and the prices are very reasonable.  The menu has a ton of options, focusing mainly on Korean style dogs, and classic dogs (all priced just under $5).  You can even create your own.  The toppings include pulled pork, sauerkraut, bulgogi, pork belly, shredded cheese, and many more.  Tons of sauce choices too  (there were almost 10 different mayo flavors to choose from).  There are also salads, wraps, wings, a corn dog, a vegan dog, and fries.  The classic fries were delicious, and a great portion for $2.  We tried the angry kimchi fries as well, and those were just crazy.  A whole box of fries topped with shredded cheese, pork bulgogi, kimchi, and a fried egg ($5).  Delicious, and very indulgent.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,1/4/2012,49,39,4,10,9>The name is Bond... James Bond. Bond... hip, bold, high-tech, trendy, cool and all those great adjectives you can think to describe it. It does have this different "swag" from other lounge bars in Vegas.The vibe is satisfying, energetic and pleasing to anyone that walks in to enjoy a specialty drink, music and the joyful ambience.Bond is a lounge bar done right. The LED lighting visuals are well put together. On the wall window above facing the Strip, you will find sexually stimulating go go dancers dancing for any close observer which comes with plenty of lounge seating so come in and watch them perform their craft.Bond is one of my top 5 bars on the Strip. It makes for a nice pit stop to chill before heading to Marquee or a Cirque du Soleil show etcBelieve this guys, many sexy women are found walking all over Cosmopolitan and it's places like Bond and Marquee that attracts them there. Am I right girls? Yup, I'm right. Now I'll end this by saying... Ve disfruta con Bond.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,1/3/2012,222,164,4,8,6>Rich's team did it, again!  I did a complete level 2 detail (Interior and Exterior detail).  Got my baby back yesterday and her exterior is super shiny and slick and the interior is spotless, dust free, dirt free!  My car is OLD.  2004 old, but after the detail, she is almost like new, again!The process:-  The consult:  Christian greeted me straight away to do a walk through of expect after the detail and also asked me questions of what I need specific work on.  He also offered extra options without sounding too pushy.-  The detail:  Dropped off the car for about half a day for COMPLETE level 2 detail-  The pickup:  Rich has his guys walk with you around the car at pick up to make sure that you are satisfied with the final product before you pay. Tip:  Rich will remind you to take all of your stuff out of your car to make it easier for his detailers.  Don't forget your glove compartment, too!Conclusion:   If you care about your baby's paint, don't let those "other" car washes run their dirt laden towels all over it.  Rich and his team are detailers that you can trust.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,1/2/2012,274,107,5,9,5>Bobo China baby! Fresh! Tasty! Generous! Wok! Fantastic service!!! I have eaten here many times, take out and dine in! Is great either way! I love my FREE cup of egg drop soup while I am waiting for my takeout order! Garlic chicken is really good! Crab Rangoons! MMMMM Yes order these tasty critters as an addition to your meal! They also have great dinner combos that include, a jumbo fried shrimp, egg roll and crab rangoon! Can't go wrong! Filling for a great price! I have to thank my Yelper sis Nikki H. for introducing me to this great find! Great food and great service every time I visit, you can't go wrong! You will be hooked once you try it!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2011,1/1/2012,4974,721,8,11,9>An out of town buddy of mine was getting killed at the 21 tables on the strip so we went downtown for a change of pace and possibly luck. Fremont always ends up turning into an unofficial bar crawl and that was absolutely the case here. This was probably the 3rd stop (give or take 4 drinks or so) of the evening. I hadn't been inside the Gold Spike for years and was totally blown away at how well Siegel had redone the place. They also had an offer for $10 in free slot play w/ a qualifying 10 pts ($10 coin in video poker) and a $5 match play coupon for blackjack just for signing up for a players card. Gotta love cheap 3 to 2 blackjack with speedy cocktail waitresses. There was a 10pm raffle for 2 prizes of $50 and one for $150. The pit boss couldn't find the casino microphone so he was just yelling ticket numbers from the pit. Unintentional comedy at its finest. You also get crazier than usual tablemates in the pit. One guy sat at the table completely sober and just annihilated himself with liquor and within 30 minutes he was doubling down on 12 and 13 EVERY time. It was hard not to cry laughing. I won, my buddy continued losing..on to the next place!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,12/31/2011,83,599,10,15,13>Wow!  Yelp comes through again!  I've driven past this place on the 215 quite a few times but couldn't be bothered to figure out how to get to it.  Then I had a meeting in a very confusing office complex off of West Sunset and, viola, there it is!  I had to try it.It was breakfast time so I got the omelet sandwich in a freshly baked croissant and a funky monkey blended drink, which is a mocha drink with banana.  They even did it decaf!  The funky monkey was delicious and the omelet was a nice surprise.  Spinach, a variety of flavorful cheeses, extremely yummy.I love that the owners speak to each other in French.  Gives the place a certain je nais se quoi, you know what I mean?  I'll definitely be going out of my way to visit this place again.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,12/30/2011,218,93,11,9,7>I feel like a wild bachelor when I'm at Diamond Bakery, probably due to diverse selection of baked goodies, probably one of the best in Vegas Asian Bakeries.  There are salted baked goods, sweet baked goods, pastries, cake slices, buns, rolls, and a number of breads.  I don't have to make a decision what I like or what I want to commit to... the plethora of inexpensive products on display within touch allows me to be promiscuous.I got a few different choices, all across the board, to give Diamond bakery a fair judgment (says the bachelor to his friend as they enter the bar).  Taro bun was a good size and tasted all right but could use a tad bit more taro and sweetness (a busty blond: easy on the eyes and good in theory but one try is good enough).  Green onion roll with pork sung looked okay but was actually very delicious and the right amount of saltiness (a career brunette: definitely on for a second date).  BBQ pork bun looked freshly buttered but the meat was a bit too fatty (long-haired red-head: an instant double-take but could be high-maintenance in large doses).There is nothing from Diamond Bakery I'm quite in love with... but that's ok.  It's what dating is all about, variety is the spice in life, even more so in baked goods.  And supposedly they'll even have the elusive Buche de Noel for Christmas (can you say twins?)
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,12/29/2011,224,164,4,9,6>Alright! Everyone is a winner when Tacos El Gordo opens up a new location on the strip. Whether you're a tourist, drunk late at night, a poor college student, or just simply looking for a quick and affordable meal. Actually if you're staying at a casino on Tropicana and walking is your means of transportation then.. sorry, sucks to be you, but at least you have Earl of Sandwich at the Planet Hollywood. HOWEVERRR if you're a beast and can walk 4 blocks or so in triple digit heat then you indulge yourself by all means.Why I love Tacos El Gordo:1. Corn tortillas that are slightly fried before you get them2. The asada is cooked when you order it (or at least in my experiences). That deserves a high five.3. ALL-YOU-CAN-DRINK HORCHATA for $1.40? Don't mind if I do.4. The spicy pork shawarma (adobada) looking thing, most definitely the star of the establishment. There is a slice of pineapple sitting on top of it, leaking all of its delicious juices into the delicious spicy pork. Plus you get a slice on pineapple added to the taco. 5. Plenty of meat is given, along with the onions, peppers, and green sauce (I'm not sure if its guacamole or not). 6. The bathroom is CLEAN! Be honest, you know how most cheap eats don't have the cleanest bathroom.They also have beef head (Cabeza), beef tongue (lengua), and tripe I believe. No chicken just in case you're wondering. Lastly aside from the tacos they have asada or adobada fries ($10), tortas ($4), and quesadillas ($4). All the essentials to a drunk meal.Random note: 3 tacos @ $2.00 each plus one drink comes out to be $7.99 after tax
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,12/28/2011,1362,984,,15,8>Island Style Restaurant #2 is located in the food court of the Greenland Supermarket and they hail from the original Island Style restaurant on West Sahara.The Mom and I headed to Greenland for lunch and did a tour to check out each place to see what interested us.  They shouted their wares and specials, hoping to hook us in.  Island Style was our last stop, and for some reason, the Mom was more interested in what they had to offer.She was eyeing the Bibimbap for $7.95, and I mentioned that the Husband likes that dish too, but with the stone pot version.  We inquired and found out their Dolsat Bibimbap was $8.95.  (She wasn't very familiar with the dish.)  As I pondered what to get, an order of fried dumplings were placed in front of us for another customer.  The Mom was immediately impressed by it and the smart guy at the counter pointed out that you get the dumplings for free if your order was $20 or more.  Of course, that easily sold us and we added the Kalbi Plate ($12.95) to our lunch to get that order of dumplings!We took a seat nearby and waited for our order.  The order of 10 dumplings were ready first, and they do usually go for $5.95.  It was piping hot and we loved the extra crispy texture.  It was filled with pork and noodles.  Two banchan were given to us as well - kim chee daikon and kim chee cabbage.The Dolsot Bibimbap came with a side of soup, and it was definitely a generous portion.  We ate as much as we could and packed the leftovers.The Kalbi Plate came with mac salad and rice, and I enjoyed the tasty beef - lots of flavor indeed.  We also had leftovers of this dish too.The Husband ended up getting all the leftovers for lunch today and he was a bit skeptical about the bibimbap (sans the hot pot).  However, upon arriving home this evening, he proclaimed that the bibimbap was very good and the kalbi tasted really good for leftovers.  Overall, sounds like everyone was happy with Island Style - and they make for good leftovers too! Aloha Promotion: Free soda with meal (mandu and spam musubi excluded) or free mandu (dumplings) with purchase of $20 or more.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,12/27/2011,212,67,8,12,8>We kept hearing about Babycakes from our friends that live out around Summerlin or Lower Utah area LOL and because of the distance we put them off. But, we were around the area running errands and found some time to see what everyone was hooting and hollering about. I'm glad we did.We walked in around 11:30 and it was semi crowded. We got seated quickly and service was quick. Right away someone took our drink order and also brought our daughter a kids menu and crayons (that was very important). My daughter also noticed the decor, especially the 2 huge butterflies on each side of the beautiful flat screen that was on ESPN. I really liked that decor...not the butterflies but the ESPN. They also put up the kids Babycakes menu colorings all around the restaurants. You can also see the cooking area, it is small but they churn out ONO grindz!This was our 1st time but we've heard enough through our friends and  Yelpizzles on what we should try. My wife ordered the Cowboy omelette which was pretty big and ordered their new Rock Road Pancakes. I ordered the Kalua Pig benedict.~RR pancakes. Our kids loved it and what kid wouldn't. The chocolate pancakes were fluffy and loaded with mini marshmallows, choco syrup, slivered almonds, and topped with whipped cream. They also have other pancakes which you can get in full or short stacks. ( we'll try these next time)-Red Velvet-S'Mores-PB & Jelly-Lemon Ricotta-Carrot Cake-Bacon Pancakes-Whole Wheat~Cowboy omelette-  For $9.95 she got good size 4 egg omelette with ham, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheddar cheese. And you can get either toast or get 3 buttermilk pancakes. You can also upgrade the pancakes to any of the above.~Kalua Pig Benedict was really good. I've had this before at other restaurants and they get thumbs down, but Babycakes does it right. The Kalua Pig-shredded pork has a nice smokey flavor and not too salty is served on a toasted English muffin, topped w poached eggs, and a nice hollandaise sauce (they don't slather it on...It was just on the eggs). They also put a bit of sauteed cabbage on the tender Kalua pig which added a nice crunch. You might think to yourself "Why cabbage?" In Hawaii we grew up eating a dish called Kalua Pig and Cabbage, it was an easy and delicious home cooked meal. This a favorite in my book.I saw the person next to me order the Loco Moco and i wanted to reach over and snake a bite from him. But, my wife said don't do it. This will be my next choice.Babycakes is worth the drive and the wait. We've been here once and it won't be our last. But, we do have a message to Babycakes owners....Babycakes please make your way to GVR area...PLEASE!! A Hui Ho
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,12/26/2011,104,100,5,9,8>I love it when locally owned and operated restaurants survive in LV.   The place is absolutely cute with their huge flowers spinning from the ceiling and the servers in their pajamas.  This is one of my favorite spots to do breakfast on the weekends.   Everyone I bring here raves about the place too. The food is really good.  Some of the notable things I've had here include:- Chicken Fried Steak (Thick and delicious gravy.  Steak might be a little too thickly battered.  Feel a little guilty eating it =)  Tasty hash browns on the side)- Two Egg Breakfast (Think grand slam, but much tastier!  Not crazy about the kielbasa, so I'll stick with the sausage or bacon next time)- Corned Beef Hash (Not like the smushy corned beef - its "real"!)- Southwest Turkey Panini (Panini's here seem like a good option for lunch!)- And always get their cute little pot of bread! (A light and fluffy Cinnamon roll - Yum!)Like everyone else says, the service here is good.  Always kind with a smile.  I wouldn't say the food is OMG, but its solid.  Prices might be a tiny bit on the more expensive side, but I think it's worth it for the lovely experience
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,12/25/2011,364,129,8,16,12>All you California natives, the "Boiling Crab" has made its mark here in Sin City. Conveniently located central of Las Vegas (Decatur/Flamingo), inside the Food-4-Less plaza. After reading reviews of the other crab/shrimp competitor, Hot N Juicy, it's amazing how many yelpers mentioned Boiling Crab. I personally have not been to the Boiling Crab before, they don't have a spot where I'm from in SD. So what better way to break bread with a bunch of other fellow yelp heads! Representin' from SD. SJ. SF & LBC! Honestly, I could not really tell you the difference. Boiling Crab's name of the flavors are titled differently than HnJ, pretty much the same mix. The WHOLE SHA-BANG is the most popular seasoning, which has rajun cajun, lemon pepper, and garlic butter all mixed in together. On spice level, they have plain (simple), mild (just a kick), medium (gettin' hot in here), and XXX (can't feel my mouth!).  I love shrimp and spicy food. So I ordered the "1 lb. shrimp whole sha-bang xxx!" At first, I hesitated a little on picking XXX for spice level, but I liked it! You can definitely taste and feel the spiciness... and the slight burning sensation on your lips. Did not even break a sweat. Poor Eman S. sampled my food and was literally choking and gulped down a glass of water. yikes sorry! And Aljamin S. was already sweating profusely with just the Medium! What I give the most stars is for the atmosphere & service. It blows HnJ out of the water. Its SPACIOUS to accommodate really large groups, no wait, customer service was on point, there's practically 100 TV's in the restaurant to watch the sports, and then have the capability of drawing/tagging on there walls! Pretty cool. See photos! Only down fall, is they charge 25 cents for water even refills and 50 cents for ranch sauce. What the? Overall, good stuff. I'd come back again.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,12/24/2011,142,120,4,7,5>I have not been so excited for a meal since I ate at Alex. Wynn really, really has it going on for us vegans. I heard through the grapevine that multiple outlets in the Wynn now serve s fast food-esque meal - cheeseburger, fries, and a chocolate shake made with coconut milk ice cream. And it's $9. Upon hearing this, my husband and I practically ran out of the door. With a recommendation from a friend, we decided to try this meal out at Society Cafe. It has an open atmosphere to which you can people-watch which is fun. The seating and design of the cafe is impeccable - gigantic, bright pink sofas, black & white, and soft lime green is a very soothing yet hip palette to me. When we walked up to the hostess, she immediately asked us if we wanted a vegan menu. Very nice that I didn't have to ask! We were seated and greeted by our server Michel, who upon hearing our order exclaimed with genuine delight that we were really going to enjoy our meal. This made me even more excited! He also automatically told us he would bring out vegan bread and butter. Upon doing so he remembered a second kind of bread, some pretzel sticks, were also vegan which he brought out too! Great customer service for sure. The fast food meal was adorable. The cheeseburger (which looked like a 100% doppelgänger for a certain famous golden-arched restaurant's burger) was wrapped up in foil; the fries were in a cardboard sleeve. The two hot items were in a cardboard half-box, all served on top of a white rectangular plate. And the chocolate shake was in a Wynn plastic cup with a really thick straw which was great for drinking. The burger I adored, although I passed off the pickles to the husband. I think the Gardein patty might have been slightly overcooked, or it might need some light seasoning... it wasn't as juicy as it could have been, and was a little bland, but overall I liked it; I really want to know what kind of "cheese" they used! The fries were delicious, and the milkshake was TO DIE FOR. I could seriously have that every single day. IN LOVE! The meal was beyond delightful, and the customer service was wonderful to boot. Michel really made the experience pleasurable, and answered every question quite knowledgeably. Even when he wasn't sure, he asked and got back to us in a very timely manner. We asked him about a dessert area in another part of the hotel to which he got the hostess (her name escapes me, but she was brilliant) who divulged that she was a vegetarian and tried her best to get us some answers, and spent some time chatting with us. She was very nice and extremely helpful and both her and Michel went above and beyond to make our meal lovely. I think this might start to be a weekly thing for me. Not only is this meal affordable, but the Wynn has really turned into a haven for vegans. Not once did I get an eye-roll, or was made to feel like I was annoying or asking too much. I felt really accepted at this restaurant, and I love that even the staff enjoys the food and can really talk to it with their customers. Society Cafe really pulled out all of the stops even for our humble meal, and I can't wait to come back for more!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,12/23/2011,264,390,3,8,4>I was way out in the northwest today and decided to try a Pho place up in this area.  So based on YELP, I tried out Viet Bistro and walked away very happy.1.  If you haven't read My T. or Paolo D review of this place yet, do so.  I used it for my analysis and visit and I was happy!2.  Parking - strip mall, very easy.  Odd that it is near a cigar bar, which has a very distinct cigar aroma, however, once inside the restaurant, you cannot smell the cigars.3.  Ambiance - Small narrow place, with purple walls. Nice overall.  Small and cozy. Nothing fancy.4.  Drinks - I always prefer fountain drinks and they do have this over the canned sodas, so definitely a plus.5.  Food - Ahhh,  I tried the Bun Bo Hue based on MyT an Paolo D review an it was great. It was not too spicy at all, and in fact, was very subtle.  This is great as it is not too overpowering and you can always add more spices or the jalepenos.  The noodles were just right in terms of texture and firmness.  The serving size was just right and this is the first time that I drank so much of the broth. It was very, very tasty.  My son had P11 and he enjoyed it as well as with an Iced Coffee.I also ordered to sandwiches to take home and they taste great and better yet, the aroma is even better.There is a ton of stuff on this menu. I will come back again, although it is about 35 minutes from where I live in Henderson!!!6.  Service - As good as it gets.GK says, check it out.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,12/22/2011,100,235,7,8,8>Since my first pseudo-disastrous visit to Comme Ca I've been back. And back. And back. I believed the place deserved a second chance-I mean with such a beautiful space and wonderful view it was hard for me to discount it on one grossly inattentive and downright terrible waiter.I'm glad I gave Comme Ca a second (and third and fourth and so on) chance! I've become a fan of their early evening happy hour in which they offer up their 18A menu for 1/2 off. This specialty drink menu is made up of handcrafted drinks with a prohibition style theme. They spare no expense when it comes to the ingredients and the variety, creativity and presentation of this menu just can't be found anywhere else. While I appreciate the unique menu I cannot justify paying $15 for one drink and choose to frequent the bar during happy hour only. Call me a spoiled local, but I've been groomed to appreciate and take advantage of happy hour.Most of my return experiences are based on the bar/lounge area-I was introduced to the bar after winning one of the restaurant's Twitter contests which got me two free drinks off the 18A menu. Since then I've been back several times and have pegged my two favorite bartenders- Len and Tony- however not a favorite drink, only because there's too much good to choose from! Recently I had the Queen's Park Swizzle which was pretty to look at and just as pretty to drink. The drinks are strong, so for those with, say, clean and undamaged livers, proceed to the 18A menu with caution.I ate here during Restaurant Week and had a truly delicious meal with excellent service. Our waiter, Ed, was above and beyond knowledgeable about the menu and walked us through anything we had questions on. When the food was brought out, either he or his assistant explained the dish very well, not only telling us ingredients but any special techniques used in the dish (obvi not getting to technichal). For example, my friend ordered the steak tartare which was served with an egg yolk confit-the egg was cooked sous vide which I thought was interesting. Just little stuff like that showed he took his service standards seriously and that was refreshing.Also had that evening was the tomato terrine (with heirloom tomatoes I believe-YUM), oxtail jam with roasted bone marrow which is just as mind blowing as everyone says, crispy skate and beef cheek bourguignon. All were very well prepared and beautifully presented. The beef cheek was SO tender and served with these tasty sort of potato cakes.  I'm 90 percent sure Comme Ca has ruined all other boeuf bourguignon for me which I think I'm ok with.Looking forward to coming back and giving some other items I've been eyeing a try. Very pleased with the improved service and the outstanding quality of the food!
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,12/21/2011,148,168,11,10,8>Sealing the deal!I saw the sign facing the 215 for weeks.  Drove by one day only to find out it wasn't open for business yet.  As the weeks went by, I stared longing at that sign EVERY damned day, wondering when the hell I was going to get my chance.Then, by chance, my wife decided she would get me some sugar and they were open!  She came home with a really nice bag that contained these attractive pink boxes with clear cellophane lids (presumably to see the contents, eh?).  Unfortunately for my review, she's not very detail oriented, so I can't really tell you the exact names of what she bought, nor can I even describe the store and what other goods they offer.   Here's what we ended up with, according to her recollection:1.  Cake pops: They were chocolate cake with a chocolate shell.  Besides my not understanding the whole cupcake fad (is it really going to last?), I have hated - no really HATED - the whole cake pop thing.  All the ones I've had were either tasteless, dry, way too dense or a combination thereof.  These, however, were the anti-thesis to all that I have hated (HATED) about cake pops.  These were rich, moist and cake-like (as opposed to tasting like they mixed a pound of frosting with some leftover crumbs to hold it all together).  The only thing I hated (HATED) about these particular cake pops is that they were too doggone small.  One bite.  That's all it took.  :(1.  Red Velvet cupcakes: ok, so it didn't take a genius to know what this one was.  These were tasty, but not as moist or rich as the red velvet I know and love.  Ok substitute, but not enough to make me crave them.2.  Peanut butter cupcake: I'm not really a fan of peanut butter pastries, so I didn't even take a bite.  She liked them, but she was short on adjectives, so I can't really elaborate.3.  Bacon Banana cupcake: un-holy-freaking-rock-my-sugar-tooth-believable.  If you know me, you know I'm a bacon addict.  This cupcake was a revelation, a total mouth f***.  But let me back up and start at the beginning.  Once upon a time, there was this little confection that didn't smell all that enticing.  Had it not been for the bacon chunks on the frosting, I would have skipped it.  The scent was a bit confusing, starting with overt rendered bacon fat tones and an undercurrent of burnt sugar.  Not the most appetizing combo in all honestly.  Anyway, after cutting it in two, only then could I smell banana, which really threw my nose for a loop.  Then I took a bite.  I can't say it was heaven, nor that it was the best thing I have eaten in my life.  What I can and will say is that the flavor combination just works.  The sweet of the frosting and salty of the bacon are harmonious, with the tropical banana adding a whole new dimension.  I love inventive dishes that a cook/chef prepares that tries to let you in on a secret.  Sometimes you're just not meant to understand that secret and other times, when you get it, it totally makes you respect the thought and effort behind the creation.  The bacon banana cupcake really sealed the deal for me.  I'll be back to try some other unique creations.  Whatever they're baking, gimme some sugar baby.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,12/20/2011,198,223,10,11,10>i absolutely love rm seafood.why, you ask?reading all of these awful reviews makes me ask myself that exact same question.it basically boils down to the fact that i know what i'm talking about and everyone else can just go suck it!=o)  (i'm totally kidding, btw.......maybe)i've used a restaurant.com certificate each time i've dined here (4 times total, i believe).being able to save a few bucks on a dining experience on the strip in las vegas is a positive experience in itself. +1 star.rm seafood uses sustainable fishing practices and supports local business.+1 star.for starters, the calamari is the best i've ever had.you get this giant bowl of calamari with the most divine peppers all mixed in.ya can't beat it at $15.i've had the salmon, halibut, branzino and swordfish.all were seasoned and cooked to perfection.trust me, i'm super picky when it comes to cooked fish and the chefs at rm know how to cook fish.i've yet to have an overcooked piece of fish here and am doubtful that will ever be the case.i know that service can be hit or miss wherever you go.it's all luck of the draw, as far as i'm concerned.luckily for me, i've had outstanding service at rm every visit.i've even taken my mom here and if any of you know chinese moms you'll understand me when i say "even she had nothing to complain about!"side note: don't order sushi from here.seriously, don't order sushi from a non-sushi restaurant.don't order sushi from a restaurant where the sushi chef is younger than you and is NOT japanese.these are all just general rules of thumb.why they attempt to make sushi at rm is beyond me but i'm smart enough to know that it's not going to live up to my standards therefore will never order it.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,12/19/2011,563,825,3,14,10>Hip. Swank. Elegant old Vegas feel.That's The Barrymore in a nut shell. We stopped in for some drinks on a Friday night. At first, it seemed like we picked a terrible night for it--the place was jam packed with a huge group all wearing t-shirts akin to those smut peddlers on the strip. Luckily, their party moved outside to the piano and we seized our opportunity to grab seats at the bar.After a quick glance at the drink menu, I went for their namesake drink, The Barrymore. I thought it would taste like the Twin Creeks Manhattan thanks to orange marmalade being one of the ingredients. I was right. It was pretty close and I enjoyed every last drop along with every last ice cube.I'm already a fan of The Royal House and this is just one more reason to visit.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,12/18/2011,235,106,9,8,8>It understandable to feel a little apprehensive, especially if you are walking into a bar called Three Angry Wives all by your self. My first visit didn't go over so well, but it may have something to do with my fear of actually running into 3 pissed off Irish girls at once. But the place is real close by, so it was hard to stay away from.I have made many visits to three Angry Wives since then, with each time getting better than the last. I wasn't sure I was ready to review it until last week's breakfast.I had eaten from their menu before, but this was my first foray into the breakfast side. I ordered the hash and eggs. Mmm, mmm, good! The corned beef hash was delicious - and separated from the hash browns, so I could be allowed to choose my level of mixture. The eggs were done perfectly and the presentation, with these little wedges of tomato and cucumber were, well, just more than I would have ever expected from a bar.I have yet to meet anyone here who even sparked of anger, much less the women who provide the bar's namesake - and I'm just fine with that (well, maybe if they come one-at-a-time). I will keep coming back to this little gem, especially for another morning bite-to-eat.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,12/17/2011,816,286,25,21,15>I have long avoided this place for two reasons: one, I despise the food truck trend. And two, my previous experience with arepas was limited to some mystery-meat-stuffed weirdness at a bus depot in the Venezuelan hinterlands.But yesterday, as I was driving past the street corner where the Arepa boys do business...out of the corner of my eye I noticed that the proprietors were two hot Venezuelan dudes of childbearing age. Hell-O! I did a quick U-turn and pulled into the parking lot. As mentioned, my previous experience with arepas left me skeptical...but the hotness of the staff, and the fact that it's not actually a food truck, but more of a dingy kiosk unadorned with Twitter and Facebook logos, convinced me to give 'em a second try. And now.......... I, too, Love Arepas!I only had one -- the bean and cheese. But it was fantastic!! WAY better than the ones I had in Venezuela (they hate Americans down there, so they probably pissed in my arepa at that bus depot). At $3.50 it was a filling mini-meal...and actually stuck to my ribs through three cocktails, preventing me from getting wasted and doing embarrassing things down on Fremont St.IMO this is hands down the best dining in all of Vegas -- cheap, unpretentious, delicious and al fresco. You can sit at the little tables in front of the arepa pod and enjoy the scenery of the neighborhood: a strip club, a dive bar and an all-night drugstore patronized by pimps and weirdos. I will MOST DEFINITELY be coming here again and again and again -- and that's just with the hot proprietors. I'll come to the kiosk again, too :-)
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,12/16/2011,135,365,4,8,6>I came here after working out at the 24 Hour gym across the parking lot.I would have to agree with Tien, the staff is what really elevates this small, mom and pop restaurant to 4 stars.  The staff is very friendly and really tries to engage you conversation.  They are also constantly checking on you while you are waiting and eating.  Making sure you have utensils, napkins, enough to drink, etc.  They will happily refill your drink for free if you are running low.The food is also pretty good.  I opted for the fried chicken vs the grilled or baked.  And I chose the grilled vegies, which a nice healthier side order option.  The fried chicken fingers were panko breaded so it was very crunchy, but not oily.  I picked the BFG and wasabi sauce.  The BFG sauce is best described as a sour thousand island dressing.  The wasabi was mild, but definitely identifiable.  The wasabi was a good choice for the chicken, while the BFG was better on the vegies.My only gripe with this place is they do not allow you to mix and match chicken styles.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2011,12/15/2011,400,1236,4,10,7>I've been to the Peppermill quite a few times over the years. Usually for some late night grub after a night out on the strip. The food is ok, nothing amazing. Pretty standard cafe food. The portions are enormous so I often suggest sharing as an option. On this particular occasion I came just to sit with some friends and have a few drinks after work in the Fireside Lounge. This was actually my first time in that area of the restaurant. On previous trips I've usually had my fair share of drinks by the time I happened upon the restaurant. The lounge is actually really cool. It wasn't too busy and there were lots of cushy sofas to sit on around cool looking firepits. I ordered a diet soda (because I'm trying to be good on weekdays), but sampled some of my friend's Pineapple Upside Down martini, which was delicious! I look forward to another trip to this lounge for food and drinks.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,12/14/2011,144,333,11,7,6>Curbside Cafe recently took out a restraining order against me because I was stalking them all over town.  Any time I came across their food truck, I started applauding loudly and repeatedly telling them that I love them.  What inspired this level of obsessiveness?  Spice and seasoning in a food truck.  Hot damn, it's good.  Their Mahi Mahi tacos are brilliant--pan fried fish that's still flaky and coated in rich seasoning.  Here's the best compliment I can give those tacos: I don't like fish and I usually won't touch fish unless it's deep fried, but I order the Mahi Mahi tacos almost every time I hit up this truck.  First, because the fish tastes great in the seasoning they cook it in.  Second, because the salsa blanca that they use as a topping is fired-up and sweat-inducing spicy.  It's just a great taco with wonderful flavors on top of crisp cabbage and a fresh flour tortilla.   And the only thing that steers me away from the tacos is their burgers.  I love a good burger, but the big question is always will the kitchen over cook the ground beef patty.  And that's where Curbside Cafe completely earned me as their official stalker--serving me a perfectly-cooked, medium-rare patty.  I order the Baja burger repeatedly and they pump out my burger order to go with a patty topped in fried jalapenos, their excellent salsa blanca and fresh pico.  So good that I'd put Curbside Cafe on the list of top burgers in Vegas. They're also serving up some excellent sweet potato fries.  While I know sweet potatoes have been the rage for a few years now, Curbside Cafe adds a little something extra to the mix.  I'm pretty sure I tasted bown sugar and salt on my order.  Whatever it is, I'm sold.I just love them soooooo much.  I have an entire wall of my room devoted to Curbside Cafe and I'm pretty sure that if I just keep coming back to the truck, they'll realize they love me.  And one day they might lift that restraining order.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,12/13/2011,328,389,14,17,9>My husband and I drove by Rani's a couple weeks ago and he said, "International Market? That looks interesting."  So I made a note to check it out on Yelp later.  After reading the reviews I channeled Liz Lemon and exclaimed, "$6 vegetarian Indian food? I want to go to there!"So that is how we wound up at Rani's.  I immediately went to the counter and ordered a thali and paneer paratha (I'm a sucker for paneer), and the cute lil lady behind the counter proceeded to give me an Indian sweet to have while I waited.  She brought out our thali, which consisted of 2 roti, rice, dal, pickles, okra, an aloo-gobi-type yumminess, and I believe kofta (veggie dumplings).  The cute lil lady was feeling generous and also gave us a tomato soup with paneer in it.  Definite bonus points.Everything was fantastic, although I was expecting a little more paneer flavor to my paratha.  This place is very casual, which I really like about it.  Don't come in expecting the same food that you would get at a sit-down Indian restaurant; instead, expect the kind of food you would get if you were invited to a grandma's kitchen.After we filled our bellies, we wandered through the aisles of the immaculately clean grocery store.  I hadn't planned on buying anything, but when I found garam masala for super cheap, and black salt that I had been looking for everywhere and couldn't find, and a giant bag of arrowroot powder for a couple bucks (normally $6-$12 for a tiny jar anywhere else)....well you get the picture.  Anything you would need for a well-stocked Indian pantry is here, and then some.    There's also mint and tamarind sauces, bottled lassis, naan, and huge blocks of paneer.  Trust me when I say I seriously considered buying all the above to snack on at home.I considered giving this place 4 stars, because we went back a couple days later and the food was cold and missing that extra special love like we had the first time.  But it was a Friday evening and there was an Indian soap opera on the TV I think we interrupted....So, obviously, I can't blame them.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,12/12/2011,378,248,2,13,7>Homemade......everything.Delicious and innovative treats adorn the display cases of this friendly, neighborhood spot.  The staff was friendly, and just as excited about being there as I was.  Eclectic books line a few shelves over the banquette (Escoffier anyone?)   I can't remember the last time I ate so much bread, and felt so good about it.  At the soft opening today, I got to sample a big variety of perfectly prepared pastries served with authenticity and smiles.  Here is a brief description of what I enjoyed this morning:Bagels -  I had the regular and the red velvet (yes you read that right) bagels.  While the plain bagel was good, the red velvet bagel was light and packed with flavor.  Most notable were the raisin, cinnamon, and vanilla notes that danced on my palette.  With the airy cream cheese spread on it, I felt like I was down south eating a red velvet cake for breakfast, minus the inevitable guilt.  Peanut Butter and Jelly Brioche - Light, flaky, and fun, I could have eaten two of these by myself.  This little treat would be great on the go, as it is easy to pull a piece off and enjoy.  The jam in the center perfectly complemented the peanut butter brioche it rested in.  Waffle w/ Strawberry topping - This light and crispy waffle would have been better with less strawberry topping.  It became soggy under the weight of the "just sweet enough" strawberry spread.  I still enjoyed the heck out of it, but pastries this good should be held up to the highest standards, as that is the level they're at here at Bread and Butter.  Breakfast Pizza - Whoa, you're going to hurt somebody with all that flavor.  Light crust topped with  paper thin potatoes, eggs, and caramelized onions.  Masterfully balanced salt and butter (made in house of course) with a beautiful hint of garlic and onion had me smiling with every bite.  At this point I was stuffed and still managed to take down the whole thing (about 8-10 in)  Even though there was no meat on this item, it was hearty, satisfying, and hit me right in the taste buds. Bread and Butter takes the guess work out of, "Guess how ridiculously wonderful baked goods can be?"  I believe there will be a constantly evolving menu here, with seasonal items making timely debuts (c'mon pumpkin everything)  This spot is the real deal, I can only imagine the lines which are soon to form for this fantastic french-inspired fare.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,12/11/2011,72,117,2,14,3>**Summary**       - Flavor - Everything we had was either good or great. It was definitely a treat for the taste buds.       - Authentic - From the decor to the staff to the food, this is truly an authentic Japanese Izakaya place.       - Skewers - The sauce they use for the skewers is phenomenal. If you sit at the bar you can see them watch over the skewers the whole time. They take care to cook them perfectly.       - Value - You'll probably pay more here than getting a bento box elsewhere, but the portion size and flavor is well worth the price.       - Ichiza - I finally found a place closer to my house that's like Ichiza but better. Now, if only they had honey toast, I'd never have to go to Ichiza again.**Appetizers**       - $7.50 Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad - Five pieces of slightly seared salmon with arugula on the side. Salmon was fresh, texture was great, and the sauce gave it a little kick. (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).       - $3.50 Garlic Potato - An interesting dish. Simple and good (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).       - $3.80 Ikageso - Fried squid legs. If you like squid, it's pretty good. If you're expecting calamari, you might be disappointed.       - $5.50 Gyutan - 6 thin slices of beef tongue. It's ok, but a little pricy for the amount you get (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).**Skewers**       - $1.90 Shoniku - Chicken thigh & leg skewer. The sauce they use for this was awesome. A must try (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).       - $1.90 Negi Ma - Chicken with onion skewer. I preferred the shoniku (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).       - $2.20 Butabara - Pork belly. It has just the right amount of pork to fat ratio.       - $1.90 Sunagimo - Chicken Gizzard skewer. The gf said this was good. I don't really like gizzards.**Mini Meals**       - $5.00 Tori Meshi - Seasoned ground chicken on rice. Wasn't enough chicken. Nothing special.       - $6.50 Maguro Zuke Don - Marinated tuna and rice. The marinade on the pieces of tuna sashimi was fantastic. You get about 7 pieces. They give you too much rice though.       - $3.50 Mini Udon - A pretty decent sized portion for the price. The udon broth is better than most places (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).       - $9.50 Koro Steak - A hefty portion of bite sized steak (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).**Misc**       - $5.00 Chawan Mushi - Steamed egg custard (with shrimp, scallops, squid, and clams). It's pretty hard to find in Vegas. The only other place in Vegas I've seen it is at Ichiza. The one they serve here is better and they put a lot more seafood in it (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).       - $6.50 Yamaimo Teppan - I expected deep fried potatoes and got potato paste. Needless to say, it wasn't good and pretty salty.       - $6.50 Chocolate Fondant - Chocolate Souffle with a size of ice cream. Takes 15 minutes to make and is well worth it (yelp.com/biz_photos/82YG).**Recommendations**       - I'd recommend this place for anyone looking to treat themselves to some delicious non-sushi Japanese.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,12/10/2011,143,170,5,10,7>We hit this joint as what was supposed to be our second stop on a Fremont bar hop, and it ended up being our last stop, we were smitten.  We hit it early and the only other patrons were a group of middle aged patrons of the bar.  They were fun, dancing to the cheesy covers and having a good time.  We soon discovered that the piano player was more impressive than meets the eye and the ear up on first listen, and as more patrons filtered in and the bartenders started participating I now know what keeps this place going.  The quality of the entertainment (vocally trained bartenders) made up for the weak drinks.The atmosphere is comfortable and cozy - and while I can definitely see how it could become overbearingly smoky, it was fine when we were there.  One of my favorite perks was the people watching of the locals - this is a spot for all ages, well, legal drinking age onward.  There were definitely a good handful of patrons pushing 75, and they were awesome, some of the most enthusiastic audience members.  They played everything from piano-bar classics (Sweet Caroline), to current hip hop and pop (Alicia Keys, Beyonce), take requests, and if you have an extrovert in the group go on Thursday open-mic night and they can take their turn in the spotlight.  @Matthew C. hit it spot on, it's definitely a gay friendly environment, woo-hoo.  This bar makes me want to make the trek from Henderson to Fremont more often!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,12/9/2011,223,135,4,8,8>Please make my noodles BY HAND! Thanks! SERIOUSLY!!! They hand pull their noodles here. If you are lucky (or you just ask) the chef will even come out and pull noodles. Amazing! And you can taste the difference! The noodles are so delicious!I always have the mushroom and beef noodles. Oh wow! So flavorful and rich. We shared the wontons in chili sauce appetizer last time and it was so good. I don't even like spicy food but it was goooooood!This place is located in a small strip mall and you could miss it if your not looking. It is quaint and clean and the staff is always friendly. If you are looking for not only a good meal, but a neat experience you should stop by. Trust me, Beijing is not that far! LOL
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2010,12/8/2011,408,99,7,11,11>Freaking A!  What a place, what a place!  I just can't get over how exotic and flavorful everything is here so far!  A friend from out of town came in and first on our list was Bachi Burger!  Like the last time, the place was pretty empty, not too busy, but the one thing my gf and I spotted was a new burger!*The Shogun Burger* (not on the website) $23Features the Wagyu beef, eel, poached pear, and foie gras! Packed with major flavor and super exquisite! I highly recommend getting a taste of this one.We also ordered the Crusty Crab and Kalbi Burger. Both which were tasty as well.  I loved the authentic crab on the Crusty Crab and the sauce on the Kalbi Burger.  We went with the eggnog creme brulee with gingerbread cookie.  There were comments of the rum flavor being strong, but I hardly tasted it.  The gingerbread man cookie was cool with powdered sugar on it and tasted perfect.  They also featured a treat all the way from Hawai'i called the Tako Toffee.  It's toffee with a thin layer chocolate and almonds.Another great experience at Bachi deserves another 5 star rating!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,12/7/2011,85,90,5,7,3>I got more than my fill over at Los Burritos. They offer some tasty Mexican food, all without breaking the bank.  The menu is simple, yet offers a wide variety of meats to go with your burrito or tortillas.Since I was obviously new the joint, the helpful staff helped walk me through the menu to make sure I knew what to get. I managed to get a combo plate with a choice of two meats (I chose Pastor & Carne Asada). I love the fact that they do not slather their meats in grease. The food tastes fresher and healthier than the standard taco shop fare. No puddle of grease residue left behind after eating the meat! Also, be sure to try the salsas. They have quite a bit of kick, but are really tasty. The unique orange salsa has a hint of sweetness, but a good amount of spice. Plus, it's pretty awesome how the salsa is given to you in squeeze bottles.Los Burritos is a great local spot for a quick, cheap eat. Checking out their website and Twitter (@LosBurritosLV) can save you almost 50% on your meals. I managed to get 2 loaded combo plates and drinks for $9 because of this. Cheap eat overload!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2011,12/6/2011,107,99,16,20,15>All. You. Can. Eat. Crab. Legs.(We'll come back to that part... are you hungry yet?)I have had the lobster enchiladas and was a bit "meh" over them. Not bad, necessarily, but I expected more. The sandwhiches have all gotten rave reviews from my tablemates. A simple order of crab or lobster has always been good.The salad has always been fresh except, admittedly, one night I wanted a little coleslaw to go... and I got a very little sample-pack size and it was not fresh and way heavy on the mayo. That made me a bit wary. But each time since then, it has been crisp, fresh, and tangy without being doused in mayo. I love their bisque and clam chowder and, as I said opening this post, I love the AYCE crab on Tuesday nights.It's always hot, fresh, and tasty. You get a ton of crab and all the tools you need to dig into it. They offer all the extras if you want them: butter, coleslaw, fries, etc. Not for me, though... I am a purist. Give me the crab, and no one gets hurt. Legs, claws, and bodies; freshly steamed and brought to the table steaming hot and with a lot of lemon. A bit messy, and totally worth every paper towel and wet towlette on the table.There are no limits, as I have witnessed in a group setting... As long as you keep ordering it, they will bring it to you. A table for two? No problem. A table for 8? No problem. And always with a smile.Service has been slow on occasion, but it's always friendly, personable, and dedicated to making sure you have what you want and enough of it to make you happy.Oh.... Do not miss some of the pastas... the crab mac n' cheese my friend had a few weeks ago made me miss mac n' cheese something FIERCE! It was amazing! A great go-to-spot for eating in or taking out. Doc Holliday's being connected, there is also full bar service. It's handy to have, let me tell ya...... and I will; maybe I'll see you on a Tuesday!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,12/5/2011,54,164,4,11,6>Woke up early one Saturday, 10:00am, and was searching for a new place for some breakfast eats and happened upon this place. Norm's Eggs Cafe has been open for a little over 2 weeks and looks to be a solid place for some good breakfast eats.I needed something hearty so I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and a side of Bacon. It was great. The steak was nice and tender with a very tasty breading and a very nice white gravy which I liked very much, which is a first for me. Most of the time I just find it a nuisance but this was filled with peppery goodness.The entre came with 2 eggs, choice of sides, and a biscuit covered in that awesome gravy. Both done exactly the way I ordered them, soooo happy now.The Bacon was in the Goldilocks area for me, not too crispy yet not too soft, juuust right. Oh yeah today is gonna be a good day.The service was very fast and friendly and the chefs look like they take pride in what they are sending out and all this leads to one great breakfast joint that I will be frequenting, whenever I get up early enough for breakfast. And they have wifi.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,12/4/2011,292,759,5,14,10>I knew we'd found the secret best deal spot in town when I walked in and the average age in the dining room was 70 or so. The social security set knows where to get the best food deals in town, and in this case they picked a place with damn tasty food as well. As far as the more "moderately priced" steak type places in town go, take a date to Twin Creeks. If on the other hand you're an old married couple just looking for good meat - this is your spot ! Tuesday night is incredible. All entrees are buy one get one free! This makes their normally reasonably priced steak dinners ($25ish for a filet mignon + 2 sides) INSANELY priced. $12.50 for a filet mignon and 2 sides? WHAT?Let it be known that I'm a steak snob. I've tried to do the $9.99 steak dinner casino rap and ended up throwing it away too many times. I can't do chewy cheap steak. I don't even eat Prime Rib as I find it beneath me. Yup, I said it, I'm the world's biggest steak snob. I went in to this place with pretty low expectations, I mean how the hell can you serve a sizeable filet for $12.50 with sides? The steak here blew me out of the water! SO TENDER, so perfectly cooked, so quality. It was crazy. Honestly it was just a couple ticks below a filet at Hanks. I asked for double green beans to avoid the carby potatoes and they were happy to oblige. The husband got a HUGE ribeye and also liked it, but it wasn't as money as my filet. It was really really good for a cheap ribeye, but it wasn't anywhere close to a Hank's ribeye if you catch my drift. The filet is where it's at!The dining room is comfortable (it's like a lodge inside) and service was really awesome. Wine was fairly priced (we had a fabulous bottle for just $24 that retails for $16! Very low markup for Vegas). They also have very creative specials (think duck, inventive salmon dishes, etc - they post them on their website ahead of time). Unfortunately I've only had this $12.50 Filet mignon dinner once so I'm scared it was a fluke but I really hope it's not . Sometimes in life you don't get what you pay for - you get so much more ! A bottle of wine and 2 steak dinners with sides and bread for $50ish? Crazy I tell you.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,12/3/2011,1407,1189,4,14,10>APPLE CIDER DOUGHNUTS!!!!!!!Okay, now that I've got your attention, This is a great way to spend a morning "hunting" for seasonal fruits and veggies, but the first thing that caught my eyes, nose, and stomach was these freshly made warm apple cider doughnuts($2/6 mini doughnuts) with cinnamon-cider icing with some ice cold Gilcrease Apple Cider was a great pick-me-up...We hopped on the hay wagon and went for a little tour of the orchard. Eveyrthing from Chiles,Pumpkins,Squash, Eggplant, Bok Choy, Edamame, Tomatoes, Etc. were all there at dirt cheap prices. Wifey scored a couple of gigantic Zucchini, Eggplant, Tomatoes, and some Banana Peppers.I picked up some beautiful Squash Blossoms and a bunch of Green Tomatoes. Total for all of our produce? Only $3.50!!!!On our way out, I also grabbed some apple and pear cider.......okay, okay, and another order of doughnuts too,,,Already planning my menu as I was picking them in the orchard, we totally enjoyed the fried green tomatoes, deep fried squash blossoms, and squash blossom quesadillas for dinner!!!! ALOHA!!!!YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(78/365) "Our Farm to Table Feast"
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,12/2/2011,213,80,7,10,9>After work, I stopped by to have a cup of Cafe Latte.  It was pretty good!  By the way, it seems like, they added more stuffs to the menu such as Sweet Potato Latte, Squash Latte, Hand-Cut assorted Fresh Fruit Waffle, Turkey Sandwich, Ham Sandwich, & Tuna Sandwich.  Probably, they are serving a breakfast nowadays.  I've been wanted to try and find the best places for an inexpensive breakfast; places would be great for people like me before work during regular weekdays or to start my day with a bit more enjoyment than an instant coffee in my room on weekends :)I would love to try their breakfast menu next time.  They open at 7am.P.S. Tiffany's cozy interior pics included
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,12/1/2011,664,612,7,13,10>I am so giddy because I luv crepes!I found out about the opening in the zip code magazine I get in the mail, and bookmarked it forthwith.  I knew that this creperie served crepes on a plate, not hand-held style, but so what?  They serve up YUM!Even though it was a late lunch for me, I opted for a sweet crepe.  I will definitely need to get back here to try savory and breakfast crepes, but The Avalon called out to me: buttered pears, goat cheese, candied walnuts....it was amazing!  So was the service.  I was the only one inside (a few brave souls were eating outside) and I had a nice chat with the two ladies working.  I am intrigued by the flavored mimosas and will come back for those (they have a 3 mimosa sampler for $10 or one for $6) - white peach, passion fruit, lychee, traditional, pomegranate. This would be a really fun place for me to get the yelpettes of Vegas for a crepe and mimosa brunch before my wedding (so keep your eyes open for that, belles!)Yes, I will be back...they have guacamole for savory crepes and lemon curd for sweet ones so I have to come back for those options!The interior is swanky, purple hues, fun art and mirrors on the walls, nice tables (I sat at the one by the crepe-making station), flat screen TVs, and even really nice flatware!Crepely speaking, you cannot go wrong here.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,11/30/2011,606,96,6,18,13>I came upon this Whimsical Cottage Setting so they call it, located inside the historical commercial shopping center that is right off the strip. I actually grew up in this area playing video games at Mary K's, playing pool at Cue Club, karaoke singing at the first Korean nightclubs and supermarkets here in Vegas. Oh how this commercial center brings back so much childhood memories. If you're coming down from Sahara passing LV Blvd. you'll be making a right onto Commercial Circle to get into the Commercial Center. Then on the stop sign make a left and then an immediate right. You'll pass the first few shops and it'll be on your right that has a white wooden fence in front. It's also next to a Korean Restaurant. It could be hard to miss or easily missed, so keep a lookout when finding this hidden gem.I heard about  this place from a previous Groupon deal that I purchased and I was in great need to pamper myself from a stressful job that I recently resigned from. For $29,  I received a Harmony Pedicure and Hot-Paraffin Treatment (a $85 Value).  Barbara, a kind front desk manager checked me in and I filled out a questionnaire to let the salon know more about my general interest and what I would like more info. on in future services. She then provided me with a detailed tour of the whole place and I was amazed how spacious it was, since the outside didn't seem too appealing at first. Don't be fooled by the location, it's pure paradise inside, mystical, and dreamy as if you're on a tropical retreat. I felt this serenity upon myself being here and it felt harmonious beyond belief. It's a full service Beauty Salon, Day Spa, Beauty Bridal Specialist, Wellness Center, & Specialty Gift Boutique. They even have a meditation room for you to unwind or get a special holistic reading from Paula, the owner of this wonderful petite mega day spa.I was introduced to my nail technician, Mary Banks and what a delightful, kind-hearted lady she is. From the moment I was in her care, I never felt so relaxed and free of worries in being in a pedicure seat. I had nightmare experiences before from other nail salons, bloody cuts and all.. this was a complete dream come true for me. I have never sat in huge purple cushioned "Budda Hands" seats before and it was different, unique.. I loved it. They have this massage mat on top of the seat for you to use for your back while you get your pedicure. It even heats up and has adjustable power strengths of how much pressure you want for your back. Mary offered me a selection of complimentary teas and other beverages of choice. Also they have some complimentary cookies at times. I settled in with green tea and also was asked if I would like a heated neck wrap while I was getting my pedicure. I was thrilled and applied to all the offers given to me on my visit. Mary has this calming aura about her that it's therapeutic to the heart. Her tone of voice is like a soft motherly love that makes any chaos in your life.. still. She made sure the temperature of the water was just right for me, always attentive and making sure I was comfortable with everything. I loved the design of the whole nail studio even to the silver square tub I put my feet into. Everything was so clean and sanitized that all I had to worry about was.. absolutely nothing :) Your mind will be so occupied of how lovely this tropical, forest, wilderness design is that you'll be in complete awe of how much it feels like your sitting in the middle of a beautiful jungle. And it actually put a smile on my face just looking around and enjoying the scenery. I picked out a color from their great selection of polishes and Mary made my feet all brand new again. The paraffin really helped in making my feet super soft and smooth. I never had a treatment where there were tons of laughs, great influential conversations about career, life, and finding great deals in Vegas. I had such a great time in getting a pedicure from Mary that I also decided to get a simple manicure from her too. She gave me my own personal filer for my nails and put it back it the wrap to take home. Mary also extended my Groupon deal if I wanted to do the same treatment again for the same great price of $29. For the service and experience I received, I couldn't pass it up. She was also so kind enough to give me her honest opinion in pursuing a career in this field, since I was showing interest in doing so. I never had anybody be so encouraging in following my dreams and be so certain about how great I will be. This positive feedback actually helped me tremendously in my career decision that I made very recently. I can certainly tell she a genuine heart in wanting to help people and has a solid passion in what she loves to do. I can't thank her enough for such a memorable experience, let alone life changing one as well.If Groupon never had that deal... I would never think a charming place like this existed. Please make a special date & experience it for yourself.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,11/29/2011,161,172,8,11,11>I'm sick, its raining, and all i kept thinking was the spicy beef noodle soup that Teri C. praised about in her review.  I remember clearly she stated that "This IS the thing to order at Yi Mei," and at last I'm a believer!For $6.99 you get a hearty bowl of noodle soup with a kick.  Modest plumped egg noodles perched high above the broth like a volcano with diced mustard leaf and sliced baby bok choy acting the role as lava.  Only, those greens aren't just for textures.  Scallions and cilantro are thrown into the fire as well. The soup itself has a really nice tang in there for a spicy broth not to mentions there's plenty of tender loving' beef chunks swimming around in your oasis.Perfect therapy food for the unwell.  Make sure you grab yourself a Chrysanthemum Tea while you wait for your remedy.  I tried their XLB  (Shanghai Dumplings) and didn't really enjoy them as much i wanted to.  They were mini size dumplings, so there wasn't much juice in them.  And because of their size you'd know they're made in-house.  The soy dipping sauce that came with it was mild in sweet with shredded ginger slice.  I add vinegar, chili paste, and soy for personal preference which prob made it worse.  15min wait for these.  Green Scallion Pancakes were also tested since my Taiwanese food's archives is limit close to nothing.   They were a bit bland since it was thick and way doughier than what I'm use to.  Sadly, I couldn't take more than a few bite of this. Sorry, no pics. I've been here three times this week and each time I castled myself away from everything that's bind to me with that first sip.  Luckily for me an order of the Spicy Beef Noodle Soup is not super, ginormous since i magically tend to slip off layers of clothing during my treatment.  So might i suggest taking off your jacket before digging in?If you're confused about which store it is, it's the store 2-3 doors down from 168 Market with only Chinese characters surrounding "Taiwan Deli."  Upon entering you can order either at counter or grab a seat and wait for service.  Either way the attention you receive will have curative qualities.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,11/28/2011,202,146,9,11,7>Say MexKoWhen I was a kid I saw this commercial where someone carrying a piece of chocolate fell into someone holding peanut butter, and peanut butter cups were discovered! Now, that's fusion! I don't know who fell into who here but mixing  Korean and Mexican did not have the same effect as the peanut butter cups for me. And don't get me wrong the food wasn't bad but I would rather have either Korean or Mexican, but not mixed, which they also serve. I did like the chips the salsa and the guacamole they were very tasty, and I would stop here just for that.Service was very good, very friendly and attentive. The place is small but kept clean. Oh! And the Korean lady taking my order and asking me how I wanted the food made, in Spanish! Now that's a bonus star! (Review went from three to four.) I will probably stop again  and try other items, Mexican or Korean but not mixed. For now, I'll just stick to my own Korean, Mexican fusion..... me and my Hyundai.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,11/27/2011,227,94,6,12,11>One of my family's favorite Korean restaurants in the valley, and that's saying a lot! The menu might be limited, but the quality of each dish is right on. Their speciality dish is sundubu, a spicy extra soft tofu stew in a variety of options (beef, kimchi, pork, seafood, and combo) that comes to the table bubbling away in a stone pot. Be careful not to burn your tongue. They also have the popular bibimbap (mixed rice) plain or dolsot (hot pot), kalbi (Korean short ribs), handmade noodle soups, along with other traditional Korean dishes. I ordered the combo sundubu which came with a bowl of rice and a variety of banchan. The banchan was the best that I've had at a Vegas Korean restaurant. Fresh, simple, and healthy! I enjoyed the potatoes marinated in a light sweet soy sauce, and the spinach seasoned lightly with sesame oil and salt (I ordered refills). The sundubu was delicious. Clean, light, and nicely flavored with generous amounts of tofu and protein. The server was friendly and encouraged more banchan refills! Also, the restaurant is clean. If Mr. Tofu opened late, this would be the late night hotspot for sure!
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,11/26/2011,234,139,5,9,6>I've been coming here twice a week for lunch the past few weeks. The food is awesome and affordable. It's way better than going to a fast food chain. I rotate between these:Loco Moco mini $5.50Hula Pack w/BBQ chicken $4.50Shoyu Chicken mini $4.95All the employees are nice. I call in my order so I don't have to wait. I don't even need to tell them my name anymore!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,11/25/2011,83,155,,20,12>Today was their grand opening day and I couldn't have been any more excited! I pass by this place everyday and was anxious to try this new restaurant on Decatur and Blue Diamond. On my way home from work, I saw their "Open" sign lit up so I called my husband right away and told him to meet me there for dinner.We were greeted warmly when we walked in and were asked if we wanted to sit at the bar, a booth or if we wanted hibachi. We opted for hibachi. The hibachi room was huge and there were eight cooking stations. My husband ordered the Special Rolls Combo for $23.95 and got the Dragon Roll, Spider Man Roll and Kamikaze. I ordered the Filet Mignon hibachi which came with vegetable teppanyaki, house salad, miso soup and your choice of fried rice, fried noodle or steamed rice for $16.50.The sushi was pretty good... Normally my husband and I like raw fish but since I'm pregnant, he ordered all cooked rolls. I especially liked the Dragon Roll because the salmon was cooked with a nice charred taste. I think I may be used to AYCE sushi so I don't think I sushi would be my first choice when I come back.I enjoyed my hibachi meal and our chef was entertaining. I watched three different hibachi chefs and it looked like they all had their own tricks up their sleeves. The house salad was good but they were a little too liberal with the dressing. I enjoyed the Filet Mignon very much because the meat was tender and flavorful and cooked to my preference.I was too full to order dessert but I want to try the tempura ice cream next time. The only three dessert items are ice cream, mochi ice cream and tempura ice cream.The service was top notch even though they had a lot of patrons. We were checked on regularly and we didn't have to wait long for our food or our check. The service was surprisingly good for a restaurant's opening day!  I will be back again since this place is super close to home. I'm so glad this place that I have been keeping tabs on is finally open! Ohjah was definitely worth the wait!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2011,11/24/2011,242,416,7,12,10>I've been waiting for this place to open up for a while now since there was a post in the talk thread about it opening up August 8th. My brother works right next door, so every time I'd visit him I'd walk over to check if it was open yet, but it wasn't. I guess it opened earlier this week, so I finally got to come in and check it out today. The handles on the front doors are a letter "H" and a letter "I." I thought someone screwed that up and put an "I" instead of a "C" for Holley's Cuppa, but that's not the case. It was meat to spell out "HI." Pretty welcoming huh? When we walked in there were two crew members, the owner, and a couple of the owner's friends sitting at a table. The crew members greeted us and one of them started talking about their coffee. He said they make it the freshest way possible by grinding it up upon order and brewing it right there. It sounded very tempting, but it was so scorching outside that all I wanted was an iced tea. I asked them what flavors they had and they only had regular black tea, but they said they could make green tea if I wanted. I opted for the 24oz black tea for $2.40. It took about 5 minutes to get my order because they probably didn't expect anyone to be coming in to order tea. I was surprised to find that they didn't put much ice in it AT ALL. Most other places fill the cup to the rim with ice, so you never get that much tea. There was a very small amount of ice  just hovering at the top of my cup and the rest was all cold tea, so you really get more bang for your buck here. The decor was nice and simple with dark mahogany wood and a lot of neutral colors. I really liked that they weren't blaring their music because I normally go to coffee shops to relax, read a book, or do some homework. I noticed they even had a small library and a section toward the back with some more tables and desks with outlets right next to them! One of the main problems I have with "free wifi" shops is that they never have any outlets to plug your laptop into. That is not the case with Holley's Cuppa.All in all, I'm excited to move back home and have this as my go-to study spot. It's just a mile away from my house and it isn't very crowded at all. Next time I plan on trying their coffee and staying a bit to read and use their wifi!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,11/23/2011,420,186,17,21,20>WHERE: Dessert Inn & Durango, in the plaza where Vons is!WHY: This is my new favorite boba spot! I have been convinced!WHAT: After reading a couple reviews of this place, I opened up my google maps, and headed on a mission to get some 5-STAR boba!I am a smoothie & milk tea with boba type of girl!! I have been looking for the perfect boba spot that I would call home, and I am going to have to say EUREKA, I FOUND IT! Haha.The flavors I have tried so far were the mango slush, taro milk tea, and almond milk tea, and I stay satisfied! Not only were the drinks flawless, the boba was the perfect consistency!! Not too hard, nor too soft = just to my liking!If you are extremely thirsty, there is a JUMBO size for additional $0.80! If that were me, it would take me an hour or so just to finish it! It already takes me close to an hour to finish the large sized drink!! The large also seems larger than other boba spots. The prices are really great for what you get back! Don't let your googly eyes fool you!! If the large and or jumbo is too much for you, it's okay because you can save it for later!So I leave you with this- Drive, bike or walk there,Order to your liking,Institute your love for the deliciousness,Thank the makers!!Just DO IT! =D
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,11/22/2011,765,431,7,8,8>Things I miss about the greater Phoenix area:1. AJ's2. Sprouts3. Smashboxx4. A select group of friends.5. That's it.Today, after reading countless mailers for Glazier's, I finally decided to make the drive to this LOCAL grocery store. It's like Sprouts and AJ's all rolled into one.Thank God, because the first two on this list were something I grew to love while in Phoenix/Scottsdale.For those that don't know...AJ's is a local high end chain in the Phoenix area (think Whole Foods but smaller and for the nose up crowd like myself)...and Sprouts is similar to Trader Joe's but the stores are much larger.Ok, back to Glazier's.As soon as you stroll in, you are greeted to a very pristine sales floor. Everything looks immaculate! The produce section is perfect, the prices are competitive, and the selection is great! The hot deli section has everything from knishes, to pizzas, crab cakes, and even Cincy-style chili. Boom.The meat section...to die for. Everything else is laid out just like any other grocery store, but the rest is still just as clean, and perfect as the entrance.I am so glad this store is close to my house. There is a location in Henderson if you live out there.If you read the various rags around town, you'll notice that Glazier's consistently wins "Best Grocery Store" in Las Vegas. There is a reason. This place is the ish.I can't wait to come back!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,11/21/2011,76,63,12,16,6>If you don't like Ellis Island...I don't like you...end of story.Dollar for Dollar the best deals in Las Vegas!.BUT....DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU ARE IN A HURRY!(Note: $6.99 steak special is now $7.99 and beers at the bar are now $1.75 [$2 in the restaurant])THE STEAK SPECIAL:6 oz thick cut sirloin, green beans, choice of potato (baked, fries, or mashed) salad or soup, bread AND a 20 oz Beer brewed on site all for $7.99. Of course it's not Del Frisco's, McCormick & Shmick's or similar...but it is still way above par for the value.The steak is perfectly cooked to order 90% of the time. The bread is bland...but on Tuesday's they always have Split Pea soup and it is EXCELLENT. Otherwise just stick with the salad. If Susie is serving that day, request her. Sweetest and hardest working gal in this town.*Note on service...to keep these prices what they are you have to cut corners somewhere. Servers typically have 5-8 table sections, and typically have 5-7 tables at a time...if you are in the industry RECOGNIZE this and have patience...if you have never worked in a restaurant, SHUT THE HELL UP and have patience.THE BBQ: (Only available from 4pm-10pm each day)With players card you can get a half rack for $7.99, a full rack for $11.99 and a half rack, half chicken combo for $8.99 (which is the best deal, but I hate BBQ chicken so stick with the full rack.)These are among the best, and most consistent ribs in Las VegasAlong with the ribs you get cole slaw (probably the worst on earth), garlic bread, corn on the cob, and baked beans (somewhat smokey and spicy to foil the rich sweetness of the bbq sauce.)The service in the BBQ is a direct result of a constant 45 minute wait from the time. Think of this place like the Soup Nazi, except it's the BBQ Nazis...do not ask questions, you cannot substitute, they don't do to go orders, and they WILL skip you if you complain about the wait. ******No one under 21 is allowed in the BBQ area****** So don't plan on taking the kids. There is also a Metro Pizza inside if you don't like (steak or bbq) which has 2 for 1 slices on certain days (i think monday or wednesday or both). Not the same quality of the restaurants but still good if you don't want to sit down and wait.OTHER HIGHLIGHTS:$5 table games  Karaoke at the bar 7 nights a weekvalue of the quality beer (Here again....it's not dogfish head or similar but a great value.) My favorite is the Amber.Although it's small they still have a sportsbookGreat frequent player program with lots of small prizes and giveaways nightlyTo sum it up...if you are staying at a 5 star resort on expense account this is probably not your place (unless, like me, you like to slum it) But for the locals and those looking for the great deals around town give it a chance...it's dirty, the people aren't exactly supermodels and they are often grouchy....but it has no pretense and it always delivers what little it does promise.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,11/20/2011,682,135,17,13,14>Finally had the opportunity to bust my Raku cherry with three friends visiting from out of town, and when you have a group of folks walk in with no appetite from a heavy late lunch and still managed to complete a meal with their taste buds completely blown away, it is clearly a sign of just pure amazing food.  We had a taste of a few items from each section (appetizers, robata grill, and noodles/rice/soups), and can hardly wait to return for more.  I was so inspired that I composed a Raku Haiku for each of our selections:"Sashimi Salad"Fresh slice of the seaDeep-fried onions paired with greensPerfect start to meal"Agedashi Tofu"House made soybean dreamAmazing broth, chili, roeTen dollars well spent"Apple Marinated Lamb Chop"Succulent two chopsAromatically juicyNo shame to gnaw bone"Soboro Don- Seasoned Ground Chicken"Quail yolk atop riceMix ingredients and shareComfort food at its best"Grilled rice ball"Two nuggets of artFragrant mint countervailed with crunchComplements all meats"Asparagus"Crispy rice coatingPerfect balance in textureVeggie laced with crack"Kobe beef skirt steak"Ribeye pales to youWhere have you been all my life?Melt in your mouth joy"Pork Cheek"Bacon's lost cousinI feel guilty eating this...Yet I cannot stop
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,11/18/2011,390,337,8,17,7>I collect old video game systems, and as you can guess, they're not as easy to come by these days.Like an idiot, I followed a DIY (Do It Yourself) that I found online to clean the screen of an Atari Lynx, and it went bad.  It went really bad.Their game repair is mostly in regards to the more current systems.  My 20+ year old system was out of their jurisdiction.  After admitting that they don't have the experience to work on such a piece, the owner paused for a moment, then asked me to bring it in anyway.  He would take a look at it.The store itself is nice.  They have a ton of old gaming stuff, even if what I brought in was just on the cusp of what they didn't have.  But what they didn't have they tried anyway.  Let me reiterate that.  Even though my system wasn't in their realm of repair expertise, rather than turn me away, they made an effort to help me regardless.  That spoke volumes to me, and the repair job status become somewhat irrelevant (though I still wanted it fixed, mind you).And for their so-called "lack of expertise", they did a fine job anyway.  Mind you, I really made a mess of my attempted repair job, but the level that they attempted to restore it was worlds better than what I accomplished.  At any rate, they made it functional again, which was greatly appreciated.The place is small, but they have some things that I haven't seen in years.  The staff gave me (admittedly deserved) flack for my botching my system, but it was good-natured, and I enjoyed talking with them as they worked on it.  The price was right, and more than fair as well.  I walked out very happy, and will frequent them again.For a "Mom 'N' Pop", this place is a classy little find with a lot of heart.  It's nice to see that places like this still exist.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,11/17/2011,693,1125,8,12,10>This is a little free gem in town. Forget the janky, cheesy lil free magic shows or staring at water shoot up or a "hair band" cover lounge group, this is serious shiieett. They book actual talent and don't charge for it. I was just walking past to head home and the BF and I go "Hey, that sounds like Nikka Costa"....."Oh shit, that IS Nikka!" I did know about her coming here soon, but I didn't know she was here for  June 15-18, 10pm&12am. It saved the night as I got dissed at Marquee.We missed a good part of the show, so we might come back to see the whole thing and come early so we can get a table. There is some worry on the open layout affecting the sound, but last night the sound was pretty good. I'll have to see next time by sitting down if the sound is good in the enclosed parts as I was standing by the bar near the entrance. The servers and bartenders are on it so service doesn't suffer from a filled house. It opens up to the casino so if you're a degenerate gambler who cannot stop for an hour- no worries, you can hear it from the tables or sit by the slots just outside of Book&Stage. If you cannot put your cancer stick down for a show, you can stand just outside a bit of the space and smoke since you can't do it in the sitting area. I don't think many people know about it and  the acts are known on a indie level so it's a comfortable size crowd and not a clusterfuck. If I'm willing to pay for some of these acts (BF has paid to see Nikka before), then I am giddy for the freebie show. In a city that generally lacks good acts and non club venues what's not to love about this place? It's a little piece of lounge culture I felt was missing in Vegas.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,11/16/2011,203,134,5,13,6>Dear Lord...I was lost and then I was found after having the Camp Out S'more Japanese Crepe. The marshmallows, graham cracker crumbs, chocolate sauce, whipped cream and vanilla ice cream were like a dessert nirvana. It was quite crowded when we went at 1:30pm....the local school was getting out. I was impressed how quickly the staff worked and we had our crepes within 7 min...which is a perfectly acceptable wait time in my mind. Also...I must commend the kids...they were all well behaved and very respectful...nice to see. Will be back VERY soon for the Camp Out S'more.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,11/15/2011,227,166,6,12,9>I came here on a whim and I'm so glad I did. This place is off the chain (not a dog eating joke). It's about $20/person when you do the "all you can eat" option. I have never been to a place that served food in this manner, but wowsers... I like! The waiter comes and you order about 2-3 selections per person, you finish that, the waiter comes back, and you order again. This process is repeated until you are stuffed silly.Can you imagine ordering all the chicken katsu, spam musubi, and kalbi you want? CAN YOU?! Plus, all the food is made to order (I think), so it's steaming hot when it gets to your table.I didn't try too many of their sushi options, but the cream cheese roll tasted flavorful and fresh. Unlimited drinks are an additional fee and they have a fridge in the lobby where you can get up & grab as many drinks as you want, changing it up each time you go.To top it all off, customer service was awesome. Our waiter was super friendly and attentive. It was seriously so yum yum!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,11/14/2011,519,1603,10,9,6>I haven't spent a lot of time at the museum displays.  Rather, I often to to the Barrick for the UNLV Forum lecture series.The museum is small as others have pointed out, but it's exhibits are wonderful.  I love the little sand digging option for youngsters to enjoy and learn while digging in sand.There's a new exhibit starting in two days called "Visions of Peru."  I'll have to stop in and see it.The curators have a sense of community and humor.  Here's a quote about an upcoming event:March 14, 2011 - March 18, 2011Location: Marjorie Barrick MuseumPlants Vacation @ the Museum during Spring BreakThe Museum invites you to give your houseplant a vacation during Sping Break for a cultural retreat for plants. Throughout the week participants plants will be housed in the light flooded lobby, and presented with a series of musical events for plants.The drop off date will be March 14, and the pick-up will be on March 18. Please e-mail barrick.museum@unlv.edu with the subject line 'PLANT VACATION' to tell us if you are interested in giving your plant a vacation.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,11/13/2011,239,235,2,7,7>Vegas has weird weather at times and last week it was windy and cold, the perfect weather for soup. I just didn't know what, and I didn't want to go far for it.  I asked my cousin and he suggested Pan Asian. Looking at the menu, everything listed looked so appetizing.  I wanted to try them all.  My budget for that day for lunch wasn't more than $6 so I ordered Tom Kha soup made with coconut, chicken, some different herbs I've never seen or tasted before, lemon grass, and amongst other things.  It was the exact kind of goodness I just needed on a cold windy day.  The sour taste was just perfect and not overpowering the whole dish.  Everything together was combined well.  The service was also comforting as the employees all were very patient, and easy to talk to.  It's also great to be able to speak with the chef.  It's rare that chefs talk to their patrons anymore.  It definitely was a nice change.I am curious about their penang curry and the other curries they're serving.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/19/2011,11/12/2011,191,302,6,13,9>The Skinny: great juicy dogs for $2.99 - the Chicago dog comes complete with the neon green relish, make sure to try the schnitzel minus the bun, skip on the fries (3.5) Service: it's counter service and let's face it, the decor is a little tired (3) Value: the food is pretty good while the prices are reasonable, it's not a bad place to try out(4).Hankering for a good hot dog, we stumbled upon the reviews for Hot Dog Haus. A branch off of Cafe Heidelberg, it's hidden behind a Marie Callender's and can be a little hard to find.We ordered the Chicago dog, the Polish dog and a Euro-schnitzel (veal schnitzel in a kaiser bun) with a side of fries.Hot dog wise, they use the real deal here - Vienna Sausage. The casing's got a nice snap and keeps all the lovely juices inside as you bite in.The Chicago Dog is legit - sporting a poppy seed bun, neon green relish, mustard, fresh tomatoes, onion, pickle and peppers.  Absolutely no ketchup as it ought to be. It was pretty delish.The Polish Dog was loaded with saukeraut and mustard, had a nice flavour to the sausage that was distinctly different from the Vienna Sausage. Saukeraut was the word of the day because it was a little sweeter than your usual variety.French fries were okay while they were hot but got soggy quickly as they cooled down. I probably wouldn't order this again.Curious, we also ordered the standard Euro-schnitzel - a kaiser bun with schnitzel inside ($5.99; $1 extra for the upgrade with mayo, tomato, and lettuce).The schnitzel was absolutely lovely. Crisp, light on the outside, the schnitzel was tender and moist on the inside. The lemon it was served with added just the right amount of acidity. Unfortunately, the Kaiser bun was a different story. Overly dry, its size seemed to overwhelm that wonderful tasty morsel inside. The lack of condiments accentuated the subpar bread. It may be better almost to serve the schnitzel on its own.Given the food, the ambience and the service, I'd probably give this place a good 3.5 stars overall for their great hot dogs and schnitzel. It loses 1.5 stars for the french fries and the bun that schnitzel was served with.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2011,11/11/2011,433,1034,4,10,7>There is a saying about taking the time to smell the roses. This is true for your food as well. Not searching for a funky or off putting scent, but instead taking the time to enjoy.The herbal chicken ramen is one of those dishes were slowly savoring is beneficial. The presentation is magnificent. It is covered as the food approaches the table. Once placed down, the lid is removed, and a cloud of fragrant aromas drifts up. A fan of medicinal soups, this one has characteristics similar to the Chinese version, but milder. It does not have the strong flavors of ginseng, tree bark, or roots. Instead, it is slightly sweet and light thanks to the dried goji berries and longans. With all the arguments for casual enjoyments aside, it should be eaten at a cautious pace since the broth is served at a temperature of over 100 degrees. The noodles are chewy and cooked to an al dente texture. The pieces of chicken were plentiful and moist. A hard boiled egg cooked medium was cut in half and laying in the soup. The center was bright yellow and runny. When dunked into the broth it cooks the yolk a little more and thickens the soup. Pairing this healthy soup with an unsweetened golden ice tea made for a lunch that does not leave the body feeling weighed down and heavy. The brewed beverage is served in a Voss bottle and comes out to three servings in their goblet. A chilled goblet nonetheless. For $11, this is a reasonable meal that will not upset the stomach or the wallet.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,11/10/2011,112,191,7,10,8>Red velvet, it's been fun, but I think we should start seeing other people. I have a new favorite cake and her name is tres leches. She's perfectly sweet and moist. It was love at first bite. Last night, I had an aching sweet tooth that forced me to develop an attack plan to conquer it for the time being. I decided that I would pay the Drago Sisters Bakery a visit to try tres leches. This was my first encounter with tres leches so I had nothing else to compare it to, but I can't imagine it getting much better. When we showed up, the owner said she was all out. Nooooo!! Then she checked in the back and found one last one which she iced on the spot. We got our tres leches and a creme puff and were happily on our way. The creme puff is 15% puff and 85% creme. My kind of ratio! It had a very slight taste of coffee to make it less sweet, and even though I don't like coffee, it was still delicious. The tres leches here is the star. I could see the liquid of the three milks pushing out as my fork ran through it. It was so moist that it shattered and melted in my mouth to coat every taste bud in three sweet, yummy milks. My only problem now is to convince my husband that we should spend every expendable cent on tres leches from Drago Sisters.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,11/9/2011,44,155,9,19,14>If it came down to nothing but taste, I would give India Masala five stars. "Shari. It's in a food court. At the Riviera. Sharing a kitchen with a burger joint."I know, I know, I know, but you know what? It's not only some of the best Indian food I've had in Las Vegas (and as far as I know, I've left no tandoor untouched), but it's the kind that tastes even better the next day, just like homemade. Order big - you'll be glad of the leftovers later.After a delicious first meal there back in the spring of 2010, we'd speak longingly of returning, but every time we'd think about parking, think about navigating the Riviera, and then think about sitting in a food court that, while clean, is still an old food court in an old casino, and we'd end up somewhere else, somewhere with waiters and easy parking.But then one day we had a coupon for a meal elsewhere in the Riviera and, alas, the meal was pretty bad. So bad that we decided to push our plates aside and walk across the casino to get some India Masala to take home with us.After that, no more excuses. We have this down pat: if I drop off my husband by the front door. (The food court is right through the southern front door opening onto the Strip.) Then I circle around a few times, pick up him and his Enormous Bag of Fragrant Wonders, and within 20 minutes (15 if the traffic is right), we're back home and laying out a delicious Indian feast on our dining room table. Mike always gets the chicken tikka masala, which he described as perfectly spiced with good-quality ingredients. (You can read his review here, too, but I think he was too pleased with the taste and surprised at such a find to take the time for much description.)We both like the naan - it's enormous and fluffy. I almost always get the shahi paneer - creamy, spicy sauce with cheese - made at about a 7/10 per my request. (If your server doesn't ask how hot you want it, let them know. That's true of any Indian restaurant. Otherwise, if you like spicy food, you risk them playing it safe.) Unfortunately, shahi paneer isn't on the late-night menu. That's a shame, as I can personally account to some lost 1 a.m. sales during summer break. In fact, I was going to take off a star for this and also because it's in a food court, but that's really unfair. If we stick to food court expectations, this is a 7 out of 5. The flavours are as layered and subtle as anywhere else in town, at least for what we order. (In fact, the only place that makes a better shahi paneer, in my opinion, is a weird dive on the east side with rotten service, so this is really my top option.) Service has always been friendly. And although the late night menu is smaller and more expensive, the regular menu is available until 10 p.m., the same as most restaurants. So, yes, the ambience is severely lacking, but you know what? India Masala transcends its location. I started this review regretting that I couldn't give it five stars, but that's just nonsense. This is wonderful food, served by dependable and polite people, and it tastes and looks great when I bring it home. FIVE STARS!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,11/8/2011,410,224,11,16,8>Going to Greenland gets me excited.  What do you do when you go to a grocery store?  Buy food.  What do you do at a Korean grocery store?  Buy Korean food!  And I love me some Korean food.  Whether you're satisfying your current hunger at the food court or bringing home some food for later, Greenland's got you covered.The biggest reason I go to Greenland is for their BBQ.  They have several meats already marinated and ready to take home.  Buying your kalbi/bulgogi/etc. by the pound here and grilling at home is so much cheaper than eating out!  That wouldn't mean much if the meat and marinade isn't good, but luckily that isn't a problem.  Potluck coming up?  Pool party coming up?  Greenland's BBQ is my go to spot for bringing a dish.The other thing I've come to buy a lot of is the banchan they carry.  Gotta have the banchan with the BBQ!  Kimchi, bean sprouts, cucumber, fish cake...more banchan than I can remember!  Everything has been decent and consistent.  For someone that's never made banchan at home, this is my only option!Another nice thing is that it's no problem if you head to Greenland with an appetite.  No need to go grocery shopping while you're hungry, just stop by the food court!  Obviously the biggest reason to go to Greenland is for Korean food.  Me being a fan of Korean food makes me a fan of Greenland.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,11/7/2011,464,819,10,17,17>This is one of the more unique locations for an eatery -- inside a hair salon. But, make no mistake, what you'll find amid the massive space filled with hair products and styling stations is a tiny counter just past the reception desk that serves up some delicious food.Don't be scared. It's ok to ignore the receptionist as you walk by her -- although a smile might be nice. Make your way to the counter and what you'll find is one of the nicest chefs in town, who also has an impressive resume. His previous position was as executive chef of Comme Ca at the Cosmopolitan. The intimate setting of the Great Bao café allows you to chat with the chef as he's cooking up your order. Think of it as a personalized foodie experience unlike any other.The sesame noodles ($6.48) with chicken, cucumbers, carrots, bean sprouts, and sesame vinaigrette is excellent and a hefty portion if you're hungry.The duck bao and tofu bao are very good but, the real show stopper is the pork belly. It's as tender, succulent, sweet and savory as you'll find. Together with the peanuts, cilantro, and greens it makes for a delicious dish that will make your mouth water. You can get three bao and a drink for $9.25.They do have a couple two-tops in the salon you can eat at and they're planning on getting additional outdoor seating soon.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,11/6/2011,136,413,4,10,8>Chinese food has a pattern; corn starch, MSG, and sweet sauce.  You get the neon orange sweet and sour pork, or the indulgently sweet honey walnut shrimp no matter the Chinese restaurant or location.  You know that there are Mexicans or Cubans in the back cooking the food, and that you always get your meal faster than a McDonald's drive-thru.  That, at least, was the norm until I stumbled across this quaint strip mall restaurant, once a sushi bar location and now an eclectically decorated Chinese restaurant that broke the mold I so easily cast all Chinese restaurants in to.  It's funky Avatar font sign--not a white box with lights behind it, mind you--that simply states the namesake, with a Chinese stamp-like sign on the large sign pedestal along the road, you would never guess that the food contained within would surprise or even delight you.  Dare I say, but so surely backup the forthcoming claims that this place is, above all else, a delicious change of pace, one well appreciated and happily welcomed.Upon pulling in to this strip mall, a Little Caesar's on the right and a cash now stop on the left, it seems somewhat out of place and intriguing because of that.  When you enter the tinted glass door you are greeted by a cheery female who is more than happy to seat you immediately.  The half booths, full booths, and few tables contained within are preset with all you need to eat--a plate, a bowl for rice, and a tea cup.  Chopsticks and forks come with the drinks at a later time, and are not the typical wooden throwaways.  They aren't the white slippery suckers, either.  I like that small touch.  The menu is short and sweet.  There are some regular American choices, like the sweet & sour pork, the lo mien, and the duck.  I am happy to report that the award-winning Peking duck--the one that comes with the steamed bun bread, cut table side (the entire duck, mind you)--is on the menu, along with some nice arrangements of vegetables, seafood, and meats.  I went for the typical fare: sweet & sour pork, BBQ pork, honey walnut shrimp, and green beans with garlic.  With that, the tasting began.You expect the red BBQ pork sliced on a plate to come out, but nay--theirs is truly smoked, covered in the sweet, clear sauce and made so well that I, a person who hates to eat fat of any meat, ate every piece of the pork, fat and all.  It was lovely and a great starter.  Everything else followed, and everything that lay before my parents and I was presented with love.  A tomato butterfly accompanied the pork, for example, and the honey walnut shrimp lay on the standard shredded cabbage, but was surrounded by broccoli, which made the dish pretty.  It tasted as good as it looked, with a more tart than sweet flavor, but a very light batter and lots of walnuts, which I liked.  The sweet and sour pork wasn't neon orange, but tasted like sauce from scratch and the pork itself was crispy even after cooling down a bit.  The beans were fantastically salty and garlicky, crispy, and had those sear marks from cooking right in a wok.  Overall, the meal was pleasurable, visually appealing, and done just right.With our leftovers in hand we exited the building after a brief chat with the chef, who is the owner and seems to be younger than I.  What I love about this man is the fact that he wants to get the flavors right and wants to hear directly from the customer.  I had no qualms with the flavor profiles, and praised him for his genius.  After all, I am not easily impressed with the standard American choices from any Chinese restaurant in town.  I hope he keeps doing this, since this is his first break in the restaurant business--I believe this place will do well.Long Jin is more than the eclectic atmosphere with flowers and plates on the wall, French music playing on the stereo and a woven fat Buddha overhead.  It's the food, done right, done fresh, and well-balanced.  It's the love that you taste in the homemade soups and sauces.  I, for one, am glad to know that there are still those out there willing to make everything and not rely heavily on SYSCO products.It was a pleasure discovering Chinese food all over again, and I look forward to taking on a few more adventures at a corner table in the very near future.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,11/5/2011,887,1183,3,8,5>OK, it's a 5 star review, but was almost 4 stars.  Came here on a Saturday night, and it was of course busy, but there were two tables of 2 open that I could have been seated in way sooner.  The staff were trying to wait for the table between them to get up so they could seat a party of 6, even though there was another table for them opening up shortly, so my party could have been eating sushi sooner.  But whatever, I won't hold that against them.The AYCE sushi was awesome, as all the other reviewers already covered.  The toro was just out of this world, and so was the sweet shrimp.  Everything else was pretty well above average, except for the salmon, which was nice and big but just wasn't as delicious as a few other spots I've been to around town.   Oh yes, the hamachi was great as well.  Kept ordering "one more order" at the end of the meal.Had a couple 1/2 rolls that were ok.  I'd much rather eat nigiri.  Also tried a few of the unusual (for AYCE at least) items like the crispy rice with spicy tuna and the grilled pork belly.  Again, everything was delicious.Also was offered a punch card when I paid, which I wasn't sure if they'd have or not.  Kind of rubbing it in my face, because I had a fully stamped card from Sushi Hana, the place that used to be in the space Goyemon is in, and then they shut down.  OK, let's try this again.  8 meals to go!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,11/4/2011,91,73,4,13,6>I couldn't agree more with all of the other reviewers.  And, because of all of the other reviewers, especially Sonila B. and Misti Y. I took my baby here.  Granted, my car is old...not even in this century old...try sweet 16 years old (1995 Miata) but I've had her for 13 years and she runs like a champ.  Therefore, I didn't want to spend a ton of money on her given she's only worth about $5k.  But I still want her to look nice.  Forgive me if I speak of my '95 Miata affectionately but she's a big part of my life :-P.  Metropolitan did exactly what I had asked them to do, give her a nose job (front bumper paint).  Even though she has some minor nose flaws (front bumper damage), I just wanted to get her a little makeup (paint).  Another plus to the story, Metropolitan gave me a good discount because I paid cash.  My baby looks great!  She was even detailed, outside AND inside!  All of the work was done from a Tuesday morning through a Friday afternoon.The owner and staff were friendly, professional, and easy to work with.  Nobody tried to push me around; with that, I mean upsell me, which is something I really despise unless done with a certain tact.  Everything was done right.  The color is a perfect match.Now for all of you Yelpers who are going to be looking for Metropolitan, let me help you with directions.  Once you are on Highland Drive, look for various large red buildings.  Obviously you turn into the one that is marked #2901.  Drive straight back through the gravel driveway.  Look for the building labeled 2.  That's where they are.I hope this review has helped many of you out!  And with all of the above said, I'll definitely do business with Metropolitan Auto Body & Paint again.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,11/3/2011,157,244,25,10,8>Went through an episode straight from Seinfeld -- Some people would downgrade their review 1-2 stars but to me, it just put an exclamation mark on my donut eating experience.I walked into the small, quaint store with a simple sign outside that read "Donuts" and walked to the counter where there was a bell.  I rang the bell and out came a Vietnamese man.  Our conversation went as follows:  (VDM - Vietnamese Donut Man)--------------------------------------------------­-------------------------------------------Me: These all look so good.  Which are the freshest?VDM: What you mean  - ALL DONUT FRESH!Me: (short pause....) I mean....which are the hottest?VDM: NO DONUT HOT.  HOW I CARRY FROM TRAY IF HOT--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------At this point I can tell he's annoyed and pissed.  My friends and I kind of find the situation funny.  My friends order 2 donuts and then I can smell an iced cherry donut in the back.Me: Oh wow, are those Cherry donuts?  They must have just come out.VDM: ALL DONUT FRESH! WHAT YOU MEAN. YOU ORDER YOU BUY!--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------------Clearly there was a communication disconnect.  I think it's pretty standard to ask which donuts just came out.  He took it as I was saying his donuts weren't fresh when there's clearly a sign on the door that reads the Freshesh and Best Donuts in town.These donuts are far superior to Ronald's.  They are fried goodness and they consisently bring out fresh batches as VDM recommends.My advice:  Look for the older shorter VDM and ask him, "What time is best to get the freshest donuts!"   I'll definitely be back!!!  LOL
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,11/2/2011,172,155,,8,5>I've been to a few brewery tours now, and this one was probably the most fun.  JJBC is a small brewery here in Southern Nevada.  They distribute to about a dozen different states right now.  As a local, I am proud of what they have done for Las Vegas and craft beer.  The free tour happens every third Saturday of the month.  Ours was started by Matthew Lisowski, the owner of the brewery.  Matt gave us an introduction and a short history of the brewery, including where the name came from (you will have to go on the tour to hear the story!).  Then Alex, the head brewer, took over the tour while Matt constantly poured us samples of the various beers that Joseph James makes.  It was really neat to drink really "green" beer straight out of the fermenter.  One such beer was a Steam lager that was a recipe by a local homebrewer, and was probably my favorite beer of the tour.  We also had a couple of other special release beers like the Hubub, a super hoppy, unbalanced beer that was brewed just once.  The 6 pack was free!  Matt definitely goes out of his way to make everyone feel at home in his small brewery.  We got to see the mash tun, the boil kettle, the grain mill, and various huge fermenters fermenting away.  As a homebrewer, it is always fascinating to see how the pros do this stuff.  Joseph James is a very intimate brewery, with a small staff, but they have some good beer, like the Red Fox Imperial Stout.  If you want to do the tour, just give them a call ahead of time and reserve a spot for you and your friends/family.  As others have mentioned, they also make soda, although you do have to be 21 to go on the tour.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,11/1/2011,93,649,3,9,6>What a fantastic way to spend $20!! I had been wanting to check out the Fremont Street Flightlines for a while now, I finally did so last Friday evening.It is cheaper to ride before 6 pm ($15 before, $20 after), we wanted the full effect of riding after dark when the light show was going so we got in line right around 7 pm. After about a 10 minute wait we were weighed, signed some waivers and headed up to the 5th floor of the parking garage to get strapped in. Once you are actually on the platform you realize you are 60 feet up and about to dangle from some straps as you fly thought the air. It's a little nerve-racking but in a good way. The employees double and triple checked to make sure we were strapped in securely but still comfortable enough to enjoy the ride, told us three common-sense rules for riding, and off we were! I ended up spinning around a few times which I was trying to avoid but turning yourself back around is really simple. I loved the free feeling you get from the wind on your face... And the sounds of tourists on the street enjoying another exciting evening downtown...  It's a cool combination. Before you know it, you are coming to an abrupt stop at the end. This is a quick ride, we spent far more time waiting in line then enjoying the attraction but that's to be expected. Spending $30 on three photos ($20 for the first and then $5 for each additional one) at the end was the most painful part of the experience, but it's not like there was a cheaper way to remember the evening. Overall, I would do this again in a heartbeat. Highly recommended anyone that visits or lives in Vegas try this at least once.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,10/31/2011,821,451,5,11,10>Plenty of natural lighting, vibrant color scheme (white and orange), and tasteful decor instantly scores an A on my restaurant decorating score card.  And the cheerful greetings and friendly smiles vaporizes any lingering traces of everyday life stress that you might have brought with you as you crossed over the threshold. As far as I was concerned, I was in near Zen state to enjoy whatever deliciously food the kitchen has to offer from their Restaurant Week lunch menu.As I was seated at my table, I was offered a choice of DW's own beverage creation. I opted for the Pomegranate Iced Tea, which was served in a tall slender glass with a wedge of lemon.  It was refreshing and not at all tart, a great start to any meal or a pick me up after a spa treatment. And below is my review of the three courses served as part of the RW DW Bistro's Lunch Prix-Fixe menu. First Course: It was a tough choice, but I went with the DW Spanish Chorizo with Shrimp & Summer Tomatoes (instead of the Farmers Market Fresh Berry Salad with Grilled Pineapple & Jerk Pomegranate Dressing - which garnered a lot of attention from the ladies at the next table while they were still debating what to order).  With the elegant and not over the top presentation, fantastic flavors from the Spanish Chorizo and nicely cooked shrimp and tantalizing tomatoes, this was easily my favorite item of the meal.  And lucky for me, it is available on their regular menu!Second Course: Trio of Sliders. Maybe it was the whole food truck phenomenon in the past year, but my mind was made up when I read sliders.  Although I did forced myself to read the remaining options, out of standardized test taking habits. The plate of sliders on mini brioche buns and sweet potato fries looks great.  The sliders individually are small (smaller than Slidin' Thru's sliders) but all three of them combined into up a fair amount of food.The first slider I tried was the Jamaican Jerk Pork, which left a noticeable puddle of grease on the plate and underside of the bun. My first and only Fuku Truck burger experience, complete with the horribly grease-soaked buns that I suffered through did an instant replay in my head before I managed to locate the mental stop play button.  Luckily, it was a lot less grease, but still a sharp drop from the excitement from the first course. Slider #2 was the mini-me-sized DW Turkey Burger.  The turkey was juicy, and the mango pear apple chutney combined to make miniaturized fireworks in my mouth.  If the regular sized burger has the same juicy turkey, then I will happily order that again on my next trip back.  Favorite #2!The last slider I ate was the New Mexican Red Chili Pork Slider.  It has a kick to it, but I felt that it was missing something. Maybe crispy fried onions for a little crunchy texture or over-easy quail eggs for the addition of the rich and creaminess of the egg.Third Course:DW Trio of Desserts featuring Red Velet Cake (was good), Lemon-Lime Pudding with a fresh Blueberry (a spoonful is not enough,I want more!) and Jamaican Black Bottom Banana Cream Pie (Not sure if this was what I was served? But the chocolate dominated the other flavors, which wasn't bad as I have a weak spot for chocolates).  Overall, the lunch was good.  Definitely top notched wait staff that flawlessly attend to the guests while they dine.  The appetizers seems to be the star here,at least for me, and I would come back just for that section of the menu alone. Ambiance:  5/5  From the other reviews I am not alone in thinking that they hit a home run with their interior decorating concept and execution.  Care to give me your interior designer and contractor as a referral?Service:  5/5  Just simply pleasant without being over the top.Price:  4.5/5  Looking at the pricing and the portions of the regular menu items, it is a nice lunch spot to go to recharge for the rest of your day.  Items are mostly in the $10-$13 range, which is more than the average lunch specials, but is a great deal considering the upscale surroundings and pleasant service.Food:  4/5  Some items are perfect, others needs some more tweaking are needed. Overall, still great food.Location:  SW Las Vegas.  Pretty far for out-of-town visitors staying on the Strip.  Definitely a cool spot for locals that work or living in the area.Solid 4.5 stars!  I am an excited fan hungry for more.  Burp!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2011,10/30/2011,316,816,8,10,7>Thanks to a frantic email from my boss telling us that there suddenly would be an extra shift tacked on at work, I missed the 9:30 start time for the (5/4/11) SUYE that Lisa L. mentioned. Yeah, I got there at midnight... Everyone from the SUYE was pretty much mulling about the bar area and closing their tabs which sucked for me. Oh well, Tien N. decided to stay and chill with me, and my coworkers Antonio, Jeremy and Sergio, who actually showed up to this shindig. This place is really cute. I immediately felt comfortable here -  I don't know why, but it has a very California feel to it. After getting some recommendations from the Yelpers and being given many incredulous looks after saying, "yeah, I can handle spicy" when the spicy chicken was mentioned, we headed on over to a booth. Mmm, I had a Sapporo, the spicy chicken with mozzarella, and the kimchi, cucumber and noodle dish that came with assorted banchan (I love kimchi and daikon radish!)  My friend Antonio, who had never had Korean food before asked the waitress if they had any chicken chow mein and she was all, "ummm, this is a Korean restaurant." She had to come back three times before he finally, with prompting from Tien, ordered the chicken wings (super bomb.) Jeremy quipped, "leave it to the black guy to come to a Korean restaurant and order chicken wings." Ha! Jeremy and Sergio, who were planning to grab food at a food truck later, just ordered an assortment of beers and only had a bite of what I ordered. So about the food I ordered....  the spicy chicken is supposedly deathly spicy. Because I, as Tien put it, have a mouth coated in Kevlar, I'd say this is about a 7 on the spicy scale for me. Antonio tried a bite and nearly choked to death, so I'm starting to rethink if I'm rating things as "not spicy" that other people spontaneously combust upon eating. It was spicy but not the kind that makes you sweat or anything like that - but don't take my word for it as apparently I take the heat well. Because it took Antonio forever to order, he split my kimchi noodles. They were good, and I'd probably order it again. I loved the banchan and we went through a couple bottles of barley tea. One suggestion - the tin bowls leave the "tea" with a very strong tin taste, so I suggest pouring it into your empty beer glass (which is what I did) to circumvent that problem. I had a great time and spent about half that time trying to not spit what I was drinking out through my nose because I was laughing so hard. We didn't end up leaving until after 2 AM. Definitely a fun place to go with great service and great food. The price, at $22 total, wasn't bad either for the amount of food I received! My only real complaint is that it's so far away from where I live and work!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,10/29/2011,264,264,6,8,8>This is how bread is supposed to be made! I DARE you not to love these hand-crafted, artisan loaves of heaven.  Most are made from like 4 ingredients (flour, yeast, salt, water -- HELLO! VEGAN!!), but they also have some fancy-schmancy flavors like brioche and something with chocolate chips.  I make a bee-line to their stand at Molto FarMar, because they sell out fast!! I can't resist the giant baguettes (only $3 and they are huge), and one will barely make it to the car before I'm tearing off hunks and snacking while driving.  That's right, it's bread worth risking your life for.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,10/28/2011,432,184,22,13,10>Make me beautiful......Dr. McNamara,"Tell me what you don't like about yourself"Me,"My body hair. I'm like the Vanilla Gorilla."Well I found a fabulous place that is happy to take it all away at a very reasonable price. I checked in at the front desk and was greeted by a sweet girl who handed me the new client paperwork. After filling it out I didn't wait more than two minutes before Stacey took me back. The room was super dim which I appreciate and Stacey made me as comfortable as I could possibly be for being half naked in a frog position in front of someone I just met and getting a Brazilian. It was cool. She used only hard wax and explained to me that it's safer, etc. Again, cool. Although it wasn't the best wax I've ever had she rubbed this cooling green gel on it and advised me to buy it. I did watch she said because I am far from a wax or vagina expert. 25 minutes later I left satisfied with my wax. Now on to the gel stuff I purchased. WOW. I have not fallen in love with a product like this since my Netty Pot. The gel is called Prince Reign and I will never go a day without it! I have ZERO razor burn or redness and I haven't been able to say that since I started shaving at the tender age of 13. I use it under my arms and bikini area and it has changed the condition of my skin. I would do a commercial with before and after pictures if I could. The best part is it was under $25. Stacey said that men use it on their face and back, etc. too. It's also on Oprah's O List which I really don't want to know what Oprah does with it. Maybe she eats it.  Regardless, It's crack juice for my treasure! Lol. Wait, that surely didn't sound right. You get the point.I went back a few days later for a touch up on my wax because this salon is THAT cool that they have a FIVE DAY TOUCH UP FOR FREE policy!!!! Unbelievable. No other salon I've been to offer this. Again, I saw Stacey and she took ten minutes to just touch it up and it didn't hurt one bit. More than satisfied with my experience as a whole now.  I'm sold on this place and look forward to coming back every 3 weeks to keep my business so fresh and so clean, clean;)
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/26/2011,243,421,8,8,7>I was browsing different sports shop to find a headgear but nothing seems to be what I wanted.  Luckily, my good buddy referred me to OTM fight shop.  I am so glad he did.  Here are the highlights.1.) Staff was great.  She is friendly and knowledgeable.  She helped me find the right headgear that is light and comfy for me.  Not only that, she noticed that I was rockin' in my Yelp Elite watch.  I love her already!  Then we went on to talk about yelp and how to become an elite...the best conversation of the day.  She rocks big time in my book.2.) Check in to yelp, you get 15% off or a handwrap.  How awesome is that!  Because my headgear cost 80 bucks, I chose the 15%.  Yep, that's the Asian in me calculating for the better deal.  3.) Variety of boxing/mma gear, as compared to any other fight shop that I've seen.I will definitely come back to OTM for my fighting gear.  Highly recommend!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,10/25/2011,342,580,3,8,9>** 100th Review ** I had been anticipating this lunch for a few days. Delmonico has been a favorite of mine but I hadn't dined there for a year. And, I was meeting esteemed London Yelper Yee Gan O., who was on one of his dining and roller coaster trips across America. Talking with Yee Gan was great. In fact, our conversation was so animated that our server asked if we wanted him to remain away, because we were discussing business. I told him that it wasn't business we were discussing, and he was thus welcome to hover over us. But, besides the consistency of the Bearnaise Sauce, the one complaint I have is that on this outing the waitstaff did not come close to hovering. I had to ask for a second roll, Iced Tea refills occurred but not too frequently, and an empty butter dish remained empty. This was in sharp contrast to my earlier visits to Delmonico where I could barely get a glass down to half full before it was refilled, and when a new roll appeared as soon as an old one disappeared. The restaurant was not very crowded at all, so being too busy could not legitimately account for the laggard service. It wasn't so much our server but our assistant server who fell down on the job. He was responsible for refilling glasses, resupplying rolls, and making sure sufficient butter was available on the table. Now on to the meal itself! My Lobster Bisque was very smooth, creamy, and flavorful, with a few morsels of sweet lobster to nibble on as garnish. It was all I hoped for! The Caesar Salad that followed was better than I expected. It was very tasty, with very fresh Romaine lettuce leaves and long croutons that when broken spread cheesy garlic flavor all over the lettuce, to join with the Parmesan splinters that were liberally spread over all. It was an excellent dish! My Filet Mignon looked forlorn on the plate. Only a large pat of Maitre D' Butter appeared beside it. A little pink blood was also pooled on the plate beneath the meat, which to me was a good sign. The Prime grade Filet was cooked almost all medium rare to order, but a few spots were closer to medium, and the steak was more peppery than I prefer. Otherwise it tasted very good. It could have tasted even better had I not forgotten to order Bearnaise Sauce until the steak arrived at our table. That was my fault, and it probably contributed to the drama that followed. But the Filet on my plate was not a $50 steak, which is what I paid for it. For that price--especially at lunch--I expect the Filet to be great. This one was very good but not great. Its size was not listed, but it was no more than 8 oz. Our server immediately put in the order for Bearnaise Sauce, but it did not arrive for several minutes. He then made a point of telling me that the chef makes Bearnaise Sauce to order, and was preparing a new batch for me. A few minutes later, as I chipped away at more steak without any sauce, still no sauce had appeared. So I ate more of my steak, which was at least still tasty standing on its own. Then the Bearnaise Sauce at last arrived, but it was runny and not very flavorful. It looked like it needed to set longer, so I left it alone for about two minutes, but the consistency remained thin after then. Again, my tardiness in ordering the sauce probably caused the chef to rush its preparation, so I take partial responsibility for an imperfect Bearnaise on this occasion. Let this be a lesson to all diners: Order Bearnaise Sauce when you order your steak--not when it arrives! As I ate my steak, I looked longingly at Yee Gan's Lobster Sliders, which looked delectable. But I'll let him report on that as well as the Traditional New Orleans Gumbo that he also ordered, which looked delicious as well, and that I have enjoyed before. But Delmonico is first and foremost a steakhouse, and I wanted to review one of its steaks. (However, I may slip in again soon and order Lobster Sliders on my next lunch outing there.) My side of Country Smashed Potatoes was a smash hit, with creamy red-skinned potatoes with a little of the skin showing, a few circles of green onion sprinkled on top, and including some very tasty lumps of potato that quickly dissolved in the mouth. I was going to take the remaining uneaten half of this quite large side dish home, it tasted so good--but forgot to do so, for which I am still kicking myself. For dessert, Yee Gan and I split a generous slice of Emeril's renowned Banana Cream Pie, which was top-heavy with Whipped Cream, filled with luscious pieces of banana, and also bedecked with Chocolate Shavings and Caramel Sauce. As I savored each bite, I tried to conjure up how to best describe the taste of this concoction, and one word stood out: "heavenly." The only comparable Banana Cream Pie I have eaten is the last one I had at Delmonico. And, this one was better by a shaving. Overall, a very good lunch with great company!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2011,10/21/2011,358,399,6,7,4>Hit Buldogis a few nights ago .  Perfect timing - hit the gym for about 2 hours, probably burned at least one hot dog so i went ahead and ordered 3...and some Angry Kimchi Fries.... but i only ate 1/2 of each dog ! I like the concept of this place - a lot of topping options - didn't really pay attention to the topping prices so not sure if reasonable.  I opted for the specialty dogs .The kimchi fries - didn't do much for me - the sweetness of the sweet potato fries dominated the overall taste - i was expecting some savory, some heat but i wasn't feeling it.The dogs ( all under $5 ) - The buckeye, chili cheese and the banh mi.  I liked the toppings on all three but i'm not sold on the hot dog itself.  Not sure if it's due to my taste buds being dulled by years of eating der weinerschnitzel dogs, am/pm dogs or the ultimate, slots of fun mega dogs or was it due to eating there just before they closed or maybe the hot dog ain't that good.  Given the creativity of the toppings and the good service, i think it's worth another try but if the dog still doesn't float my boat, sadly, there's no future for me and  Buldogi's.pics attached
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/20/2011,230,576,2,11,5>I was getting home sick for my mom's cooking even though she is Filipino she can make some awesome middle eastern food! She was taught by my grandmother who I never had the pleasure of meeting but her spirit lives on through my mom's cooking! The food at the Hummus Bar matches my mom's home cooked meals which I was really excited about. I had the Red Pepper Hummus ($7.95) and opted for the spicy version. My husband had the Hummus with Chicken Breast ($9.95). I liked the consistency of the hummus which was smoother than Sammy's Woodfire Pizza 's Hummus which is on the gritty side. They serve the hummus with warm pita bread. The pita bread was fluffier and softer than the type you get at the store. The chicken that came with my husband's plate was flavorful but carnivores beware there isn't a lot of meat served with this dish. We also had the Tabouli ($2.95) which had a nice zesty flavor to it. I showed my husband the difference between fresh Tabouli and sad Tabouli. The Hummus Bar 's version had nice green leaves which were not wilted compared to the Palms Tabouli that they serve in their buffet . The Palms Tabouli is a dark murky green from sitting out too long and it is very salty! The food here was more than enough for 3 people so we took the rest home for tomorrow's lunch. The food is good quality and very fresh! Now if I can only find a good Filipino food place besides Jolly-bee close by then I would be all set!
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,10/19/2011,274,107,6,9,8>I absolutely LOVE this place!!! I rarely give 5 stars however in this case I wish I could give it 10 stars My bf surprised me with a 2 night stay here because he knew how bad I wanted to try this place out. Let me tell you I was in HEAVEN! This place is like no other a hidden jewel, It's boutique and definitely unique! So we stayed 2 nights and he got this package that included the room and breakfast and lunch and also unlimited drinks at their lounge. Let me start by saying when you walk in its dark and you see art EVERYWHERE. ITS GORGEOUS. The staff is super friendly, and will answer any questions you have. The rooms are amazing very unique dark colors lots of art kinda goth a little small but I didn't need it to be any bigger it was just the 2 of us. Their lounge is awesome great drinks and an amazing DJ super friendly bartenders and again very dark and artsie.This is where we spent most of our time and even met a few cool locals here. Their restaurant is delicious for breakfast I ordered the french toast which was breaded in cornflakes and cinnamon mmm mmm good! For dinner I had a Caesar salad and I believe chicken Marsala very tender chicken and the service was very good. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to go into there beautiful pool because it was winter but its absolutely gorgeous and ill have to try it out next time. I have no complaints about this place I had an amazing time by far my favorite hotel in Las Vegas you must try this place out if you like something different and unique!!!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,10/18/2011,83,599,12,20,15>Yo! To all you legit foodies in the house.  This place is da bomb!Ok, now that I have your attention with my lame ass hook, seriously, you people need to check this out.  $250/person.  Not stuffy at all.  A ton of fun.  If you really do truly love inventive food (picky eaters opt out) then you will LOVE this. And at $250 per person including tax, alcohol, and gratuity (although you will want to tip more when you are done) it is such a bargain!  Plus, for people who don't drink, the chefs and servers say that the non-alcoholic offerings are extremely inventive.  They seem quite eager to serve them.  I think they just need advance notice.The process: First, send an email to reserve@ebyjoseandres.com with a variety of dates and times that you would like to go.  Give a bunch of choices.  There are only 8 seats, so keep that in mind.Next, wait for confirmation.  If you are lucky, you will get a reservation and they will ask for more details including any allergies and if there are any non-drinkers.  Eventually, you will get golden tickets in the mail and a very nice note. (Yes, snail mail.)  Yay!  Very Willy Wonka.Next, show up at Jaleo at the Cosmopolitan promptly.  Anthony (one of your servers) will be waiting at the hostess stand and will psychically know who you are.  Especially if you are the dope with the golden ticket in your hand and a stupid grin on your face.Next, enjoy some cava (a variety of sparkling wine) at the bar and meet your foodie companions.  At your respective reservation time (5:30pm and 8:30pm are the choices), you will be escorted to an exquisitely designed room separate from the rest of the restaurant where three chefs and two servers will prepare and serve the best food in the world right in front of your eyes.  It's essentially a 3-hour conversation about food, while you pig out.  And, yes, there is stripper dust involved.  eat.c-bas.com/2011/03/14  But it's all good. :)The other reviews and all the blogs go through all the courses in better detail than I ever could.  For example, see kevineats.com/2011/01/e- and the link above. Just let me say that this is a best meal I have ever had and I've been to Guy Savoy, Joel Robuchon/L'Atelier, Masa (NYC), French Laundry, Per Se, Le Bernardin... need I go on.  I'm a food and service snob (when I expect quality), and this is the best.  I actually closed my eyes in bliss during many of the courses.  The servers, Anthony and Stephanie, are fabulous. The chefs, Edwin, Brett, and Johannes, are also terrific.  Very knowledgeable and so willing to share that knowledge.  It's so much fun and we made some new foodie friends.  What's better than that?
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,10/17/2011,4974,721,9,18,13>Opened up by the former head chef of Sushi Roku @ Caesars, Chef Kiichi is introducing a whole new Japanese niche of food to LV. My wife and I have done many an omakase at Sushi Roku with Kiichi creating so many amazing dishes so we were positive his very own restaurant would be a smash.   I lived in Japan for 2 years and the atmosphere here is definitely one of the top 2 "feels like I'm in Japan" places in LV with Ichiza being the other. All the dishes you would expect from a kissaten are here so we dug in.en.wikipedia.org/wiki/KiWe started by splitting the chef salad which came with a great dressing along with a complimentary side of macaroni gratin. The gratin was so tasty! It was like one the best mac and cheeses I've ever had. We were actually scraping the burnt cheese parts on the side of the bowl. Entrees were the hamburger steak and tororin omelet (see pics). Both were excellent with a couple of twists to the dishes I hadn't had before. The hamburger steak was mixed with rice instead of bread crumbs and still worked awesome. The ketchup on the omrice wasn't your typical bottled stuff and complimented the fluffiness of the eggs and the oh so good chicken fried rice. Dinner was a little late for us so we didn't have a chance to try the pudding or chocolate parfait desserts since they were out by the time we were done. Just another great excuse to come back! I'm not a coffee drinker but this is a must go place if you are. Siphon coffee is this whole crazy process of coffee thing I'm unable to explain but you got to check it out. My wife was able to try the hot and iced and loved them both. There's quite different flavor to each of them. The chef mentioned he's getting a full liquor license which will open up a whole new bunch of menu options including serving dishes that go better with alcohol.  This place is going to get even better in the future!  Good lord..how long is the wait going to be for a table here in 6 months??  I cringe.  We better go back asap.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2011,10/16/2011,218,93,7,8,6>remember Angelina Jolie when she was married to Billy Bob?  It's been a long time because the now refined philanthropist/mother-of-Jolie Pitt-clan/paparazzi-shy-actress does not at all resemble the Angelina of those times: controversial, grungy, and FUN.  Ichiza is like that old Angelina, plus delicious!Atmosphere is not for the timid eater, you are likely to share tables with strangers, you may even have to share tables with strangers as well as be shoes-less with them.  But if you like making friends over sake and exotic meats & fish, then come on in, order a drink and start staring... not at other people - at the strips of paper glued to the walls on which much of the menu is written (most of them are far away, so you will end up seeming like you're staring at other patrons anyways)!  Did I mention this restaurant was not for the shy?  The current Angelina does not seem to eat, but the old one did, and she probably devoured things like chicken gizzards (skewered and stir-fried), beef liver, & beef tongue, all of which are tasty at Ichiza.  My personal favorites are the buttery beef tongue and the chewy skewered gizzards.  If the present Ms. Jolie did eat, she'd probably enjoy the tofu and sashimi salad: refreshing cold tofu and top quality fish over fresh romaine and avocado, with zesty sesame vinagrette, it's approved for anorexic starlets.Okay, all Angelina talk aside, I love Ichiza the most because of the grain epiphany that happened to me at this hole-in-the-wall Japanese treasure: the broiled rice balls - the best thing to have happened to anyone that's a fan of slightly-burned crispy rice.  It was these balls (not the Angelina fantasy - sorry to disappoint some of you) that made me an Ichiza convert.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,10/15/2011,1110,542,1,11,8>Konichiwa LV yelpers!I'm always on a quest to find new japanese restaurants to add to my where to eat for dinner list.Thanks for all of the awesome yelp reviews on TJR! I finally got to try TJR a week ago with one of my gf.As for the food we order. We ordered the chicken teriyaki & tempura combo with the hawaiian and crunch roll. Food was delicious... along with the complimentary miso soup and edamame.Everything went well, except a comment our waitress made when I asked for more edemame. I mean really?! I don't think it's costing them a lot of money to fill our little bowl with more edemame. When I asked if we could have a little more, she commented back with, it's only for service... (meaning they don't give more then 1 serving) I've been to other restaurants who never had a problem giving me a refill... just saying.Dinner for 2 cost us around $40 not including tip.Indoor seating. Located in an old building in an off the strip area. Nothing fancy, whole in a wall type of place with authentic japanese food. I did get lost for a split minute trying to look for then hidden gem... look for their blue sign. There was no wait on Saturday night around 8pm and the restaurant was surprisingly on the empty side.First place I've stumbled upon in Vegas where the waitress was dressed in kimonos. Love sitting in the wooden booth... very japanesezy,I would love to come back here again to try more... despite our rude waitress...Great place to come with friends, date or family night.If you're looking for a japanese spot off the strip... stop by TJR.I'll be back to explore my options and ask for a refill on edamame! arigato.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,10/14/2011,222,141,17,7,9>My homie was all hatin when I brought him here cuz he's a big representative of sumo sushi and he hasnt been here in 3yrs. Told that fool he's been missin out on some good sh*t.  Every sushi comes out warm and melts in ur mouth. And damn, no name sushi is a sushi that screams out f*ck every other sushi cuz I'm the best!Skip ordering individual sashimi and go straight to the spicy seafood salad. Trust me, you'll thank me later by taking me out here, your treat.This place is so good even Amish people were effing in line, no lie! Come early as hell though cuz this place gets more packed than yo filipino momma packing random stuff in cardboard boxes to send to Philippines.And oh, get the red bean ice cream for dessert.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,10/13/2011,364,129,7,17,11>I have now found a new spot for my occasional "Cheat days" at Babycakes Cafe. If it wasn't for Yelp I wouldn't have ever known this place existed. Obviously, by the look of everyone's review its screaming out RED VELVET PANCAKES!!! Once I saw those three words, I immediately bookmarked it! I was sooo stoked when my girlfriends and I went on Sunday morning. There were groups of people standing outside and my first thought was "this place is serious." It was a bit of a drag with the wait time taking more than 30 mins since we were starving. So definitely must come early on weekends. I ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes of course. You have a choice of ordering the short stack (3 pancakes) or the big stack (6 pancakes). It was absolutely amazing. So fluffy. So velvety. And the cream cheese syrup adds the cherry on top. It was pure heaven in my mouth. I had one of those silent moments to myself for a good 3 mins (: I've gotten to try the Smores pancakes as well from my cousin's order. It was also good but it did not compare to the red velvet. I've also tried some of the Kalua Pig Benedict from one of my girlfriends, which has the toasted English muffin topped with Hawaiian-style slow cooked shredded pork, poached eggs, and hollandaise sauce. That was a good choice! The meat was tender and juicy. Plus adding ketchup and hot sauce to it made it more flavorful! I love spice. I was completely satisfied with my whole experience. The staff, the service, the quality of the food, and the atmosphere of Babycakes Cafe were fantastic! Spread the word... this place is phenomenal.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,10/12/2011,222,164,3,8,7>Hot N' Juicy has another contender to look out for.  Where they don't quite beat Hot N' Juicy in flavor of their seafood, they really kick it up a few notches in terms of friendly and fast service, the attention to detail in decor, and an expanded menu in terms of variety compared to Hot N' Juicy.Service:- The food came fast!  Drinks came quick!  Waters and drinks were refilled even when it was semi-busy on a Friday night.Food:  There's lot of variety to choose from, but we stuck to our usual...- Cravin' Cajun style shrimp - This was comparable to Hot N' Juicy's Special Sauce, but not as spicy.  Somehow not as tasty, tangy and addicting, but still very enjoyable.- Lemon Pepper shrimp with Corn - Also comparable to Hot N' Juicy but lacked some sort of addictive ingredient.  Is it MSG?  Heh.- Deep Fried Catfish Basket - Now, this is where it's at!  I prefer the catfish preparation here because they thin slice the fish so that there is optimal crunchy breading per fish ratio.  The tartar sauce served along side is perfect!  Extra tart and creamy.- Deep Fried Oyster Basket - Little nuggets of juicy deep fried oysters.  Yum.- Cajun Fries - These are tasty and crunchy.  Equivalent tastiness when compared to Hot N' Juicy, but the downside, they get soggy after sitting in their own steamy heat.  I've got an easy solution for that:  Just eat it all quickly!  Problem solved for soggy fries.Bonus! -  Extra seasoning shakers available to "BAM" the heck out of anything.  Bonus 2! - A thoughtful addition of sinks just outside the restrooms, gives patrons the convenience of being able to quickly run over and wash their hands.Bonus 3! - (for my man) - Big variety of all kinds of beerConclusion:  They just opened about a week ago, and I think there is A LOT of potential in the place.  There's still MANY dishes to try:  dessert, jambalaya, ettouffee, crabcakes.  We might just bypass Hot N' Juicy's lines and wait to go to Cravin' Cajun.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,10/11/2011,175,80,5,12,7>I absolutely LOVE this place!!A friend had brought me here over a year ago, and I was hooked from that moment on. I love saunas to begin with, which is primarily the reason why i joined a gym (that, and the workout too lol). It's really affordable and worth your money. $20 gets you 12 hours and if you stay 'overnight' (past 12 o'clock AM) its $30. This spa is 24 hours by the way. They do offer facials, massages, etc. separatley with a price, but i haven't had the chance to try that yet! When you get there and pay your admission fee, you get your locker key, your 'spa pajamas' and a large and little towel. You can even as for sandals at the front desk if you feel uncomfortable walking around the area bare foot (which you will). The first thing you do when you enter the locker rooms is you put your footwear in the foot lockers. The number on your key is the number of your locker. Please, please, please take a shower before putting on your spa pajamas and heading up to the coed sauna area, its just the polite thing to do. there will be sweating and what not in the sauna areas, and we don't need funky smells from outside swirling around in there!Basic layout: Upstairs is the Coed area, there is a 'mini' gym (i wouldn't call it a gym, i don't even know why its there...., a mini bar area where you can order food (my favorites are the shaved ice, the Spicy Beef Soup and the Kim Bap.When you order your food and beverages here, they put the tab on your locker number, and you just pay on your way out. No need to carry money on you. Water machines are provided to keep you hydrated throughout the area. Three sauna rooms: Red Clay Ball Room, Clay Jade Room and the Red Clay Room is what is in the Coed area. The Ball room is my favorite, when you wedge yourself under the balls, the hotter it gets b/c the beds are heated. In the main area, there are recliner chairs and couches in this air conditioned area. Between sauna rooms, hydrate for thirty min or so, drinking water while watching tv. In the locker areas, there are a total of two saunas and two steam rooms. The dry salt sauna is located at the bottom of the stairs that lead up to the coed area, and the other is in the locker room, where as the two steam rooms are. There are three tubs, Hot, Warm and cold. Alternate between the tubs and saunas while you are in there. Before entering any of the whirlpools or saunas - again, Please take a shower. As for the locker rooms(not coed of course), If you have any fears of walking around in your birthday suit, please leave it at the door. For those who really feel uncomfortable, bring a bathing suit. I on the other hand have no inhibitions about it. Others, that have come here with me, used to wear their bikini's but after a few visits, they find it easier to go in a nude. Everybody there does it, that's just how it is! No one is looking!! Overall, this is a great place to relax in HOT Las Vegas!! Its a little hidden treasure right off the strip!! I recommend this place to everyone!!! Sorry didn't expect this to be so long and detailed. Its just shows how much I LOVE this place!!!
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,10/9/2011,1742,366,6,8,9>Zumanity the adult side of Cirque. I have seen this show three times and sat in three different sections. Helpful tip: If purchasing tickets, stay away from the lower orchestra as there are blocked views if too far back. Usually lower orchestra is considered premium seating at other venues, not in this case as is just below the low hanging balcony in which makes it difficult to view the arial acts going on up high.Great show for couples! Is a bit risque to take your mama or daddy to so stay clear of that, could make for some uncomfortable moments, common sense...just saying. I was expecting super sexy and erotic, is more mild than that. Did not give me that tingle and jump start I had been wanting or hoping for however was a fascinating show nonetheless. Creative, comedic and tastefully erotic...such a tease
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,10/8/2011,148,168,6,6,7>The best tail I have ever had!At the request of an out of town friend, I had the pleasure of dining here last week.  Frankly, I never heard of the place, but am always willing to give a new place a shot (esp when it's got Yelp love going for it).  Upon making same-day reservations, I asked what the corkage policy is, and the hostess told me $25 per bottle (REALLY reasonable for a strip property) with a 2 bottle limit.  All set.Upon walking in, the first thing I notice is that the place is empty.  On a Saturday night.  One friend was already at the bar so I joined him waiting (and waiting) for our third to show, which of course means we had cocktails to ease the pain of waiting.  The best thing about those drinks: they use REALLY good ice.  Didn't melt to fast and didn't impart any taste.  FTW!After an eternity of waiting (just kidding...sort of), our third showed and we were promptly seated, even though it was 30 minutes past our reservation time (the joint was still empty!).  Our server was very nice and helpful, but spoke a little too fast for someone with a slight buzz (my wife says it's actually because I don't listen, but she's never right).  To start, the sommelier came to open our wines, but we were told one of them was already on the list, so he couldn't open it for us unless we paid full list price.  Hold on!  WTF?  I was not given that warning when I asked about the corkage policy.  I was going to argue the point, but I figured it would have been fruitless and I didn't want to waste my breath.Anyway, skipping ahead to the food; we had:1.  Bread: Tasted like a champ!  There were three of us at the table, yet they only brought out two at a time.  We must have asked for half a dozen more orders and still kept bringing those sticks out two at a time!  Dude, it's just bread, load us up!2.  Bone Marrow with Ox Tail Jam: Dear Baby Jesus!  Before they send me out for lethal injection, I am having 6 orders of this!  I love marrow no matter the preparation.  But you throw in the best freaking tail on earth and there is a party in my mouth!  3.  Dozen Half-Shell Oysters: We ordered four varieties to share.  My buddy ate all of one.  Oh well.  At least the rest were really tasty, fresh and briny.  4.  Beef Cheeks: Great meat, great preparation.  It was a little on the bland side for me, but I love that you could actually taste the beefiness rather than a sauce or seasonings hiding all that beefy goodness.  Beefy.For desert we shared the Profiteroles (nothing spectacular) and something I can't remember the name of which was actually really good and I'm hitting myself over the head for forgetting.  Prices were reasonable for the location, maybe even a bit lower than average.  Aside from not being able to open our second bottle, everything was great.  The hot piece of tail that I had totally made the night.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,10/7/2011,156,125,5,12,9>Cutest place ever! The waitress that helped us looked like she literally jumped out of an anime. She was dressed in a maid outfit and looked super cute. Service overall was excellent. I was greeted when I came in and the waitress checked up on us frequently. As for the food, we ordered the tonkotsu and miso ramen with an order of chicken wings. For the ramen, I'm kind of biased because I'm comparing it to Monta.Miso ramen: Kind of bland. There was some miso flavor but overall it wasn't enough. What I did like though was that it came with a bunch of extra stuff like half an egg, bean sprouts, cha-shiu, onion etc.Tonkotsu ramen: Kind of salty! Pretty much the opposite of the miso. lol. Once again, I did like how it came with a bunch of extra stuff similar to the miso.Chicken wings: Yum! Fried perfectly with nice crispy skin on the outside. The chicken wings were huge and came with ketchup. However, I would recommend them switching out the ketchup and changing it with a special sauce such as wasabi mayo or something.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,10/6/2011,151,137,2,9,7>Went there yesterday, have been waiting to try the place since it opened, and finally got my lazy ass to Henderson to give Chef P's menu a go.We got there at around 5:30pm and the place was pretty empty, we were seated promptly without reservations and offered a few menu options. We selected the Prefix menu. It was $33 for your choice of app, entree, dessert, and a glass of wine. I was planning on ordering an entree and dessert so the prefix menu made sense.We started with the caprese salad as an addition to the prefix menu, the Mozz was amazing, and the tomatoes were ripe and delicious, it may have been a little high on the price point, but it was a great starter.We also had a few baskets of bread...the bread was good, and they had 2 different types in the basket, one was Italian and one tasted like a sourdough, but both were good, and were served with olive oil and balsamic.I had the Meatballs to start...they were large and 2 were included in the order. I was expecting small little app sized, but no these were pretty big meatballs. They were a pork, veal, and beef combo, they were served in a red sauce that was good for bread dipping. The meatballs were cooked perfectly, they were a little on the greasy side,  but they were great.For my Entree I chose the Penne Alla Vodka, a large portion of al dente Penne tossed in an amazing Vodka Sauce with a little ham thrown in for good measure. When I ordered the Prefix I was expecting smaller portions but they didn't cut back at all.My dessert course was the Ricotta Cheese Cake, a big slice of cheese cake that was around 5" thick. The crust was amazing, and the ricotta cheese cake filling was fluffy and delicious. I was tempted to eat half of it and use the rest as a pillow for my food induced coma.The companion had a chicken dish who's name escapes me but it was really good, and the Tiramisu which was also amazing.The wait staff was a little slow, and there was a length of time between the apps being served and the entrees getting out of the kitchen, and the place was a little warm, but I can't really complain too much about them. My biggest complaint is that I waited this long to try Bratalian!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,10/5/2011,563,825,8,11,10>Biaggio joins Bo from Yi Mei Champion Deli on the list of the absolute nicest owners you could ever meet. People like Biaggio are the precise reason why we need to support our local businesses. Great food. Personal service. Owners who aren't happy until you're happy.It was New Year's Day and my friend and I were looking for a place to watch the Rose Bowl. I called Biaggio's to make sure they'd be open and he said they'd switch the channel to whatever we wanted to watch.When we got there, Biaggio somehow recognized me from Yelp. He knew I was the one who ended up backing out of the CMYE. Wow! For someone who claims to not be all that internet-savvy, he sure does keep a finger on the pulse of social media.Long story short, my friend ordered an Italian Stromboli and I had a Pastrami Stromboli. We didn't realize how huge they would be, so we added some Garlic Knots for good measure. The Garlic Knots were extremely moist and doughy on the inside. And they're huge! But nowhere near as huge as the Strombolis. Even with a 3-hour game, there was no way we'd be able to eat all that food. Oh and yes, the Strombolis were all they were hyped up to be. I personally like the Pastrami over the Italian and my friend concurs. So delicious.With our Strombolis only half eaten, the food coma was setting in and we decided to leave at half time. Biaggio stops us and says we have some Fried Dough on the way. Um. OK. How can you turn down free food from such a generous man? Of course, the Fried Dough was awesome. It's basically pizza dough topped with butter, cinnamon, and powdered sugar. It smelled really sweet, but it was surprisingly mellow. We had a few pieces and added the rest to our to-go boxes.It goes without saying that I'll be coming back. I need to try the Chicken Wings that everyone is raving about. Also, when I mentioned that my boss loves pastrami, he offered to send us a Pastrami Stromboli when I return to work on Monday. Now that is the epitome of generosity! (I'll be sure to supplement that with my own order of Chicken Wings).5 stars
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,10/4/2011,137,378,8,8,9>I'm another New Yorker reviewing the pizza here.I can't tell you how many pizza places I've tried before I happened in here one night. And I am SO glad that I did. I figured I'd leave disappointed - like usual - but holy shit.This pizza reminds me of the place that I used to go to around the block from my house in New York. It's literally perfect New York pizza. I am SO thankful that I found this place, because I couldn't stomach choking down another slice from another stupid NY pizza knockoff place.I mean it, no other pizza place in Las Vegas will have my business from now on. If you're from New York and you're really craving a slice, I don't care if you're driving here from Nellis Air Force base. Get your ass over here, splurge on your gas bill, and enjoy a mouth watering slice of authentic New York pizza.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,10/3/2011,816,286,13,23,15>You know how it is when you live in Vegas -- everyone comes to visit, and expects you to take them someplace "cool." Pressure!Yesterday I had two different friends in town, who both wanted a piece of me. One is a 7-months-pregnant Conservative Christian from Arkansas, and the other is a traveling art-nude model with a wild '70s bush and a predilection for men 40+ years her senior. Where to take them that would appeal to both??I wanted someplace fun, unpretentious and off-Strip (both of my friends have the good sense to despise the overpriced pretentiousness of places with all-caps names like MIX, STACK, FIX, DOUCHE...oh wait, the Health Dept. shut that one down). Anyhoo, I asked around and finally lit on Bar + Bistro...which turned out to be AWESOME! This was in the middle of the humid monsoon season (8.1.11), but we sat on their fabulous patio anyway -- and it was GREAT! They have a huge patio all strung up with Christmas lights, facing out onto Charleston Blvd...but it's not loud at all, and very pleasant. I always go for atmo over food quality...but it wasn't just the atmo that was kickass here -- every single thing we ordered was FANTASTIC! I had the chopped Latin salad (delish and filling), my girlfriends had paella (bomb) and pizza mergherita (ditto), plus we split an order of mahi mahi tacos (fabulous) and the lavash/hummus they brought us was also incredible. I really can't speak highly enough of the food here...and the prices were totally reasonable.The waitstaff was super badass, too. One of the waiters, a super cool guy named Arash, even came and had a beer with us. We had a total blast, and this was on a Monday night when the place was totally dead! I can only imagine how much fun it is during First Friday or their Saturday night poetry jam. I will DEFINITELY be coming back here!P.S. They also have a fairly extensive tapas menu...and I recommend this place a thousand times over Firefly. MUCH better atmo.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,10/2/2011,145,129,5,17,11>how was this place not jammed pack? i walked in here last Monday afternoon in hopes of getting a mani/pedi. i am on the hunt for a new nail salon after Polished nails (which is right nearby) has just done me so wrong. (see updated review) i looked up walking distance nail salons and diamond nails pops up. not a lot of reviews but all good. i decided to give it a try. i am so glad i did. i walked in as a new client and the receptionist was so sweet. they offered water which was awesome since i walked in the vegas heat and didn't rush me at all. she told me Hoa would be doing my nails. he was the best! the massage chairs were great while i sat there. i do wish they had some magazines to read though. my blackberry kept me pretty entertained though. the best part of this pedicure was the foot massage. i am pretty sure Hoa has magical massage powers. that was the best foot massage i have ever had. why did it have to end? i was so relaxed. he is my new go-to with pedicures just for that foot massage. wow. i am dreaming about it now. as soon as the pedi is done he takes me over to this desk. by this time every employee in the salon has greeted me and asked how i was. so friendly! even the girl at the next station striked up a conversation with me while i got my mani on. again, no rush. they also don't soak your hands in water (which i love because did you know that makes your nail polish not last as long?) Hoa however did wrap each hand in a hot towel covered with plastic while he worked on the other hand. felt so good. again, another great massage. this time the hands. does he know he is removing so much stress from my life?! geesh. i need to go back weekly. he treated each nail as if it was a canvas and he was the artist. i didn't get any crazy things done just my normal "lincoln park after dark" color, but he still treated each coat like it was a masterpiece. Hoa seriously impressed me here.i know i will be back. they strive to do good for their customers. so friendly and the prices aren't awful either. 15 dollars for a manicure and 25 for a pedicure. if you get them together though it comes to $35. works for me. they also have a referral program that sounds great. 5 dollar credit for each client that says you sent them. (mention my name and yelp! haha)diamond nails did me so good. i am also proud to report my color has stayed on almost a full week (hope i didn't just jinx it!) it has usually chipped by now, but i am happy to say it is still in tact. woohoo to whatever top coat they put on!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,10/1/2011,400,1236,5,8,7>I heart tapas and I heart Firefly. I don't go nearly as often as I feel I should. Can't get enough of this place. We had another get together here with some friends and had yet another fantastic evening. I love almost everything on the menu. The lamb skewers are always cooked perfectly. The dates are to die for. We ordered some other of our favorites; pitchers of blood orange mojitos, patron peppers, mac n cheese and some tortilla espanola. Yum, yum and more yum. Can't get enough of this place. Still need to try the location on Sahara, though.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,9/30/2011,31,95,5,10,8>****Brunch Review****** There's a reason why Verandah is located in the lobby of the 4 Seasons - your experience (food, service, ambiance) will be fantastic. And, that, it was for us. For starters, my man wanted lunch-type stuff, and I wanted breakfast, so the servers brought us both menus and said it would be no problem to serve either. Ah... I could get used to this... Star 1 - The Huevos Rancheros. Perfect combo of eggs, cheese, beans, and spices. Also, the fantastic servers (see Star 5 below) were able to whip up a spicier blend of the house salsa that is served as a side. After eating at a resto which prides itself on Mexi food (see my review of Hussong's) on the same weekend, I was pleasantly surprised at the authentic quality of this dish. Star 2 - the gluten free lemon pancakes. Yum and yum. You could taste the hint of lemon in each bite, but it was not too overpowering. Perfection. Star 3 - the mahi mahi soft tacos. Again, perfect fish-to-everything else ratio so that you could actually taste all of the ingredients and marvel at how well they worked together. Also, a special shout out to the accompanying guac. Star 4 - Beverages - First, let's start with the Latte, which I asked be served with a shot of hazelnut. This latte might just be the best I've had in Vegas. No sugar-additives needed, and it tasted very creamy, even though they substituted the real milk for almond milk. And (drum rolls please) -- their iced tea. With the iced tea ice cubes (so that the tea doesn't taste watered down), and the liquid sugar pour (so that each sip of tea tastes like the last one since the liquid sugar dissolves more quickly), it is deliciousness in a glass. Star 5 - Leo and Lucio - our servers. I should probably have broken them out into separate stars but I'm running out of stars here!! No request big or small was too much for them. The fact that we had 2 servers for 2 diners should alone tell you how far they will go to make sure you have a great meal. These two gents only helped make this meal that much more fantastic. Lest you think we are a couple of barbarians, we did have a special situation which allowed us to sample many dishes at the same time. No, we did not eat everything we ordered at one seating.... that said, these were some of the best leftovers ever!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,9/29/2011,143,170,8,10,11>Let the So-Cal tourists have their $20 drinks on the strip.  I'll take Frankie's any day of the week.  Frankie's Tiki Room is a local treasure.  It belongs on everyone's top 5 list of non-strip drinking spots.  It has a unique decor (well . . .tiki rooms are rare on the mainland if not unique), serious charm and a comfy but stylish atmosphere.  And by stylish I mean hip, but not hipster and filled with a decor that was cheesy in the 80s, ironic in the 90s and just plain awesome today.  The 1950s ideal of Hawaiian culture exploded in this place and out of the explosion the bar's owners have sculpted a wonderful collection of mixed drinks and a solid drinking spot.  Think warm, dark cave, but with carved tiki poles and 1950s Hawaii icons on the wall.  And next to the bar--two plasma televisions showing hula dancing, surfing and 1950s erotic dancing.Damn, I love this place.  Just talking about it, I wish it was happy hour o'clock. The bar offers a nice happy hour and surprisingly powerful pours on mixed drinks.  Seriously.  Be careful ordering off that drink menu without a pre-appointed designated driver.  More than one person has enjoyed a few sweeter-than-sweet cocktails and slurrily ordered a taxi to take them home.  Bottom line: it's a great place to hang out most nights of the week and a bar I hope stays in business for a long time.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,9/28/2011,223,135,10,10,8>This is my "go-to" fast food. It is sooooo YUMMY! It is located in the food court at the Galleria mall.....I know...but don't let the screaming kids and crowds of people stop you for going there for your next meal! The food is amazing!This placed is owned by a group of brothers. The food is authentic and everything is homemade...including their baklava and tomato sauce. They will usually give you a sample of whatever they are currently grilling while you choose your meal.We always get either the gyro plate or a plain gyro. The food is so fresh and flavorful. I like mine with crisp, ripe tomatoes and yogurt. The pita bread is warm and chewy and holds the rice and homemade tomato sauce just perfect. HEAVEN. They are a bit on the pricey end. We usually spend almost $25 for two of us....a bit expensive for mall food....but it is still worth it. You get what you pay for. HINT: They have recently posted a groupon TWICE so keep your eyes out. We always buy the max each time. Yeah, that is how we roll!When it comes to mall food I am officially a GREEK geek....with baklava on the side yo!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,9/27/2011,408,99,4,10,7>No, for reals! BFG, man! B... F'ing... G!I've been itching to come here for the longest time, but since it isn't close to my house, my visit has been delayed, but since my gf and I were on vacation for winter break, we placed BFG on our Go-To list and we should've placed it on our Go-To list a few more times!  After reading the rest of my fellow Yelpers' reviews, I already decided on what to order before I even went there.  And when my gf and I showed up here and ordered without even having to look at the menu twice, Jin, the co-owner, knew we were Yelpers!  How cool!I ordered the #2: Baked Chicken, Baked Mac and Cheese, and garlic toast with Sweet Chili and Cheese.  My gf ordered the #3: Fried Chicken, Baked Mac and Cheese, and garlic toast with Wasabi Cream and BFG sauce.  It was semi busy so Jin gave us a heads up that the food might take a minute and I thought that was cool that he was honest about it.  I saw the other owner, Tin, working up a sweat cooking in the back, but he was never too busy to give a welcoming smile and hello to everyone who came in.  I sat there and looked around and noticed how very welcoming and friendly Jin was with everyone who came in.  He called everyone by name and the best thing about it was that he remembered everyone!  He made sure everyone's drinks were full and had small talk with everyone like they were best friends!When we got our food, we dug right in! Wasabi cream and Sweet Chili is THE BEST SAUCE EVER!  Definitely memorable and kills my other favorite Cane Sauce.  The chicken was perfectly cooked because even if it was baked, it wasn't dry, but full of juice and flavor!  The mac and cheese was a great addition to the baked chicken and complemented my palette! After we devoured our food, we had some small talk with Jin and got to know him a little bit more.  He even asked to take our photo when we finished our food!The best part about our visit to BFG wasn't just the delicious chicken and friends, but the hospitality and winning attitude shared by Jin and Tin!  I wish you the best of luck and look forward to the future surprises that BFG has to offer!  The food was soo good, I had to order some to-go to bring home for my mom to try! BFG, son! And wha!?
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2011,9/26/2011,235,106,3,14,4>With all that Las Vegas has to offer on the culinary scene, one of its weakest categories is Barbeque. Barbeque in Las Vegas has been a joke that just doesn't get funnier with each telling. It's apparent that Vegas needs Barbeque, because there is always another joint being opened up by someone who has no idea how to make Barbeque.The few places that do Barbeque right in this town get everything else wrong. Remember, Barbeque is working man's food. It is supposed to be affordable and in large quantities that satisfy the hungriest cowboy - an idea that Lucille's has completely forgotten. It is also supposed to be rustic and down-home, served in off-the-wall joints with billows of smoke flavoring the neighborhood - something you won't get at the Wisconsin based Dave's.Then comes Big Paul's BBQ. You've never heard of it, it not a chain. You've probably never seen it, it sits quietly on a simple strip mall corner of western Flamingo Ave. It's rustic, it's understated, it down-home - in-other-words - it's almost perfect.Ribs, Chicken, Links, Brisket, Pulled Pork and Catfish are just a few of the menu items to choose from. I had the Brisket and Ribs combo - 3 full pounds of deliciously smoke meat a couple of sides and bread.The brisket was perfectly tender, with a beautiful ring of pink on the outside as proof its slow-smoked preparation. You could tell that Paul left the fat on the brisket during the smoking process. The ribs were equally well smoked and fall-off-the-bone tender just like the brisket. I got both without the sauce, because I like to taste the Barbeque itself before the sauce has its affect. The BBQ Beans were definitely delicious, the green beans were canned and one of the few detractions to the rest of the meal. The dry ribs were evidence that Paul doesn't do much to season the Barbeque during the smoking process. Although some prefer their Barbeque this way, I have always been a bigger fan of a dry rub or a vinegar wash during smoking.All-in-all, the meat was delicious and the spicy BBQ Sauce was pretty good (next time I will try the regular BBQ Sauce). Big Paul is from the Houston area and he holds true to the region's Barbeque roots. I think with time, Big Paul's BBQ could definitely evolve into a local gem. It gets 3 stars now, but I can see it moving up to 4 in no time.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,9/25/2011,85,90,10,9,10>If you didn't get the idea from the 200+ user reviews raving about this place, then yes, the Oyster Bar is delicious. "How delicious," you ask? "Very delicious," I say. When a place has me ogling over a pan roast more than a celebrity crush, it really means something (Actually, that might just mean that I'm a glutton. Never mind that though). Since there are already boatloads of praise from other wonderful Yelpers, I'll try not to be redundant. Thus, I'll leave you with a summation of tips, from one glutton to another:1. First visit? Order a pan roast. It's practically their signature item. Ordering other items could leave you happy, but not as happy as a pan roast would make you. You do like to be happy, don't you?2. Starving? Order a platter of fresh oysters too. They're some of the freshest oysters that I've had in Vegas.3. Pro-tip? Get an extra roll with your pan roast to use as a shoveling tool. Extras are free. You just have to ask for them.4. Pro-pro-tip? Friday and Saturday nights are their peak hours. You could be standing in line for 30 minutes to an hour. I've heard that it's gotten as long as 2.5 hours at the most busy of times. On a early Sunday afternoon, I got seated with a group of 4 instantly.5. Want to go there now? Call me. It's a date.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,9/24/2011,292,759,4,10,6>If my office was closer I'd eat here nearly everyday (as it is I make the trek 1-2x a week!). Olivier is a fabulous host and seems genuine and passionate about the quality of his food. Yup, it's just a sandwich shop, but I cannot think of a better soup/salad/sandwich spot in town. His food reminds me of eating in a cute cafe in Paris without the price tag! I typically get the Proscuitto salad and one of his yummy soups. They change daily and have yet to disappoint. The cream of mushroom was the best cream of mushroom I've ever had. I look forward to trying more of them every time I go. My favorite new addition to the menu is the FRESH Thai coconuts !! I adore coconut water so getting the chance to drink out of a fresh coconut from Thailand on my lunch break is a major treat.I won't deduct any stars for this, but it's a major bummer there is never any quiche when I go at lunch. Apparently it sells out at breakfast. I keep crossing my fingers and hoping he'll have some at lunch time someday!!  The selection of baked type things is relatively limited in general, but I appreciate that they make the baked good fresh so it's hard to have a huge variety on hand at a small restaurant. I adore Baguette Cafe because there is decidedly nothing Vegas about it. Fresh healthy DELICIOUS foods served by a charming owner - I've found my favorite lunch spot in Vegas.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,9/23/2011,379,224,8,9,5>Been here several times now for lunch and once for dinner. Found this place while driving in the area. Doesn't look like much from outside but believe me, this place still got me grinning from ear to ear!..Recommendations:Italian Bread with butter (included) - Always fresh and a nice starter every time..Spaghetti Bolognese Pork: Fresh Pasta (made in house), little chunks of sausage, little chopped cubes of carrots and their red sauce.. The pasta was Incredible, sauce was like butter with some aromatic and delicious olive oil  and an excellent balance of tomato sweetness and tart that was sure to more than satisfy!.. Spaghetti Zucchini Pomodoro: Fresh Pasta, thick slices of zucchini, herbs, red sauce.... 99% of the time, I order pasta with some type of meat (meatballs, sausage, beef, chicken..), this time I decided to go meatless.. WOW!!!!! Seriously, this was Beyond Anything I expected.. One of The Best Pasta Anything I've Ever Ate!  Meat Lasagna: Fresh slices of pasta in between layers of meat, sauce, ricotta.. Rich in flavor, got that creaminess to it and definitely filling. Should fill up 2 hungry people and have leftovers.. Rum Cake: Definitely had that rum liqour  fragrance, moistness and taste that will send you off to dessert bliss! Nothing too Fancy, Just Rumtastic!The first time I dined here, I was so impressed that I almost stayed to have dinner right after a late lunch.. Like Back to Back Meals!! Every night, the chef comes in and decides what will be on the menu for that particular night. So next time, So and so dish might not show up again or at least for a while.. The service was great every visit, lunch prices awesome, dinner prices average and the ambiance very comforting and a tad elegant the same time. Aside from the typical bench, table/chair dining, they also got couches/coffee table seating as well. *Most importantly*, Both Spaghetti entrees mentioned above deserve Much More than a 5 Star Praise!!!!! They Really Set A New Standard In My Book: On How Pasta Should Taste Like!!!!!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,9/22/2011,211,168,6,8,7>Mmm. Firefly to the tenth power. Food came out bangin'. To begin we ordered the stuffed dates, some of the lightly breaded calamari, pan y manchego cheese, paella and I believe braised mussels. Definitely one of the best food experiences I've had since moving here. Paella was delicious. It came out hot, with a lobster claw and a ginormous prawn for the "Mixed Paella" that was nice and tender. Service was on point -- filling our water when needed, divvying our paella, providing us with some bread when we needed to sop up some mussel juice even. Service wasn't too obtrusive and dispite being a little secluded in the back corner (it was by choice as I wanted for me and the date to have a little privacy) came by frequently enough to check up on us when needed. Oh and all that seafood paired with the light, crisp white wine sangria just made my mouth melt. I wanted a pitcher. But watch out tho' folks, just like any well prepared, crazy yummy, addictive sangria, this one is a creeper drink. Talk about the perfect libation to cool off that stifling Los Wages heat. Definitely enough to get that party started.. When it was all said and done we were so full we passed up dessert.One *very* minor knock though is the restaurant's casual ambiance. While I knew it was a fairly laid back spot with it's open air setting I expected at least a few secluded areas with more private dining where I didn't have to hear the adjacent table's conversation.. or visa versa. But so what, it may not be an incredibly romantic spot but the great food, white wine sangria and service left me wanting to come back for more, date in tow or not.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,9/21/2011,1407,1189,6,9,7>*200th Review*I've had many a Chicago Dogs, But never a Peruvian Dog or Tokyo Brat, so me and my wifey paid a visit to The Lunch Box.As you step inside, Cool artwork and vintage lunchboxes add to the laid back vibe of this place. The owner Joe, can be seen in action servin' up his Dogs or whipping up his chocolate-studded waffflewiches to order.Wifey went with the Peruvian and some salt & vinegar chips, I went with a Peruvian, Tokyo Brat, and some Hawaiian Style BBQ Chips. Joe's selection of Faygo Sodas from Detroit are cool too! We both got Peach which went perfectly with our lunch(Other places that carry Faygo  are Detroit Motor City Coney Dogs on Water Street in Henderson, and on the Haulin' Balls Food Truck) The Peruvian was good, but my favorite was the Tokyo Brat. He also had a Milwaukee Dog which I'm curious about. Well, there's always next time...After lunch, we decided to try one of Joe's Wafflewiches. He had Mocha Fudge, Pistachio, and Vanilla. We kept it simple and split a vanilla wafflewich.Warm, crisp exterior, soft interior, a great end to an awesome lunch!Muchos Mahalos Joe, you da Man!!!!...........ALOHA!!!
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,9/20/2011,295,89,25,21,17>When it comes to Las Vegas these days it is easy to find flaws...of course being the epitome of perfection as Rex is...it is easy.  Times have hit this city hard. The days of wine, roses and cheap gas for huffing are over. These are the tough times. The rough times. The decline of western civilization times. The times for poorly written and cliched observations.  Rex gets it. Times are tough for all of us. Rex can relate...a few nights ago he did the unthinkable...he ate at Panda Express.  Rex rarely feels shame but he does now. Rex knows that it is awful. Unthinkable. Rex will admit something else. A few days ago Rex huffed diesel insteal of premium unleaded.  Rex has hit bottom...Rex even considered going to the Circus Circus. Rex wept in shame.Days went by...Rex could barely endure the horror. He ate at Roccos and plummeted further into a depression. None of the usual things made him feel better. Mocking Andre Agassi's hairline...no joy.  Circling cellulite in Star magazine...no joy. Licking the ground in front of Dairy Queen...no joy. Having sexual intercourse with himself...okay...that wasn't bad. Still...it wasn't the screaming ecstasy that Rex has come to expect.  Rex began to wonder...you know what will cheer Rex up...college coeds. Sexy college chicks. So he visited the strip clubs...and was rudely told that you must wear pants to enter. Rex doesn't wear pants for strip club. Rex called them fascists. Rex was beaten savagely by these pituitary cases...these rejects from the CFL.  Rex woke up in a dumpster near the college...his favorite way to awaken. He smelled good food. He walked. He hoped. He put on pants. He smelled again. He rubbed his eyes. He scratched his crotch vigorously. He wrote on a note pad to look for a used antibiotics bottle during one of his "treasure" hunts.  He went inside...he wept.Cuginos. Cugino's Italian Deli. More beautiful words were never spoken...except the time I said "please don't wake up Jessica Biel." (She didn't.)  Finding this gem in the desert was a shocking turn events for this depressed cow poke...(that was Rex's nickname...Rex "Cow Poke" Marvin...don't ask).  Rex was often told that there is NO INTELLIGENCE AT ALL to be found anywhere near UNLV.  After witnessing an after hours party, and scoring with an 18 year old chick who thought i was Brad Pitt's brother, Stu. Stu Pitt.  I thought they were right....but there are all only 99.9% correct.  The owner and operators of Cuginos are BRILLIANT! They are food genius's.  Great sandwiches. Check. Great ingredients. Check. Willing to serve a crying man with no pants. No check...the one strike against them.  Everything Rex has ever had there is brilliant.  Rex must recommend a few things...because that is what Rex does so perfectly.  Donnie's Special is a great sandwich. Chicken is perfectly cooked and seasoned. The fresh mozzarella is the best...more on that in the next paragraph. The Cuginos special is a great cold sandwich...if only slightly under seasoned.  The penne a la vodka is great.  Everything is great. if I had one complaint it would be that most dishes are so delicately seasoned they boarder on under seasoned. Rex promised to save the best for last...much like Rex in bed. They make their own Mozzerella and it is the best in the city by far and away. New York curds made into pefect cheese...and extremely reasonably priced. Rex always buys some when he is there and chews on it like biting into bread. Just eats it raw. Rex understands perfection. He lives it. Rarely can you describe anything in the food business as perfect, and not just for these crumbling times in Las Vegas...but for anywhere any time. Every other deli in the city should look at Cuginos as the blueprint on how to succeed. Reasonably priced. Great food and uncompromising ingredients. Rex is your perfect love. You are his perfect fool. Rex will be back to Cuginos. Rex will be back for you...and you will love him for it. Rex will leave...and you will love him more for it. Rex will love the cash he took from your purse.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,9/19/2011,213,80,6,12,11>A while back, I was living in SLC, UT for 6 years. I slowly became a coffee drinker since the winter in SLC was pretty long and chilly :) I was introduced to this great coffee shop called, 'Salt Lake Roasting Co.' which is located in downtown area. I loved this place because of their cozy atmosphere and the great taste of coffee. I am very happy to find out that Sambalatte is opened in town :)   My favorite aspect of Sambalatte is the atmosphere!!  Just like the one(SLRC) in SLC...The downstairs is a little bit bigger than the upstairs area (loft style, big wooden table with a plenty of comfy chairs & sofas, board games, books, magazines, & new papers are available to use). There are various sizes of tables you can set up on free wi-fi as well, awesome!! If you are a espresso drinker, I recommend a 'Affogato with Vanilla Gelato'-it's simply put, a shot of espresso with a scoop of your choice of gelato in it.  I usually get a regular coffee(Sumatra) and it is divine! When I order my coffee, the barista pours water over the coffee bean grounds, stirring them, and pouring the water (A hand drip coffee, yay :P)  But more importantly, the service was out of this world. All the staff were friendly, nice, and helpful. They also provide you a drink card (ask a barista before you pay). It is a great local coffee option if you want to do your work or hang out in a relaxed atmosphere.  You don't get hassled or interrupted.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2011,9/18/2011,664,612,6,8,9>Two times, same order, years apart!The chirashi bowl.....rice, sashimi, and the special Yummy Grill kicker...rice seasoning!!!! yummmm seaweed deliciousness.I took it to go years ago (rhyme intended) and forgot about the rice seasoning but remembered it was decent.  I was in the neighborhood yesterday and was torn between healthy raw sushi and fried calamari and shrimp appetizer at Sierra Gold.  Told myself to wait until I am married before I eat more fried stuff, and went to Yummy for grub.Waitress was nice, green iced tea refreshing and refilled, and Chirashi was pretty and sprinkled with magic seaweed dust.  It had tamago, salmon, eel, tuna, red snapper, and one sneaky sexy yellowtail belly cut.  It was fresh, tasty, healthy-ish (minus the fatty fish I suppose, but it is GOOD fat I tell you) and fit the needs of my hungry tummy.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,9/17/2011,216,391,5,10,7>Yikes, I guess my review disappeared.  Came here after working out at the gym and since I've always drove past it on Eastern I figure this was the best time to try it.  I came here solo and in my gym gear (so I was ready to get messy) and got 2 large crabs and a lb of shrimp.  The shrimp was good and the crabs were too!  I've broken crab before so I had my own method of doing things but the people that worked there showed me how they normally do it.Crab pro tip:  Take a leg or claw out and flip the crab over.  With the tip of the leg/claw flip the tail or bottom shell up and rip it out.  Then separate the shell from the body from behind!  Eat everything but the gills and shell!  And the hammer or mallot thing they give you is for cracking the claw!Anyways, I found out that this will be the Baltimore Ravens bar on NFL Sundays.  How awesome for them.  Crab "is greater than" Crawfish, ahem.  But the shrimp was just a filler.   Some people didn't make a mess of themself but I did, but I had gym clothes on so I didn't care!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,9/16/2011,161,172,9,12,13>First off i i want to wish Island Style a happy 19th birthday and congratulate them on their years of success!This one is special.. I can always count on this place to make me feel at home with it's welcoming enviorment and super ono food.  Feels cozy just how i would imagine Hawaii to be.Lately ive been getting the teriyaki salmon w/ brown rice, but my all time favorite and go to spot would be for their bibim naengmyeon. i haven't had it there for a while because i've waiting for the weather to get warmer, so i can enjoy it more.  But Imagine a cold spicy noodle dish on a hot summer day.   Mmmm, broke da mouth, cuz.  I can't wait to go back and get my fat on there as well as getting my spirit lifted by Russel.  You can tell he just enjoys life and it'll rub off on you too.  Mahalo!*sidenote* My first review off my cell phone.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,9/15/2011,606,96,7,10,9>When it's that time to shop for new clothes, shoes, and accessories... I drive literally across town near Henderson to Silverado Ranch and Eastern, where Greatland Target Shopping Center is located. Some stores can be quite overwhelming, but this one is organized to where you don't get a headache looking at everything. It's located near Nordstrom Rack and Marshall's. It's facing the opposite side of Ulta, same building complex where Target is. Since there are many stores to choose from, this cute boutique could easily be overlooked. This is my first stop when I visit this shopping area after I browse that huge, peaceful Target store that I swear nobody goes to... hehe so nice!This store is well lit at night and when you enter, there's always a sale associate greeting and informing you on their specials that they have going on right now. They used to have EVERYTHING 50% off, which I went absolutely bonkers on. Now they lowered all their prices, so either way you're still getting a great deal. I always find something original here. The owner, Nike ( like the shoes) hand picks all his clothes and he's very particular in what he puts in his store. I have one soft, stretchy material mixed color pink dress that I bought here that every single time I wear it out... I always have a few people that stop and ask me where I bought that dress. The colors are refreshing to the eyes and it lures curious shoppers to find out where I shop. I honestly never seen any other girl wear this dress. It was literally the last one when I bought it and lucky me... it was on SALE. Oh I skipped out of there like a kid with a big, round colorful lollipop.. with suspenders and all! Pigtails.. no? Ok never mind. I also found a fitting, stylish belt to enhance tight dresses and shirts. Words of advice: You have to enjoy looking, to discover a great find.This store has some really cute short shorts for when you are taking some sexy pole dance classes.. What!?!? You don't know what that is?! Kiddin' me!!! They have strings on the side that you can tie up and it gives your silhouette more.. what's the word?!? Sex appeal.. yes. That's it alright ; ) Some clothings are slightly pricey due to the fact that the quality speaks for itself and the design is well worth the price when you can't find that type of comfort, soft fabric that feels so good against the skin, and style that just... fits. I fell in love in the dressing room when I tried on this beautiful, assorted colors of blues- Bohemian Skirt. I even said out loud... "Oh MY!!!" after I put it on. My plain turquoise tank top I was wearing became Thee tank top after putting on that skirt. It completely transformed my tank top and gave it this.. soft, feminine wind blowing in your hair look. The mirror was covered with my joy and smiles of hitting the jackpot of discovering that "great find." Fyi after diligently looking and trying clothes on... yes that's right.. Get yourself a slice of Strawberry Shortcake at Freed's Bakery that's nearby. Why?!?! Well because you deserve it you sweet thang, for having the patience to look around.. it gets exhausting sometimes you know. Yes... get it, get it girl!If it's belts, sunglasses, jewelry (*I was eyein' their white watches), hats, shoes, cute dresses, sexy club attire, velour jumpsuits, this is worth the drive to stop by. You might get lucky and buy everything you've been looking for.. or at least one thing :) ENJOY!
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,9/14/2011,92,112,5,9,8>OHHHH YEAH!Love this place and will be going there a lot.  Let's start with their story.  They are a nice Korean couple who ran a Mexican market for 10 years.  Their food isn't a copy of the Kogi truck phenomenon in Southern California but rather a result of their experience at the market. They sold tacos, burritos, etc at their market.However, they cooked food for themselves.  So they would blend mexican food with korean bbq, chinese food, etc.  Pretty soon customers would ask them what they were cooking/eating and ask if they could try it.  Long story made short - eventually their fusion food was doing much better business than the market itself.  So they made the leap to open up their own restaurant.Now - on to the restaurant.  It doesn't have a ton of decor but that's to be expected from folks opening up their own business on a shoestring budget.  The food, however, is outstanding.I had the following:Burrito with Korean bbq pork.  This was definitely the highlight of my meal.  Served with a side of kimchee (though I'd recommend you ask for it inside the burrito if you want the best experience), the bbq pork is absolutely delicious.  Tender, flavorful, sweet, and savory.  Served with rice and veggies inside.  They serve the kimchee on the side cause they are worried about how Americans will react to it.  But I think you need the tangy kimchee to balance out the richness of the meat.  That's standard cooking.  The owners also bring you 3 hot sauces.  A korean chili, mexican hot sauce, and the owners' own house made hot sauce.  I'm not a big hot sauce person, but the owners' sauce was really excellent and flavorful.Taco with bulgogi (beef).  A big, meaty taco that has too much to eat without spilling out the fillings.  I don't think that's necessarily great to have so much on top but I know others will love the value.  Served with a lime wedge as is traditional.  Nice tender, flavorful meat with nice crispy veggies.  They serve you tortilla chips and salsa while you wait.  They seen to be from flour rather than corn tortillas which is unorthodox but fine.  The value is definitely there.  It's cheap.  I actually think they should raise the price a buck on all the food and move to a richer neighborhood but that's just me.  I will back here many times.  This is really a hidden gem.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,9/13/2011,170,176,10,9,9>Went to HnJ#2 on a Friday for lunch and it wasn't crowded at all. We sat at the booth which was nice and comfy. However, getting up out of it was a little hard, because the padding of the seat stuck to my legs. lolThe servers were nice and friendly and may i say good looking ;)I ordered :CalamariFriesFried Shrimp1lb of Lousiana style shrimp2 lbs of Crawfish (1lb LOUISIANA style, 1lb Lemon Garlic)Overall, the food was good. The problem is, I had so much garlic, that i had hot garlic breath all night long.. even after brushing a couple times..  My advice.. get something that's not garlicky =P but i think that would be tough.. Enjoy your crawfish! I know i i enjoyed all of it!!!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,9/12/2011,227,94,5,15,10>Looking for good banh mi? How about fresh, flavorful spring rolls? Or maybe you're in the mood for boba? Well, you don't have to search any longer because Mr. Sandwich delivers on all these levels and more! Not only is Mr. Sandwich convenient and wallet/credit card friendly (no minimum purchase required here!), they also have Free Wifi! Yes! So you can nibble on Vietnamese eats while surfing the web- a perfect match. I ordered the Grilled Chicken Banh Mi- flavorful pieces of chicken and pickled veggies sandwiched between a buttery, crispy baguette. Quite delicious. I also ordered Shrimp & Pork Spring Rolls ($3)- Two nicely sized spring rolls packed with lettuce, green onion, cilantro, shrimp and pork, with a side of sweet, slightly spicy peanut dipping sauce. Fresh and healthy. The place is clean and the workers are friendly- extra points. I think I found my new hangout in Chinatown when I'm in need of Internet and tasty treats.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,9/11/2011,234,139,5,10,12>NO RESERVATIONS(actually...we had reservations at 6:45pm and we beat the dinner rush! nice job on making the reservations LiLy!!)I never made it out to The French Laundry when I lived in the Bay Area so I've been wanting to try this place ever since I watched the No Reservations: Vegas episode. I thought that it would be perfect to do my 100th review Anthony Bourdain style. I came here with a few of my favorite yelp-izzles. LiLy D, Elnino F, and Angela H made this dinner hella damn fun!Our server Michael, was awesome. He had the specials memorized and kept us entertained with jokes throughout the night.What I ordered:Salmon Rillettes $17.50Steak Frites $36.50Sauteed Spinach $7.501 Bottle of Cabernet - France 2007 $48There are no bread plates, so you just eat off the table. The bread comes out warm and was very good. They also give you some warm pistachios. The Salmon Rillettes were my favorite dish of the night. It is fresh & smoked salmon served with toasted croutons. I think LiLy might have liked that dish more than me. I also had some of LiLy's Onion Soup and I like that too. I have a bite of Elnino's Endive Salad. The Steak Frites was cooked to perfection. It is a pan-seared prime flatiron steak with caramelized shallots, maitre d'hotel butter & french fries. I originally asked for my steak cooked rare, but changed it to medium-rare as suggested by our server. Great suggestion Michael! The Sauteed Spinach was good too. I had a few pieces of LiLy's lamb. It was a little salty, but still good. I had a piece of Elnino's scallop, which was yummy. I also had a bite of Angela's chicken, which was also yummy!The wine was a good choice. Nice pick LiLy!!I wanted dessert, but didn't see anything that jumped off the page.I will mos def come back for some more of the Salmon Rillettes and probably try some of the shellfish.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,9/10/2011,242,416,7,7,7>Just a quick update.I haven't been here for about 6 months since I've been going back and forth between Vegas and Tahoe, but I came here with my boyfriend a couple days ago around 7:30am after purchasing a Groupon and Jeff (I'm assuming that's the guy that's always there) still remembered us! I thought that was pretty awesome considering we haven't come here in so long. I ordered Yooni's favorite (strawberry, banana, vanilla ice cream, choco sauce) w/ coffee like always and my bf ordered another combination minus the strawberries with soda. There's always free refills on coffee, so I usually end up refilling twice (3 times if I'm feelin' crazy). The strawberries were a tad more sour than usual, but everything else was perfect. We both cleaned our plates and left satisfied. This is always my first choice whenever I'm in need of a waffle fix and in the Vegas area. I always order Yooni's favorite because I have a killer sweet tooth, but my bf and brother are both in love with their waffle sandwiches as well. Next time I plan on trying a waffle pizza and boba tea!
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,9/9/2011,247,589,8,9,8>Yummy, cheap, a thousand times better than Panda Express or any other main-stream place (such as L&L). This is a very non-assuming joint in a big shopping center off of Craig in North Las Vegas, but if you find it, you have found a gem!I went here on a lunch date with a friend of mine and we arrived just around 11:40 AM on a Friday. There were open booths/tables and a small line. We both took our time checking out the menu and decided to get one of their daily specials, the "808" special. You get two choices of entrees (however it is limited to certain ones), and your choice of slaw, rice, or a mixed green salad. My friend and I like to share so we thought this would be the best way for us to try a bunch of different things, so here's what we got:Chicken KatsuShoyu ChickenGrilled SalmonGarlic AhiSpam Musubi (2)My favorites were definitely the grilled salmon and the garlic ahi. The chicken was so-so. So I would absolutely reccomened the fish dishes over anything else here. The salmon seriously had this amazing flavoring in it that made it so yummy. My friend doesn't even like salmon and she said she liked this one. The musubi was good too and it had just come out fresh when we ordered ours.I love that you can get a green salad here as a side. This one they had was great too - leafy greens, very fresh and with a nice side of dressing as well. If you live in the NLV area you should definitely make it a habit to come here. I know I'm going to be coming back.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,9/8/2011,167,188,8,10,7>Cheap meal? - check.Great sushi? - check.All you can eat? -  check.Food made to order? - check.What more could you want? I accidentally stumbled upon this place while driving around my work area looking for lunch. What a great find! I loved the selection of specialty rolls and sides (green mussels, MMm!).
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,9/7/2011,378,248,6,16,8>Was it my love of dogs that brought me to Rambo's Kitchen?  (There is a picture of the owner's dog "Rambo" on the sign)  I stopped in last night for dinner, and knew the moment I walked in that this place had a shot at being great.  The restaurant is decked out with tie-dye, vintage concert posters, and other 60's and 70's era memorabilia.  A few menu items and specials are written on the wall, and the music plays at an appropriate level.  Last night "Bernadette" by the Temptations was on as we entered, a personal favorite.  The menu has a lot of variety; its a good idea to ask your server what's delicious?  Most items come with a side, and even though there were a lot of choices, we both ordered the hand-cut fries.Our Dinner:Sm. Onion rings - They were standard onion rings, not too greasy, crisp coating.  The side of ranch they are served with is key.Turkey Avocado Croissant w/ hand cut fries - A flaky, buttery croissant hugged some fresh slices of avocado, lettuce, tasty turkey, and a little aioli.  It was very good.  The FRIES are excellent.  The hand-cut bad boys were in-and-out strives to be, but falls short of accomplishing.  They aren't fast food fries, but they are similar to in-and-out in cut.  The RAMBO BURGER - Oh Yeeeaaahhhh!  (Hulk Hogan voice)As soon as I saw this I figured, "I worked hard this week, I earned this."  This juicy, 1/2 pound burger is stuffed with various cheeses, (mild with a hint of sharp cheddar) topped with home made BBQ Pulled Pork and an onion ring.  The lightly toasted bun was incredible.  If this burger won an award, it would first thank the bun for its great support.  There is a roll of paper towels on the table so fear not, a little contained chaos is what all of us need once in a while.  I liked the flavors a lot.  I asked for a side of BBQ sauce and dipped a bit because it was so good.Bottom Line:  My parents and yours would love this place.  I love Rambo's Kitchen because it is family run, practically everything is made from scratch, it is reasonably priced, and fun.  This is a Diner's Drive ins, and Dives spot waiting to be discovered.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,9/6/2011,420,186,17,27,23>My little brother and I decided we were hungry, so I quickly yelped what was near me, and Fat Boy was one of the first to show on my nearby list.  I quickly read a couple of reviews and found that all were 5-stars. My curiosity sky-rocketed, I looked up the menu online, and we called in to order. (They were going to close in 20 minutes, but were still undoubtedly happy to take & make my order. THUMBS UP!)WHEN: They are open & available from 10am-9pm. Dine in, take-out, delivery!WHAT WE HAD:-Guacamole Boyger: This was my pic, and yayyy!! I did it!! This burger was satisfactory indeed!!! If you are a fan of avocado, this should be your pick!-Hawaiian Boyger: This was my brother's choice and of course I had to snag a bite!! This burger was like CRACK! I seriously wish I chose this burger as my first pick! It had the perfect amount of pineapple, plus that bbq sauce! Gotta love that bbq sauce on a burger!-Chencho fries: Now this is a must try!!! You can choose either fat or skinny fries! It is drenched in that delicious green sauce and covered in melted mozzarella! NUM NUM NUMWHY: You will not be disappointed!!*NOTE: I was chatting it up with the dude that worked there, and I was explaining what yelp was to him. He said he gets a lot of yelpers!! Muahaha, YELPERS SPREAD LOVE!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2011,9/5/2011,76,63,7,6,6>So since I can't review them separately this is For the Frog AND The Whiskey attic.In most cases this would be a 5 star dive bar. They have almost any beer you could ever want and many you have never heard of. The staff, for the most part, knows more about beer than your average brewery employee and can guide you through the menu with ease.There is a good jukebox, and with the high ceilings it is a great place frequently see FREE live music.I've only eaten here once, and I had the Chilli, which I'm pretty particular about and there's definitely hits the spot, served  in a big bowl and heavy enough to satisfy your stomach and hold up to a night of beer sampling.The rest of menu is typical bar food favorites like burgers, wings, fries, nachos, etc.The Whiskey Attic is the place where a whiskey fanatic's dreams come true. When I first walked through the door and entered the room I felt like Howard Carter breaking through the wall into Tut's tomb.It's not open all the time and to get up there you basically have to request it from the staff, usually when Adam is there. On both occasions I've been he took our group up to see it and give us a rundown of the place. But....like I said this WOULD be a 5 star, except for one factor. PRICES!Go during happy hour and take advantage. Some of these items are understandably high because they are limited, seasonal, or specially imported...but trust me I know how much beer costs...especially here in Las Vegas. And the reason I'm not a frequent patron (even though I like the place) is that in that atmosphere with that location everything is 10-20% higher than its competition and demographic.So...If for example I want a Huckleberry Finn Nut Brown Bourbon Ale or a 23 year old whiskey that I just can't get anywhere else, the Frog/Whiskey Attic is where I'll go.Or if I'm on campus around happy hour I'll stop in for a quick one. But otherwise this place will be my favorite place that I never go.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,9/3/2011,1362,984,7,26,11>With the sudden and sad departure of SHIN Yakitori House in the Spring Valley area, Kyara comes as a welcome addition in this neighborhood.Call it a cross between Ichiza and Raku, this town has plenty of room for another izakaya type of establishment and many hungry customers waiting in the wings.Kyara is located in an unassuming and relatively quiet area along Jones and Sunset next to a Tropical Smoothie Cafe.  The mood is set when you enter what feels like a upscale restaurant.  Chaos is not what this place is about.There are plenty of counter seats where you can watch the kitchen in action, but with the Baby in tow, we sat at a table. The restaurant is set up in sections making private parties a great possibility.Once we were seated, there was a slight lapse where we thought we had been forgotten. Instead, they were deep frying a fresh taste of their mountain potato to get your taste buds working.The menu is easily broken up with their daily specials being the star. It's very much a revolving menu as items available two months ago aren't offered now.Our dinner items:* Deep fried Yamaimo - This mountain potato was lightly fried with a sprinkling of furikake.  The delicate flavor surprisingly impressed us and had us wanting more of this complimentary offering.  As someone asked, was it gooey...and not at all!* Yuzu Chili Salmon Salad ($7.50) - Five slices of salmon along with greens makes this a tasty dish.  Assembled quite simply but satisfyingly.* Albacore Jalapeno ($7.50) - Seven slices of albacore that had a sauce that we enjoyed.* Spicy Tuna Dip ($5) - A generous ball of spicy tuna alongside crispy rice crackers.  We spread the tuna onto the cracker and enjoyed the crunch along with the spice.* Agedashi Tofu ($4.30) - Good, but not quite my favorite although I still enjoyed it.* Negi Ma ($1.90) - The chicken and green onion we chose to have sauce on it, our mistake.  Skip the sauce next time.* Enoki Bacon ($2.30) - Anything wrapped in bacon tastes good!* Kawa ($2.20) - Grilled chicken skin...a dash of salt and togorashi is all you need.* Butabara ($2.20) The pork belly was a rather disappointing since it was dried out and not fatty enough for me. * Daikon Salad ($4.20) - I'm not usually a fan of daikon salad but the simple additions to their version makes it a nice and subtle dish.* Gyutan ($5.50) - The beef tongue was good, but not as tender as I would have hoped.* Kaisen Chawanmushi ($5) - Their version of a steamed custard was the real winner of the night.  It was super super smooth and luxurious and probably among the best chawanmushis I have ever experienced.  It also came with a decent amount of seafood inside and the Husband and I were both thoroughly impressed.  Worth getting your own and not sharing.* Koro Steak ($9.50) - We were told it was quite tender and that is the very truth.  We both loved the steak, but could have done without the beansprouts...something else would have been better.* Soft Shell Crab Appetizer ($5.80) - My only real complaint was that it lacked something...a dipping sauce of maybe ponzu, tempura sauce, or Japanese mayo would have been nice.  But then again, maybe that's how I usually get it elsewhere and that's how I'm used to having it.* Tofu Mousse ($4.80) "Homemade Vanilla Tofu Mousse" - We're all about homemade tofu and definitely wanted to try their sweet version.  It was accompanied by a raspberry(?) sorbet-like granita that could have been broken down a bit more.  It arrived in chunks that made it   difficult to get into with the wooden spoons provided.  Nonetheless, we still enjoyed this sweet ending to our dinner.  Overall, it was a lovely Mother's Day dinner.  Service was polite and what you would expect from a real Japanese restaurant.  We were impressed by the number of Japanese diners there along with the families as well.  It brings a different ambiance and we liked it.  There are a few things that are a bit more costly than what I'd expect, so be prepared.  We'll be going back again to see what other specials come up!* * Update! We returned on 06.24.  Additional items we tried included:* Beef Tataki ($9.50) - * Homemade Tofu ($4.80) - We love the simplicity of homemade tofu.  Here it is accompanied with wasabi, bonito shavings, finely grated ginger, and scallions.* Tofu Miso Kushi ($1.50) - Three pieces on a skewer, grilled with some miso sauce.  Simple and tasty.* Wakasagi Age "Deep Fried Surf Smelt" ($4.50) * Ayu Shio Yaki "Grilled seasonal sweet fish from Japan" ($9.50) * Hirame Carpaccio "Halibut - South Korea" ($6.50)* Gyu Shabu Salad "Sliced Beef & Spinach" ($6.50)* Chocolate Fondant "Homemade Chocolate Fondant with Vanilla Ice Cream" ($6.50)We were offered a different complimentary taster, but we craved the deep fried yamaimo.  They were nice enough to fry us up a batch!  Love it! Dessert was free because it was the Husband's birthday! 4.5 stars from 4 stars!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,9/2/2011,88,240,4,9,6>Yay!!! A new calorie filled bakery has opened.....It's a small place but still filled with a good variety of yummy goodies to choose from. Right when we walked in a lady emerged who was very nice and gave my sister and I a free cake truffle. Our sample wasn't like those places that chop one cookie up into 30 pieces for you to try, this was a good sized cake truffle. I picked lemon and my sister picked red velvet- I thought both were very good, infact I bought 2 more to take home. Other goodies bought:: * Cream puff - Good price, good size, good creamy taste. *Large thumbprint cookies (Chocolate & Raspberry) - Buttery melt in your mouth cookie with raspberry jam and dark chocolate cream. *Strawberry cupcake - The least favorite of mine, it did have fresh strawberries baked into white cake(I love when real fruits are used) but the cake was dry and the  frosting was a tad bit too sweet.I really like the cake truffles,cream puff and cookies....I'll have to try another cupcake flavor the next time. Somebody walked in asking if they sold bread and they lady said , NO. So this is solely a cake/sweets bakery. I will be back......
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2011,9/1/2011,44,155,5,10,7>As my husband has written his own review, I'm going to chat about Wicked Spoon strictly from the vegetarian point of view.We've been twice for dinner and once for brunch, and this has to be the first buffet in Las Vegas where I actually had almost too many choices to try. Wow.Quantity doesn't mean much without quality, which I found to be consistently fresh-tasting and attentively prepared. (The popularity of the buffet means that items tend not to oversit under the lamps.) As others have noted, many items are pre-plated in little silver pots, with an overall "tapas" feel to the offerings. A few of the dishes I wish I had more room for include the following:* Asiago-stuffed gnocchi with herbed pesto* Leek bread pudding (a revelation)* Custom-crafted macaroni and cheese  (see below)* Red velvet pancakes (brunch)* Watermelon-cilantro salad* Mushroom and mascarpone polenta* Wild rice pilaf with walnuts and cranberries (brunch - and my husband and I did find room for seconds on this - amazing stuff)* Red curry tofu with vegetables* Yucatan green riceThe truffled potatoes were cold by the time I ooo'd and aaah'd my way to them, so I can't review them. Advice: Walk the entire buffet before making any choices, then take only a little bit of food back to your table at a time. How often, vegetarian friends, do you have to strategize at a buffet because there are too many choices? And I'm not even mentioning the soups (roasted pumpkin on one occasion), breads, cheeses, other salads, fruit, or desserts.At brunch (which is every day; no breakfast-only option), the macaroni and cheese station is regrettably replaced with an omelette station. It's a great omelette station (friendly server, all the usual mix-ins, egg white-only option), but I'm a sucker for a good pasta station. I didn't think the mac 'n cheese station would be quite as good - I prefer my "fancy" mac to be baked with buttery breadcrumbs - but the end result (garlic, tomatoes, onion, olive) had all of comfort of the dish but without the cloggy feel. The man behind the counter knows what he's doing.There is pizza, but I've only had a bite of it once. (Seemed good, but I saved my appetite for the more interesting fare.) This is NOT a buffet where vegetarians are stuck by the pizza station, hoping one of them is something other than plain cheese.As with every other buffet, there's always a queue by the gelato case, but don't miss the build-your-own strawberry shortcake. How fresh is the cake? The cream? SO fresh! My husband likes the homemade Kit-Kat bars, and the pile of fudge looks promising, but (after the shortcake), I can't resist all of the different little chocolate-shelled tarts and mousses, each as tasty as they are adorable.Service is polite-to-friendly, although if it's where Wicked Spoon loses a star for me, as the servers do get busy, and on every visited we've waited far too long for refills. The servers are apologetic, and we can see that they're rushed, but it's a problem. There is a lovely glass bottle filled with eco-conscious water on the table, and we drink that, too, but room-temperature water is not as satisfying. Hire more servers, please.If you do come for brunch, be warned that some items, like the fried chicken in little decorative baskets and the entire Asian section, don't open until an hour after the buffet opens.Will someone PLEASE send the chefs from M's Studio B for a look-see? M was my fave buffet until they deeply nerfed the veg-friendly selections *and* made it clear on their Facebook page that vegetarians are too small a demographic to deserve much consideration. Look at Wicked Spoon, M Resort. Tasty *and* inventive. This is how it's done.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,8/31/2011,562,1064,8,10,7>What a fun place! I've been wanting to try one of the popcorn places around town, but they're all mostly pretty far from me. This one, though, is right in my neighborhood. So I just had to stop in, especially since I've been craving some salty goodness.When you first walk-in, it's very minimalist. Very nice and clean and modern, but almost confusing because of how minimal it is.There are small balls hanging from the ceiling over the counter with free samples of some of the different flavors. And the staff are very nice and helpful and will give you a sample of any of the flavors.Behind the cash register is a large flatscreen with their menu. The offerings are categorized under savory, caramel, and chocolate. And there are various sizes of cups and bags offered.For my first time, I opted for the Buffalo Hot & Bleu and Dirty Vegas. I really like how the Buffalo Hot & Bleu is not the two flavors combined in one, but two different types of popcorn - one buffalo and one bleu cheese. Very yummy! The Dirty Vegas is just totally awesome! It's a mix of ALL of their flavors. A perfect way to try everything - and you never know what flavor it is until you put in your mouth.Next time I host or attend a movie night, I will most definitely be stopping here to load up. Or, ok, whenever I am craving something salty OR sweet.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,8/30/2011,142,120,4,6,7>Went here last night for my 9-month anniversary with the boyfriend since they were having an incredible deal of 1/2 off all food for locals. Needless to say, we splurged anyhow! The service here was absolutely top-notch. We never had to ask for anything whatsoever. This place is class class class all the way. The ambiance was very soothing and romantic. But the food was the true star of the show, and man did we go nuts. We got two appetizers - risotto balls and the caprese mozzarella, tomatoes, and basil. Both were absolutely delicious beyond all comprehension. The caprese - my god. The amount of cheese you get with this appetizer is mind-blowing. The only problem I had with the risotto balls was there wasn't enough, and it's not ideal for sharing because there are 5 of them - make it even! Six would have been ideal, especially for the regular price ($14 - ouch, but sooo worth it!). But I was a very good girlfriend and split the 5th one up evenly instead of devouring it myself ;DWe also split a house salad, which wow - this thing would have been enormous if I would have had it on my own. Heirloom tomatoes and the right amount of dressing made this dish delicious, and I'm glad I got my greens for the day! Our entrees were also ridiculously huge and I'm amazed that I finished every last bite. I got the gnocci with vegetables, and there was an excellent ratio in my dish, about one veggie per gnocci. Very tasty but once I got toward the end of the dish I realized it was just a teensy bit on the salty side, but still very delicious. Matt ordered a ravioli dish that he enjoyed very much. Even with all this food and being full beyond all reason, we couldn't pass up dessert - white chocolate raspberry creme brulee. The presentation was amazing and it was beyond delectable. I am very happy we decided to change up our Dad's Grilled Cheese anniversary ritual for Ferraro's. From the setting, to the service, to the food, everything was absolute perfection. I will definitely be coming back again!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,8/29/2011,519,1603,7,12,9>Absinthe is a great 90 minute show.  The acts are quite dazzling and daring--strong men doing amazing lifts and balancing, a roller skating couple, aerial act, and much more.  Think V Variety Theatre meets Zumantiy, with a zany MC, the Gazillionaire, and his peppy sidekick, Penny.When I entered the beer garden area, open to the public, I was intrigued by the decor or lack thereof.  Bathtubs made into seats, assorted lights and letters to spell the name of the beer garden, whimsical lights--it has a little of everything.If you know someone who can get you a VIP ticket, take it.  I was VIP last night.  You get to enter a private lounge.  Access is through a green telephone booth.  Once you show your ticket, you step into the booth, pick up the phone, and when someone on the other side picks up, say anything you want.  He'll let you into the VIP area.  There's another bar in there and you get 1 free drink ticket with the VIP seating.  I had a great time chatting with people from out of town.  And, it's a relaxing area decorated in an eccentric manner a bit muted compared to the outside garden.VIP ticket holders are allowed into the circular building first, so this guarantees you the seat of your choice.  I took a front row seat, and it was great.  Being the 3rd person in the theatre has its perks.  I was also "picked on" by the Gazzilionaire a bit.  All in good fun and for lots of laughs--no lap dance from Penny.The acts are dazzling.  The performers are very talented.  The show is almost exactly 90 minutes.  The seats are wood, so they begin to feel uncomfortable after awhile.  They are also hooked together with lock ties so you can't get a bit more room from your neighbor.  This is because the stage is relatively small and the performers are coming in and out through small aisles.I highly recommend this show.  What an addition to the lineup of shows in Las Vegas.  At $69 before taxes and fees, this show is less expensive than many on the Strip.  Go and enjoy!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,8/28/2011,390,337,6,15,9>I went to a "soft opening" this evening, the night before the official, full evening, and with that in mind (as with any new business), there are hiccups, but it went well overall, and any critique I make is in the interest of the place actually staying open and around for years to come, because frankly, I want it to.There is some awesome gaming at Insert Coins, as in games that you don't see at ANY arcade.  For instance, the Star Wars arcade game, Pac-Man Plus (perhaps a little too weird for my tastes, even as a Pac-Man fan), and Tapper.  Not Root Beer Tapper, but Tapper with Budweiser beer.  That was super cool, as I've never played it before.There are also lounge areas where you can play games, everything from Atari 2600, and Colecovision to Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.  It's a very nice set-up.There's also some really cool art on the wall, from video game art to toys I played with as a kid.  Paintings of Robo Force(!) next to artsy photos of classic Star Wars action figures?  Sold.  I also liked the Metroid mural by the DJ booth.The drinks and bar staff were also very good.  Reasonably priced booze fare, and even the arcade games were reasonably priced. The "specialty gaming-themed cocktails" as mentioned on the website were not present at the bar tonight, but the barkeep made me a nice rum drink that is still lingering on the outskirts of my head.The arcade itself?  Let's face it: The glory days of the arcades of the 1980's and 1990's are gone.  Finding a good arcade in the 2000's was a Holy Grail, and these days?  All but extinct.  This arcade feels almost like it's more pop art, a collection of memories from those days gone by.  Those who like games will enjoy it.  Those who want to drink and listen to house music will likely enjoy it as well.  It's definitely an arcade, but in a more artistic style.  At least someone cares in making sure that the arcade hasn't fully died out.Bear in mind that I am a gamer.  I used to work in the business years back, so being among some of those old titles was like being among old friends.  Destroying Reptile as Sonya Blade in Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 was a long denied satisfaction (consoles just can't recreate it), and as I administered a long mentally archived Fatality, I grinned to myself that yes indeed, I "still got it". It's for that reason that I look at the place as a gamer, and not even technically being "Day 1" until tomorrow, I remain non-critical, as bugs will always need to be worked out.First off, I don't know what machines are held in their rotation, but some games featured in their promo videos were not present.  That's not to say that there wasn't a good selection, but I was sorry to not see Paperboy or Spy Hunter or Robotron like I drooled over in the ads months before.  Perhaps one day, we'll see things come in and out as the Pinball Hall of Fame currently does it.  There is also a lot of space that could still be used for gaming.  Perhaps that's the idea, but I MISS the days of the wall to wall arcade.  I don't know if some of the space is meant for dancing or just standing, but I see prime, untapped gaming area.  Greedy?  Perhaps.  But just a few more would appease.  More classics, and definitely Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  Also, a venue that big needs more than one change machine.While I'm at it, there are a few things I think would help the arcade.  The games need prices.  I couldn't tell which games were .25 and which were .50.  A small note next to each unit with some background information on each game would be a fun historical lesson that I would like to see.  Finally, several of the machines eat the quarters without allowing to play a game.  A lot.  The staff was only too friendly to fix the coin loss and get you back into the game, but me losing quarters and having to find someone was happening way too many times.  As for their console fare in the lounge area, I would love to see a list of their available console titles presented as a menu.  I know there are some (all?) titles on the website.  I hope the database will continue to expand over time.  Again, I am a gamer.  I was a little surprised to not see any Intellivision or Wii represented.  Or Kinect, for that matter.I also wouldn't mind seeing more pinball.  Granted, I don't want another PHOF here as I feel this place could be a nice compliment to the other place instead of a competitor, but again, some of those Williams/Bally/Midway titles were amazing.I think in time, this place can find its legs, as it's a brilliant idea.  It's plenty geeky, but not geeky enough to scare away people who just want a drink.  If you enjoy both, you'll enjoy the place that much more.  I'll be curious to see how it all turns out once they fully hit the ground running.  I'll check them out again, and I wish them the best of luck.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,8/27/2011,410,224,4,9,6>I came here recently on a weeknight, and we were the only customers.  Maybe because they are a new business?  Maybe because it was a weekday?  Maybe because it was 9:00pm or so?  Whatever the reason for the place being occupied by us and the employees preparing food, I hope it continues for just a little bit longer.  I can see myself coming back here for their shaved ice (and I can't wait to try their coffee) and chatting with friends.  The interior is cute, with lots of bright colors, flowers, coffee products on display.  The back of the chairs even have a coffee cup punched into them! (yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa)  I came here with a friend that was craving some Korean shaved ice.  I really had no idea what Korean shaved ice was, and the menu didn't help much either (Credit to Tony T.: yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa) My friend and I ordered the Green Tea Shaved Ice.  Did you see in that picture of the menu, how next to the shaved ice items they show smoothie-like drinks?  That's what I was expecting.  Ohhhh no, you end up with something much more beautiful: yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa.  What you see there is a bowl of shaved ice with green tea/milk, buried beneath strawberries, kiwi, mango, banana, red beans, tea powder, mochi and boba (yelp.com/biz_photos/XnLa).  All served on a glass bowl with a  cute little wooden tray.  It was flavorful and refreshing, and like I mentioned, completely unexpected based on what I saw on the menu.  I'm excited to go back here and try their coffee and some of their treats.  Maybe it's the colorful setup and the bright lighting, but it just felt pleasant sitting inside Tiffany's and taking my time.  With the limited seating (three or four tables) this place can get full quick, which would mean eating out in the Greenland Food Court.  With the several dining options nearby and shopping at Greenland Market, Tiffany's makes for a great way to wind down.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2011,8/26/2011,191,302,5,8,6>The Skinny: a step up on the regular steakhouse, this place delivers some good eats with finesse and occasional missteps - don't order the duck fat fries because it comes as a sizable amuse bouche (4) Service: our waiter/servers were great but there are major issues with the hostess stand (3) Value: considering the plethora of deals on Restaurant.com, this place can be a good value if you order right (4).My hubby was hankering to take me here for a while and we finally got a chance to try the menu at Stripsteak.After passing by multiple restaurants with hostesses soliciting our business, we were taken aback by the inefficient hostess. By our seating time, there was least 3-4  group of guests gathered around the hostess desk. She basically ignored the diners and the wait staff  who lined to find out how to seat us. She also didn't tell us about ongoing promotions at the restaurant: ie, the 3-course prix fixe menu for $55, or that they are currently having a half-priced happy hour lounge menu from 4-7pm. Plus, they don't offer  you their prix fixe menu unless you specifically ask for it... even when you're seated at the table. For this reason, despite the stellar service at our table, the service gets 3 stars.Michael Mina is known for preparing a dish in three different ways. So obviously our amuse bouche consisted of Bay-seasoned, garlic herb, truffled duck fat fries served with accompanying truffle aioli, ketchup and mustard/bay-seasoned sauce. The fries had a lovely crispness that retained its texture even when it cooled off. The sauces were lovely especially the truffle aioli. I considered drinking the remaining dregs of it on the bottom but decided I still needed to save my appetite for food we'd ordered. The soups were solid but nothing special. The vidalia onion soup accentuated the sweetness of onion but the croutons really lack that nice crunch. The seafood chowder was  good - the broth was a little on the milder side which allowed for the diner to get the full flavour of the crab when eaten.The foie gras sliders had the right flavour however the bun was definitely overly large considering the serving of foie on the inside. The plating would have been infinitely improved with having the bun on the side.By far the standout was our bone-in rib-eye. It's rare to see me shovel down an entire steak the size of a catcher's mitt all on my own but there was not a scrap of meat left on that plate. Yes, it is that good. The carmelized crust on the meat was so wonderful, the inside so tender and well-seasoned ... it's hard to find steak that well-prepared. It was lovely that they provided a small tasting of three sides along with the rib-eye. The peas were okay - a little on the mealier side of things. The truffled mac 'n cheese is always great - perfect consistency, texture and flavour. Unfortunately, the creamed spinach had a rather bitter unpleasant undertone.The hubby's grilled chicken (they don't fry a serving of chicken unless two people order) was a very large portion. Half a grilled chicken - a lovely crispy skin, tender and moist on the inside - on top of their wonderful mac 'n cheese. Who wouldn't like this?We topped off our very filling meal with a root beer float and warm chocolate chip cookies. We loved the fact that the ice cream was so cold, it turned our creamy root beer into a nice slush. The chocolate chip cookies were a delight - not too sweet,cool enough to have a mild crust on the outside with melting chocolate on the inside.Overall, we had a wonderful meal for a very reasonable price due to the Restaurant.com certificate. We ordered one prix fixe meals ($55 + $10 supplement for the steak) plus two starters (foie gras $22; onion soup: $17) and one entree (chicken $30). Subtract the $50 Restaurant.com certificate (we got at bargain basement prices), the meal ended up being $118.97 (including tax and 18% tip) which is reasonable considering the quantity and quality of the cuisine. Definitely a solid four star review.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,8/25/2011,464,819,3,12,7>Stopped by for a little staycation. The cosmopolitan is definitely one of my favorite hotels on the strip. Here's why...PROS:+ If the main lobby is busy, they'll open a second registration desk on the 4th floor to check-in. Total check-in time was about 15 minutes from the time I stepped foot in the main lobby to the time I had the keys in hand and headed up to my room.+ Balconies, balconies, balconies! Great views of the strip, especially if you're facing the Bellagio or Planet Hollywood. We got stuck facing Aria and it still wasn't a bad view.+ Free wifi+ No resort fee+ Standard room (terrace studio) is spacious and well designed+ Large, spacious shower+ Staff was very nice+ Plenty of parking+ Easy to get in and out of the casino from Harmon Ave+ Decent room rates w/ my Marriott hook up ($130 for a Sunday night)+ Heated pool on 14th floor by the spa+ Free lounge act at the Book and Stage (def. not your typical old school Vegas lounge)+ Good places to chill and drink and people watch -- Bond and ChandelierCONS:- Several random hairs in the tub and around the bathroom- Open bottle of wine in the fridge from previous guest- Decent water pressure from the shower, but not great4.5 Stars
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,8/23/2011,208,343,7,9,8>Crepes.....I LOVE crepes. Now this is a different kind of crepe that I've never had before. Japanese style crepes are a "fortune cookie" flavored crepe. We came here on a Sunday and it was pouring! Rain won't stop us foodies! Since we were full from a 4th of July party we decided to share one crepe which proved to be more than enough for the two of us. I ordered the Rebel Special without ice cream, which meant that I got more fruit. I really liked the crepe itself without all the filling.....which you can actually order! Next time I'll order my own crepe with the fillings that I want. A pretty cool concept and pretty good dessert.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2010,8/22/2011,140,148,4,11,5>The Cheyenne Saloon is a great place to catch a rock, metal, hardcore, punk, experimental, or acoustic show...as long as you don't mind walking out of there smelling like an ash tray full of stale sweat.  I generally don't, as long as the experience is worth it, so I'm definitely a fan. There are live bands almost every night of the week.  You can find a full schedule on their myspace (thecheyennesaloonlv).When I came here to see a punk band, I was expecting to have my ear drums blown out (pretty common when bands play inside small bars).   I was pleasantly surprised when I noticed that the sound isn't painfully loud in here.  If you're standing by the bar, or in the billiards area, you can actually have a reasonably normal, and mostly audible conversation while a band is on.   Another shocker?  The bathroom is very clean for a dive bar.  The drink prices are alright too.  A bottled import is $5, a pitcher of bud light is $11.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,8/21/2011,178,96,7,10,8>If I'm going to rate this place, it's for 2 sole things: their slow roasted, tender meat(especially the suadero and spicy pork) and their free unlimited refills of horchata. What!? diosmio. Really though, there are more pluses. Keep in mind, their fresca cheese. Their salsa is spicy enough to sucker punch me in the mouth but not as an anesthetic, and I can still taste the fireworks of sauce and meat and celantro all mixed in. They're cooking and prepping right in front so you know there's no silly hide & seek games, "where are they taking my food?" Believe me, these kids are authentic Mexican grub-lords. They're more than willing to sample you a piece of their carne. That's how confident they are- and they earned it.It gets better, the ladies that work here don't joke about a clean environment. They're so fast, when a group heads out, they're already cleaning the table for the next..  All the workers are always smiling. 5 stars all day, and in my next 3 lifetimes.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,8/20/2011,144,333,7,8,7>Geeks, Nerds and Dorks rejoice!  We now have a home in Vegas.  The Sci Fi Center at Commercial Center includes a comic book shop and an "underground screening room" that offers great classic science fiction and horror films for a dirt cheap $5.Located in the eclectic and low rent Commercial Center (large strip mall on the 900 block of East Sahara), Sci Fi Center is run on the cheap.  But they've done a lot with a little.  They converted the spacious back room of a comic book shop into a small theater, complete with old theater chairs.  And in the evenings on weekend days, they sell cheap tickets ($5 when I went) to watch classic science fiction television shows and movies, as well as the best and worst horror films ever made.  I've been there to see the original, silent film Phantom of the Opera and for some of their Doctor Who screenings.  It's fun, it's cheap and usually filled with welcoming staff and theatergoers.The Sci Fi Center remains a hidden treasure in Vegas, but it shouldn't be.  All lovers of science fiction, horror and comic books should know, love and support this place.  The set up does have its issues.  The sound system is not state of the art, the movie is projected on a blacked out wall and the projector can be a little loud if you're sitting too close, but it's still a great place.  And while the sound issues might earn it only 3.5 stars in another city, this place is unique in Vegas, hosts an inventive list of movies and shows, and is a much-needed dose of quirky culture focused on the locals.  So I say 5 stars all the way.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,8/19/2011,93,649,5,9,7>I rarely make it up to this side of town but my husband and I were headed to Plant World and needed to have some lunch before we got our shopping started. From the outside, The Tap House isn't anything exceptional but over the years I have learned that sometimes these dive looking places serve up great food at really reasonable prices. Little did we know that pizzas were half off on Saturdays until we were already seated and trying to decide if we should get one to split, or order separately.  It was like fate, how could we decide on anything else when the pizza was half priced? We ended up with the thin-crust veggie pizza, with olives on only half, plus banana peppers. We also split an antipasto salad.To drink, had a jager bomb, which was just $4.50, and I had the option of regular or sugar free Red Bull. In a town where some places charge $5 or more for just a Red Bull, this is a great deal. Great deals mean nothing if the food sucks. This food did not suck. The antipasto salad was good sized with plenty of meat, and the pizza was cooked perfectly and loaded with toppings. If I lived in the area, I could see myself going to The Tap House often for dinner or just drinks.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,8/18/2011,821,451,4,13,12>This in my opinion is a top quality AYCE sushi restaurant in Las Vegas.  Even if it is really far from where I currently live in Las Vegas.  Driving out here is almost like driving back to California, you are near South Point Casino and M Resort.But if you are in the area, and looking to eat some of the very best sushi in Las Vegas, this is one of the spots I recommend you hit up.Pricewise, it is fairly reasonable.  $19.95 for AYCE lunch (until 3pm) and $25.95 for dinner.  Kids AYCE is priced at $11.95.  And you can order just about everything from their extensive menu (except sashimi and single orders on the regular items like uni, amaebi, etc.).The restaurant is on the small side, but the decor was nice. My friend thought it was better than Sushi Mon.Food was delicious, fish was fresh and fried items like calamari were baked just right (still moist and not overcooked and rubbery).  Service was pretty good for our group of 8. And we were not rushed or anything even though we were there for a good 2+ hours, eating, drinking, and eating some more.These are what I particularly enjoyed:* Teriyaki Beef (possibly one of the best in Las Vegas, perhaps a little sauced but the beef itself was great).* Calamari (prepared just right!)* Sushi Poki Salad (fish were fresh)* Fried Soft Shell Crab - so good we ordered seconds.* Baked Muscles - one of the better ones available in LV.* Uni, Hamachi and Super White Tuna - must have in my book.If you are in a large group, you will likely be automatically charged the 18% gratuity. Which is cool, since there appears to be no time limit to our AYCE dinner.If you have never tried Japanese food, this is the place for you to experiment with the sushi and other menu items. The option to order everything but the sashimi in the entire menu, is great for adventurous beginners to get a taste of everything and find out what they like or don't like.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,8/17/2011,157,244,11,8,8>Soyooooooooo was off the chain.  Come on, if you've been there already, admit you wanted to bob your head a little while you were eating.  Stop lying to yourself.  I even heard a new melodic rendition of Hit em Up.  I was sold when I walked in.   Between the elevated, tall, secret table on your right as your walk in, the tin bowls to drink tea in, and the music taking me back to the Source Awards in the early 90's, I was in a special moment.Onto the food.......We ordered the Marbled Beef which was alright.  The Buhdaejjigae was comforting and for only $2 more, you can get extra noodles.The Grilled Squid and garlic was awesome, but I wish I could have paid more for more squid or bigger pieces.   The star of the show was the Korean Beef Short Ribs with Vegetable Stew.  I wouldn't be suprised to see this on a future episode of Best Things I Ever Ate in Vegas, because like one of my friends says, it's like candy......or short rib crack.  If you haven't been to Soyoooooo, Hit em Up!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,8/16/2011,264,264,7,11,9>I finally got a real meal at Carlito's (after visiting for some margaritas, chips n salsa and legumbres many months ago -- all of these things were very good).  I confirmed which items were vegan with the owner via e-mail (most stuff - beans, veg, rice, sopapillas, chile sauces).  So basically you have a great variety of vegetarian choices and a good variety of vegan options here.  And the meat looks pretty good from what I've observed but not tried.Ok, so let's keep in mind that this is NEW Mexican food.  Not Mexican.  Not tex-mex.  It's not supposed to taste exactly like Mexican food.  And it doesn't! It definitely has it's own character.I got a burrito w/ beans, rice, calabacitas, and green chile sauce.  It was gigantic! Pretty tasty too.  But the real star of the day was the sopapilla.  OMFG, how has this not been a part of my life?! Light, pillowy pockets of dough that are toothsome yet melt in your mouth as you chew.  I'm in love!!  If nothing else, do yourself a huge favor and go try a sopapilla.  If you don't like it, call me and I will come finish it for you.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,8/15/2011,432,184,6,7,9>If you are a fan of pulled pork or mac n cheese that probably has 10,000 calories in it then this is the spot for you.....and me! OMG, I found this place years ago and have actually celebrated a birthday or two, here. It's absolutely charming in every way. TC's is a hole in the wall decorated like your grandma's house with family pictures, place mats and friendly faces. If you are lucky you just might get to meet TC while you are here! I always get the pulled pork because it never let's me down. It's tender, juicy and shredded to the perfect consistency. You are responsible for putting the amount of BBQ sauce you like on your meat. I also always get the mac n cheese that is to die for. Don't leave out the fried okra, ribs, grilled chicken salad, sweet potato fries, etc. You can wash it all down with sweet tea or Kool Aide. Dessert is not to be missed. At the top of that list is the banana pudding and glazed donut bread pudding. Yes, that just happened! Every single person I have brought to TC's has been back and brought their friends, too! They get the five stars because they are reasonably priced, delicious food, and most excellent service. I love this place!!!!!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,8/14/2011,172,155,8,18,11>Ding ding ding, we have a winner folks!  First of all, thanks to Misti and the crew for finding yet another gem.  This place advertises itself as an Asian fusion restaurant, but at its core it is a gourmet, mostly authentic Thai restaurant.  And you know how I love Thai food...  We ordered the Massaman Curry with beef, the Rad Nah with pork, and the Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli.  After eating these, I am convinced that this is one of the top three Thai restaurants in Las Vegas, maybe top two!  (UPDATE: This is THE BEST Thai restaurant in Vegas currently).The Vietnamese Shrimp Ravioli were quite interesting as an appetizer.  The presentation was very gourmet and beautiful.  The ravioli noodles were soft and sticky, wrapped in a shrimp that's cooked in interesting spices.  The flavor was perfect with a little bit of red chili sauce on it (I skipped the soy sauce that came with it).  Not Thai, I know, but definitely yummy.I am not really a fan of Massaman because it tends to be sweet, but with all of the talk about it here, I thought I would try it.  This version was sweet, as it is supposed to be, but it also had a ridiculously intriguing and complex flavor!  There was a definite peanut flavor, but also another flavor that I couldn't put my finger on.  The chef makes her own curries, so I attribute this complex flavor to the homemade curry sauce.  I probably would order this with less sweetness next time, but this dish was amazing.  It came with big potato slices, carrots cooked to perfection, bell peppers, and beef chunks that were nicely prepared.  The Rad Nah here is extremely good, and won me over.  This is probably tied for the second best Rad Nah I have had!  The cook said that it was one of her favorite dishes, and so she takes a lot of pride in her recipe.  This dish smelled absolutely amazing.  Smokey, lightly sweet aromas.  The taste was just as good.  The pork was nice and juicy, and the Chinese broccoli was fresh and crunchy.  The sauce was slightly more rich than the other two great Rad Nah recipes I have had, which gave it its own character.  Not a lot of places can make a great Rad Nah, and Pan Asian makes one of the best I have had.  Great job, Pan Asian.I am so glad to have this restaurant available in Las Vegas.  I will have to take some breaks from my usual spots to explore their menu some more.  The Thai food is mostly authentic, but they do have to Americanize certain dishes a little bit.  So, if you want the real deal, just order it "Thai style".  We rattled off a few exotic dishes that we like, and the chef said that some of them she can cook very well (very spicy Pa Cha).  I can't wait to go back!Edit: I've been back a number of times and have loved every dish I have had (roast duck, red snapper).  One dish really stood out yesterday though, the red curry.  I had it with beef, spicy level 10, and it came with fresh peppers and pieces of pumpkin!  It wasn't as sweet as the other curries, so you non-sweet curry lovers will enjoy this one!  The sauce is homemade, and full of fresh flavors.  I believe that it may be the best red curry I have ever had.  Dave said that this is how the royal family eats red curry.  I don't know about royalty, but if this dish isn't fit for it than I don't know what is!Second Edit: recommended dishes for Thai food lovers, may not be on the menu: the Red Curry dishes (served with fresh pumpkin!), Pa Cha with tilapia, Red Snapper, Duck curry, fried banana.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,8/13/2011,211,267,5,7,6>4.5 stars!Came for dinner the other night, and quickly wanted to comment on the baked dishes.  (Since I am pregnant and must abstain from raw dishes- it gave me a chance to try other items from the menu). Although I was salivating watching my husband enjoy his spicy tuna hand roll, and a complimentary sushi that the chef prepared for him- my volcano roll and seaweed salad were DELICIOUS. We also shared a Red Snapper Teriyaki combination box and we practically licked that plate clean.  Perhaps when I am no longer pregnant, I will order a baked dish again.  Who am I kidding? I am craving their uni and ame ebi like crazy!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/12/2011,58,199,4,6,4>Can I say what a lovely little hidden gem this place is?? I've never had "authentic" southern food before, but if it's anything like this I would eat it all the time. Their catfish is awesome! They bread it with what looks like cornmeal which makes it extremely crispy without it being overly greasy or heavy! I had like 3 pieces of the fish and I didn't have that bloated gross feeling you usually get after eating a lot of fried food. Their fried okra is also extremely fresh and made perfectly. I definitely want to return and try their corn nuggets!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,8/11/2011,433,1034,6,5,7>Almost everyday this week, someone was talking about raw fish in one  form or another and the thought of sushi was never far behind. So I met two friends here for dinner after talking to Lisa L. about it at a Yelp event.We had ordered the screaming orgasm (8.95); seared tuna on top of a heaping bed of thinly shredded daikon radish, purple cabbage, and carrots. Digging into the mound yielded a feast for the eyes with all the vibrant colors. The creamy sauce on top did not have too much flavor. I would have preferred a stronger ponzu presence, but everything else about the dish was spot on. We also got a basic tiger roll (11.00) and the portion of fish to rice lit a spark in our eyes. If this was any indication of their generosity, we were in good hands. Blue Fin does not skimp on the seafood. We also tried the sunset (12.00); spicy tuna inside, and cajun albacore outside, with a light sauce drizzled over. After that, each new roll looked to be getting progressively bigger, but then again we could have been getting full. The Johnny Johnny (12.00) had then arrived. Golden, crunchy soft shell crab center topped with spicy tuna. The roll was tasty because there were so many contrasting elements. At first, you have the creamy sauce that mellows the heat. Followed by the cold and soft tuna meeting the hot and crispy soft shell crab. It was a roll that someone new to sushi could appreciate. We stopped after the over the rainbow (13.00) because their super rainbow on crack was more than enough. The difference between this and a regular rainbow is instead of a California roll center, they sub a jammed pack fish center. It is worth upgrading for two dollars. I just wished their ponzu had more zip. I am a masochist for a good sour tang. Even though we did not do the AYCE, we left here more than satisfied. I can only imagine the trouble a person can get themselves into going at it hardcore.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2010,8/9/2011,55,173,3,8,6>Hooray a drive-thru coffe place in my 'hood that's not a Starbucks.  I ordered a signature coconut almond mocha on ice and it is very good.  Strong coffee and not too sweet.  Plus I get the 'bean' part of the name now.  On top of my coffee was a white chocolate covered coffee bean.  Yummy!!!  Staff was very friendly and quick, because it was my first time going they even gave me a coupon for my next trip.  Me loves me some coupons, and they offered up a punch card and let me know Wednesday is double punch day.  I'm from the Northwest and there were coffee places all over, and I miss that.  Having the Human Bean so close to me is like having a little bit of home.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,8/7/2011,358,399,6,10,10>Hit I LUV AREPAS for a quick lunch snack - I think it's actually smaller than a food truck !  I originally thought it replaced the Naked City Sammie space but not true - a stand alone shack on Dino's  parking lot ( maybe it uses the NC space for prep work ... not sure ) Had the pollo arepas ( $3 ) and the carne ( $3.50 ) Comes with a side of spicy and mild sauce - damned if I know what's in them  the spicy had a smokiness to it, theMild a cream base - both very good.The arepas ??  I actually like the pollo more but both were very good.  They basically take a corn based thick pancake,  cut in 1/2 and stuff with meat - no frills - simple food with great flavor .I wanted a bacon dog ($2.25 ) but not ready yet - next time because there will be many next timescrappy pics added
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,8/5/2011,263,168,7,8,6>Wow! I can't believe that it took me this long to finally try this place.  It has been a long time dream of mine to get down and dirty! Hot n Juicy and lemon pepper shrimp at one pound each with a side of white rice. In addition to skin peeling, eating with my hands, sucking the juice out of the shrimp heads, licking the juice from running down your fingers, and drinking the juice from the bag after devouring the shrimps; while all were sitting in my tummy and with a side of beer was EPIC!!!!
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,8/4/2011,83,599,22,17,9>This is both a cautionary tale and a review.  Don't do this on weekend if you have to be somewhere at a particular time and, for the love of God, keep your hands low!  I will explain.My husband and I got groupons for this and decided to give it a try on a Saturday night.  The computer screen in the window said it was a 45 minute wait.  It was 7pm and we had 8pm dinner reservations so, perfect, plenty of time.They weigh you (no one over 250 lbs) and then make you sign a waiver, which actually went pretty quick.  The staff took our groupons no problem and actually seemed excited to get them.  However, there was some confusion as to whether I could take my purse up there, which was completely zipped up.  The lady ended up taking my purse, putting it in the locker, closing the locker with a plastic tie, and giving me a little piece of paper with the number 86 on it.  Ok.The staff also didn't tell us where to go but we figured the elevators were our best bet.  In the elevator on the way up to the 5th floor, we met up with a family who had done it earlier in the day.  And the kid had a black eye.  He explained that he got a black eye when they hit the brake at the end.  He abruptly stopped and his face went into the sling holding him up.  His advice - keep your face to the side.I was completely confused and concerned about how this kid could have gotten a black eye.  I thought about the whole time waiting in line, which took forever.I also noticed that people had purses.  WTF.  Turns out they will tether the purse to you so you don't drop it.  As long as the purse can be closed so stuff doesn't fall out, it doesn't seem to be an issue.My husband and I rock climb and we had plenty of time to look at the set up while waiting in line.  My husband, who understands more about physics than I do, determined that it is possible to flip yourself upside down on this thing because the harnesses are basic sit harnesses, not like the rock climbing ones we use.  After hearing this, I was determined to hold on. Upside down bad.Meanwhile, 8pm came and went.  So much for dinner reservations.Finally, we got up there and went through the set up.  The guy kept telling me to hold onto the sling connecting me to the zipline, but hold on low.  He even bothered to move my hands down again when I shifted them up and repeated the instructions.  The zipline ride was cool but, unfortunately, I was more focused on the end trying to figure out how the kid in the elevator got a black eye.  During all this, my hands worked their way up on the sling and when I came to a stop, bam, my own fist in my face.Luckily, it just hit my cheek and I did not have a black eye.  Just a tiny bruise on my cheek that did hurt a bit.  It could have been a lot worse.  At least now I understand how the kid got a black eye.  In the end, it took over 1.5 hours to do this on a Saturday night.  Plus, I had to run back to the start to get my purse.  In the end, we did not make our dinner reservation until 8:45pm and got glared at by the hostess who thought we were complete goobers.That being said, it's a lot of fun.  We got to see a bride and groom do the zipline and it was interesting seeing how they got the bride in the harness with a huge wedding dress.  Also funny to see girls in mini skirts try to get into the harnesses.  Not sure what they were thinking.  Wear pants, ladies.I came back again on a Wednesday just before 6pm for a UYE and it was much quicker.  Plus $15 instead of $20 if you buy your wristband before 6pm.  And I didn't punch myself in the face this time.  Yay!
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,8/3/2011,4974,721,8,14,10>Went here after multiple drinks by the pool and it totally hit the spot!  This place is the closest I've ever come to a real NYC slice in LV.  We got a slice of cheese, pepperoni and veggie which came out to $11.75.  That's STILL less than 1 piece of shrimp next door at Blue Ribbon!  I was surprised I liked the plain slice the best.  Not that their other ones weren't good.  Sometimes great pizza doesn't need anything else but sauce and cheese.  Wish there were more places to sit but not that big a deal with so much seating in the middle area of the 3rd floor.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,8/2/2011,218,93,13,11,14>I really am a Lotus of Siam devotee, but this is food, not religion, so we're allowed open relationships.  If Lotus is my classier and more diverse wife, Thai Style Noodle House is my down-to-Earth and no BS mistress.  There are times when I just want to be taken care of, I don't want frills, just delicious, authentic, straight-up Thai goodness.  Those are the times I go to Thai Style.  She's all content, inexpensive, gives more than receives, and I love her.Everyone loves the noodle soup for a good reason, it's probably the best and cheapest you'll get in Vegas.  But don't forget to try other things, like the ginger snapper or the duck pad kee mao, both yummy!  The squid salad is not as good as Lotus, but it's half the price so there you go.  I'm sure there are things Lotus doesn't do as well as Thai Style.  Oh, am I defending my mistress over my wife?  I'm sorry, sometimes I can't control myself.Well, there's another thing with my mistress.  She surprises me with how thoughtful she can be.  There's a waitress at Thai Style that has an amazing memory.  I've been there three times, and she already has my preferences tattooed into her memory.  Yep, come on in to Thai Style.  She doesn't have to just be mine.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,8/1/2011,99,79,6,7,6>This place is the ultimate ASIAN KINGDOM!  You get an ultimate shopping experience with samples and music.  Now how cool is that?  I really, really, REALLY LOVE how this place gives you pre-marinated meat.  I love to shop for all my Korean food addictions here, and I get it all in one sweep.  Kal-bi, bugolgi, kimchi, and pork belly! All crossed out in one area.  I also love their various choice of ramen, I could stand in the aisle for hours reading every single one and putting them into my cart.  And get this, THEY EVEN HAVE MY CHILDHOOD DRINK! Milkis = YUMMMMMMM!
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,7/31/2011,53,53,5,8,5>When I began my search for the perfect home brewing kit I checked countless websites and message boards on what to get and how much money to spend on the ideal home brewing kit.  After a month or so of research I had a pretty good idea of what to get in order to make the perfect batch of sh*t face sauce.  When I got there I realized all my careful weeks of research and  planning had been in vein.  The dude that was there, who I think was the owner, was more than helpful on explaining every bit of the home brewing process along with some of the science behind it.  He informed me that a lot of the things being sold in some of the home brewing kit were unnecessary, which in the end saved me money.So I've been successfully home brewing and even when I ran into a little stuck fermentation problem I walked into Vegas Home brew and quickly got an answer and some yeast activator on the house to fix my problem.  They have a great supply of grains and extracts as well as a full refrigerator of different yeasts.  I plan on going back any day now to start another batch of brew. I encourage every body to visit Vegas Homebrew and start brewing their own beer.  Not only is it fun, it will get ya drunk.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,7/30/2011,1110,542,9,11,10>RED VELVET PANCAKES with whip cream and mini chocolate chips!! I'm a sucker for red velvet pancakes!Finally went to Babycakes this past Friday :DMy friend/high school classmate was visiting from Florida so I wanted to take him to a yummy breakfast spot! I've been wanting to try Babycakes for the last 2 months and have been waiting for someone to visit me in town so I could experience Babycakes with someone else. I didn't realize that Babycakes is 8 miles north of me... but it was worth the drive!Came in around 10am... no wait.We both ordered the portuguese sausage, eggs and rice... I got the red velvet pancakes and my friend got the white chocolate chip mac nut pancakes. Both pancakes were delicious and you can't go wrong with the local favorite portuguese sausage eggs and rice.I would love to come back again... when more friends visit me in town again. Pay your bill at the counter. casual dining. stress free parking. good customer service.If you're visiting Vegas or a local... make Babycakes on your to eat list!I'll be back for more!!!Aloha...-Miss Yelp 2011
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,7/29/2011,176,95,4,7,7>38 for under $8 is the way to go! i brought my mom here for a nice dinner and we ordered: tea, veggie fried rice, LSD roll, crab salad, chicken dumplings, edamame, veggie tempura, and beef skewers for $57. the servings are very generous and not what you would expect for a classy place like this one. if you are used to dropping a grip for the atmosphere and presentation, you will get more bang for ya buck here. troy was our server and was supa sweet! great personality, attentive, informative, and a comedian. actually, come to think about it, everyone was really great. =) i am definitely looking forward to heading back for some mo' LSD roll, that shiz is good!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,7/28/2011,182,453,6,11,5>Rule No. 1:  Don't piss me off before I even get seated.Rule No. 2:  Refer to Rule No. 1Fresh from a Cosmopolitan Event at the Yard, their fourth floor pool, with ThreeKindsOfRumAndMangoPuree powerhouse drink in hand, my husband and I descended from up above for a burger at Holstein's.  Having attended a lot of beautiful, upscale, free functions at the Cosmopolitan, making it my favorite casino hotel, it was time to give back and actually patronize and pay for a meal there. Now I've traveled a good part of the world and most of the United States, and almost always have something drinkable in my hand, usually a Starbucks cup but, in a casino it's more likely a glass of wine after I've been gambling for a while.  Never, ever, ANYWHERE, have I been told that I can't bring an outside drink in.  This forced me either to leave the drink or chug-a-lug it.  Guess what I did?  But I wasn't happy.  The manager, when asked about their policy, was completely lame.  "We don't want anyone to get drunk."  Duh, is that why they have a full bar, complete with multiple flat screen TVs showing all manner of sports programs???  Bad beginning.  But I have to tell you that my burger - the California Turkey burger - may have been the best turkey burger I've ever eaten.  Moist.  Perfectly seasoned.  On a bun that was dense, so it didn't turn to mush like at all the other burger joints.  With all the other good stuff, too:  guacamole, pepper jack cheese, a huge tomato slice that was actually red and ripe, and a bit of slaw.  The steak fries were crisp, hot, and stayed hot, probably due to the little metal pail they're served in.My husband had Brisket Burger, a beef burger with a topping of juicy brisket in barbecue sauce.   He loved it.  He also loved his sweet potato fries, which were presented as one of the four potato options to accompany the burger.  But he wasn't told that there was a two-buck upcharge for them, which is a no-no in my book.We didn't try the shakes, because we were too full from all the drinks and chips we stuffed ourselves with upstairs, but they look great.  Our waitress was efficient, but not all that friendly, until she delivered the check.  Then it was all smiles and profuse thanks.  And we did appreciate the 15% discount for locals, though I'm not sure if it's a regular policy or because we bitched about the drinks.Given the quality of the food, we'll definitely go back.  Hmmm, if I pour my drink into a Starbucks cup, I wonder...
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,7/27/2011,639,506,9,8,5>I was planning a lowkey surprise birthday party for my hubby and remembered this place had just opened. When I called they were super friendly and took my reservation. They let me know they had a private lounge area (free to reserve) and held up to 25 people. We had 20 people and scored a free bottle of whiskey and two Rockstar for mixers/chasers. Great service. Great place, great location, very close to us. 10pm started $2 shots of sour apple whiskey YUM! 20% off for Military! Their wings were AWESOME. My new favorite local hangout. Can't wait to go back.**The ONLY downside was it was a surprise party, we had planned on telling him to check and see if there was a pool table in the back but when we walked in the hostess asked us if we were there for a surprise party. Busted the surprise :(
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,7/26/2011,222,164,7,10,8>I've been eating here consistently pretty much once a month for the past year and I haven't been disappointed once.  I've tried the chicken tenders, garlic chips, Italian wedding soup and their house salad when I'm trying to "balance" the meal, but mostly, I go there when I'm craving their fantastic thin crust pizza.  I don't get anything fancy.... just a couple slices of cheese pizza.Picture the bite:  Perfectly chewy, crusty with just the right amount of char on the bottom + tangy sweet tomato sauce + ooey gooey cheese + grease.Tip:  I stress again that this is NOT for the greasy food haters.  Just don't step into there.  Just don't.Conclusion:  What are you waiting for?!  Go get some pizza!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,7/24/2011,148,168,6,12,7>When I was five years old...I was a little monster.  I there was no such thing as video games, TV was a privilege and the outdoors was my toy.  That was a long time ago (but not THAT long) in a land far, far away.  Here in Vegas, my kids have to deal with possibly melting in the summer heat or getting blown away in a winter wind storm.  So what do you do when your kids are bouncing off walls and you'd rather stick nine inch nails through each one of your eyelids than deal with them?  Bring them to Run Plus Fun.I first heard of this place sometime last year and finally gave it a shot in March of 2011.  Honestly, it was the negative Yelp reviews that really held me back.  That is just unfortunate because my kids absolutely LOVE this place and have been back about 4 times for open play.  At $8 a kid, it's not as cheap as the park, but it sure beats a movie.  The slides are ridiculously fun.  There are three big ones and another two in the main play area.  Just be careful because they are FAST; though I think the adults are more afraid than the kids are.  I love that, in addition to the main play area, there is a little kids' area, boxed in by some comfy sofas, where parents can hang out.  Why any parent would rather sit than romp around is beyond me.  I love climbing up and crawling through the obstacles just as much as my 2 yr old does.  After a handful of visits, I thought it would be a great idea to have my kid's birthday party here.  For a fee, you get an hour of play time and an hour of eating.  Some reviewers mentioned that they didn't like the policy of kids not being able to re-enter the play area after their allotted time.  If you want to see what half-digested food looks like, have your kid run, tumble and go down some slides after eating cake and snacks.  Yum-o!  As it is in life, you've got to pay to play.  I booked two slots back-to-back to avoid that very situation and to make sure that all the kids had a lot of time to play.  The owners were very accommodating, giving us all the invitations and envelopes, having a bouncy house put up, gave us access to both party rooms, helped us set up and break down, and even helped entertain some of the children.  It party went flawlessly and all the kids were so hungry and tired after 2 hours of playing, very few of them wanted to go back to play.  When I was five, I was a monster.  I needed to get out of the house to expend my energy.  My kids are angels (sometimes), but they still need an outlet.  Run Plus Fun has my vote and my money for a good time to be had for angels and monsters, alike.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,7/23/2011,137,378,6,7,7>This same night, I went to Freakin' Frog and Hustler. Sufficed to say, I was hammered. Shmammered. Three sheets to the wind.9 of us got to Kimchi and got stuck in a corner. We were loud and obnoxious, and our waitress was working very hard. I want to get this out of the way first. By the end of the night, my friend was hitting the bell on the table that calls the waitress over (on a related note, there's a bell on the table in the form of a light switch that makes a noise to page the waitress) and she literally came RUNNING every time. He kept hitting it as a joke since we questioned his manhood, and eventually she got angry and started making fake angry hand gestures at him. She was a great sport, though, and we tipped well. Great dining experience.So, it was a food orgy. I left the ordering to a friend of mine and he did a great job. We had all kinds of delicious meat, veggies, soups, beers. The food was well prepared and delicious, nowhere near as bland as Honey Pig.I'll DEFINITELY come back here, I really enjoyed it. Don't go to Honey Pig, Kimchi blows it out of the water.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,7/22/2011,224,164,6,9,8>Wow. Difficult is not the word I would use to explain Turtlehead Peak. How about "extremelystrenuousandrewarding"6 hours round trip, 2 liters of water, holes in my shoe, change in headband, backpack tan, sunglass tan, burnt arms, sore legs, and dirt all over my body was the result of my trip at Turtlehead Peak.Making it to the top of Turtlehead Peak I was rewarded with a really nice cool breeze, an ammo box holding a signature book, and one of the best views I have ever seen in my life. Worth it? Yes. Would I do it again? Probably not. Would not recommend for something looking for a nice stroll in nature or a quick hike (less than 4 hours). What I learned from my experience and mistakes is that you should have the following items with you:1. Excess water (better to have more than less in this case)2. Sunblock3. Hiking shoes or comfortable shoes that you don't mind destroying.4. FOOD! ( I really lacked on this one, I ate prior to the hike, but all that uphill really took a toll on my energy. I appreciate the kindness of whoever left a Clifbar inside the ammo box holding the signature book. Don't think I would of made it down without one)5. A companion6. A map or GPS device.7. Focus8. PatienceP.S. Don't get off the trail like my group did within the first 15 minutes. There are trail markers for you that will make the trip a lot less strenuous and more enjoyable. P.S.S. The first part of going down can be dangerous and it is easy to slip, so be careful!
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/22/2011,7/21/2011,43,87,3,11,6>Eating at the Las Vegas Grille was like watching the first season of the Simpsons.  Very, Very rough around the edges but you can tell there is a lot of potential there.My first visit to this new entry on the Westside dining scene was on a Saturday night and I found the place to be more on the empty side.  I attribute this to a an odd location within a non-descript strip mall on Sahara.  I was impressed however with the gigantic electric smoker they have staring down at you as you walk through the doors.  The menu immediately strikes you as shouting "not your typical bbq place."  Sure they offer standards like Ribs & Chicken, but they also have a selection of fresh made sausages, meatballs and other non-traditional bbq meats like pork loin.  You can order the meats a la carte, in sandwich form as as combo.   Rather than bore everyone with the fine details of the meal, here were the highlights:-The side options are phenomenal.  Not only do the offer a unique variety, everything we had was top notch.  I absolutely loved the Bavarian Potato Salad (no mayo, with vinegar) and the Red Cabbage.  -The Kielbasa on the pretzel roll was tasty, large, and a definite value at 7.99-The pork loin and sirloin were both captured the essence of properly smoked meats.  I could tasted the rich earthy taste that smoking gives meat.-The guys running the place seem passionate about making the restaurant into something great.  They were friendly and genuinely wanted us to understand their menu.-Prices were reasonable for a meat joint.But there were some lowlights as well:-The ribs had a great rub on them, the sauce was tasty but there was very little meat.  By that I mean they give you a fair number of ribs per se, they just use really small ribs. -Speed of service.  You order at a counter giving the impression the food will be coming out relatively fast, yet we waited 1 minutes despite their being only one other table.  Im all for waiting for quality, but let the customers know that it might take that long and perhaps offer free biscuits or cornbread....just a thought.I really liked a number of things at the Las Vegas Grille, but you can tell they still haven't found their feet yet.  I hold out high hopes for them because its always good to see the Vegas dining scene diversify with unique choices.  My 3 stars represents a restaurant in their first month, but it certainly doesnt capture all the potential that is there.The Simpsons were able to refine their show before they got canceled, lets hope the Las Vegas Grille can do the same!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,7/20/2011,49,39,6,15,12>Surrender, have so much I want to say where do I even being!?In a city built on excess, this place sure epitomizes it. Surrender is not just another club that gets old on you. This place keeps it fresh. Encore Beach Club by day, Surrender Nightclub by night. One word comes to mind when I think of Surrender... SupercoolWant the fantasy night party you can't have back home in your town? You can have it right here. As you enter, you get the "now this is vegas" sense surrounding you. It's sexy, sophisticated, smooth dance club lounge with a pool. Plenty of seating, tables and cabanas all throughout the venue. Everything seems to be right on point. From the decor and lights to the hottie girls bumping into you at every turn. If you want to take a break from all the dancing and grinding, there are dice and blackjack tables within to satisfy your gambling urges. Every club goer must check this place out at least once, make it on Wednesday and you have it made. No better club party to be on a wednesday night than Surrender. It can be described as a huge orgy. Thursday night is their pool night party so bring your swimwear if you intend to take a dip.The line gets pretty long so try getting a table or cabana and skip the craziness at the door. It's so worth it here. Be warned, on busy nights after a certain time and certain number of people have been allowed inside, the price for admission jumps to $100 or more.XS and Surrender are my favorite two clubs in Vegas without a doubt. Both bring some of the best talent and DJs in the world to mix it up. I have so many memories from being a regular patron of these two clubs already haha no way I'm going to heaven!Hey guys, Surrender and XS are the kind of places you can meet up a girl looking for some after club fun. Be cool, be sociable and if you play your cards right, you might just have a happy ending to your night if you catch my drift.Well, don't fight it and just Surrender to XS.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,7/19/2011,816,286,16,14,12>This is one of those places that all the hipsters and cool people dig...which usually means I hate it. But it's actually super-badass! If  you're a gamer or pinball aficionado, of course you'll dig it... so this review is for people like me, who despise video games. Fellow anti-gamers, if a significant other drags you here, don't worry -- there is plenty to keep you entertained! The artwork on some of the old-time pinball machines is awesome -- favorites include Night Rider (70s truck-stop motif), Guns 'N' Roses (you can get a bonus where a hot bitch takes her top off!), and the self-explanatorily-awesome Nugent. So if you approach this place like an art gallery, you'll be totally rewarded.It's not just pinball, either -- they have all these weird, creepy old-time arcade amusements, like this creepy marionette clown-in-a-box that you control by pushing buttons. There's no score, or bonus levels...you just make him dance around by pushing buttons. Simpler times! Then there's the baseball game in which you control an actual doll, helping him swing his bat at a ping-pong ball that hovers over a gust of air that you also control. If that's not enough, the guy who runs the place moseys around giving advice, and he's super interesting to talk to. And his workshop is interesting to peruse...he's got all these old gutted machines out and ready to be repaired.And if you get thirsty, there's a machine selling old-time throwback sodas, which adds to the retro arcade feel. Now all they need is a pimply, fuzzy-lipped 15-year old stoner in a jean jacket selling weed out back. Goooooooooood times!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2011,7/18/2011,145,129,8,10,7>came here on monday for their soft opening after driving by it a few times. being a regular waxer i was excited there was a new place (with a fun name!) within walking distance from my house. with the prices i knew i had to give it a try. i called and made an appt to test the place out on their opening day. i walked in monday morning and was greeted by a few employees. everyone was friendly. they had some water (which was great since i walked) and another drink along with some coffee. i filled out my paperwork for new clients within 5 minutes greeted by Ashlee who was doing my work. She was nice and had me at ease feeling comfortable as it was our first time meeting and she was seeing my "birthday suit." i learned they use hard wax which wasn't too bad. the pain was bearable and ashlee kept me focused on talking to her and not so much on the waxing. the whole process took about 15 - 20 minutes. i found out they do a 5 day touch up incase you have some left or aren't pleased with the service. (most salons i have never heard that before so that is a bonus.) i did notice quite a few leftovers but fixed it up myself. stacey (the owner) emailed me asking how my service was and what i thought of the salon. i explained to her what happened and how i was displeased with having leftovers (is it weird for you to hear me call them leftovers? i don't know whatelse to call them.) and she was willing to fix it. i can tell she is eager to get her salon out there with a great name. i support that. i say give this place a try. i am willing to go back in a few weeks and try it one more time. i will keep you yelpers updated!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,7/17/2011,400,1236,4,8,7>After some dinner in Chinatown, we had a little sweet tooth. We happened upon Sunville Bakery for some dessert. I love Asian Bakeries. I almost always get something different. Variety is the spice of life as you know. I have tried quite a few of the delectables here. Everything from the sweet to the savory. On this occasion I was in serious need of a sweet. I opted for a coconut tart, while my fella got his favorite, moon cake. The prices are pretty standard and while they don't have a huge variety, they have plenty of options to satiate whatever sweets you're craving.Good place to stop if you're in the area.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,7/16/2011,143,170,6,10,7>As others noted, I too noticed a considerable lack of good, creative brunch spots in Vegas.  Most places are the same ol', same ol'.  Eggs, bacon, hashbrowns.  The Cracked Egg doesn't deviate too much from this standard. It mostly offers typical breakfast fare - an assortment of omelets, pancakes, scrambles, etc.  If you're in the mood for something relatively unique they do have plenty of options for interesting omelet combinations, a delicious benedict ole (heart attack on a plate), and their "coffee cakes" - a standard side with many of the menu items - are divine (and flavors vary daily, it's not your typical coffee cake, they must use smooth as silk cake flower and maybe add in sour cream or something to give it creaminess and tang).  My favorite standard is the huevos rancheros.  A simple tasty sauce covers refried beans, eggs how you like them, sitting on a flour tortilla and topped with melted cheese and jalapenos.  It's simple, but they do it well.  Not too much cheese (I really don't need to eat 12 oz of cheese in a given meal like some places believe), medium spicy peppers, and plenty of beans, just how I like it!It's not the most unique food you can find (although it's as unique as any I've found in this city) nor is it on the top of the healthy list, but it's satisfying and consistent, reasonably priced, and has become my weekend go-to place!
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,7/15/2011,693,1125,9,13,12>After a day of slingin cookies for Rise Up Japan, I needed some fuel. I am rarely on this side of town and this has been on the list of curiosities for a while.The BF and I shared:Ronin ($8,Caramelized Onions, Japanese Cole Slaw, Miso Goma Dressing, Fried Egg, Katsu BBQ, Sweet Bread Bun, Yuzu Citrus Aioli) - from the description, you can clearly see there was a lot going on. Somehow it worked for me but I think it's because those are familiar flavors I would find in a bento lunch but I know for some folks this won't work. It was very rich  specially when you're biting through the egg yolk area. You didn't need the yuzu aioli sauce served on the side (I ended up dipping fries in it). Both the BF and I were glad we split since neither of us can really eat a whole of that flavor. KiKi ($8, Sautéed Shiitake & Eryngi mushrooms, Caramelized Bacon Sweet Onion Marmalade, Gruyere Cheese, Ciabatta Bun, Garlic Chili Aioli on the side ) I love me mushroom and onion burgers and happy that they were generous on the onions and mushrooms in it. I did use the chili aioli to add a bit of zing to it to balance the rich earthiness and sweetness of the toppings.Truffle Fries ($4)- they drizzle a bit of truffle gravy on the fries but I wish they just give you that on the side. The fries were crisp and light and well seasoned. They had a bunch of different drinks and I respect their nicely selected craft beers, but I was just feeling on a simple and refreshing matcha ice green tea. Overall, service was friendly and decent with keeping up on the drinks. I liked the sweet bun on the burger. I thought the meat was good quality, juicy and cooked right. I think the concept is good and I am curious to try more of their offerings. However, I don't think I would drive all the way from the NW to come down to eat here. If we're in Town Square I think this will be something I'd much rather go to instead of eating in the mall.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,7/14/2011,198,93,5,6,5>I knew it!! I knew this spot would be crackin! When me and the gf paid BFG a visit, it was totally random.  You know how you press shuffle on your iPod? And you get a good song that you would gladly listen to? Yeah kinda like that, no skipping. Just let it plaaaaay.After we ordered, Jin (co-owner) asked for my name.  I thought it was just to call it out for the order, but no, he took a mental note and made conversation with us.  Even though we met just seconds ago, we talked like we were homies.  That's hella cool. Shout out to Jin! I got your back if anyone gives you problems homie! Lol. Anyways, he kept our drinks filled at all times.As for the food, I enjoyed it like it was my last meal.  A fork and knife came with my 'Baked' order.  And the chicken was perfectly cooked, with the perfect seasonings.  It came with 'Baked' Mac n' cheese, and a slice of garlic toast. The Mac n cheese was good but tasted like it was missing something. Hmmm, butter. Yeah that'll do the trick. And probably cheddar cheese on top instead of mozzarella.  The sauce selection is real nice, cuz what if you don't want cane sauce or ketchup with your fingers!!!! their sauce called the BFG is really good and I recommend trying it. I will be paying BFG alot more visits for the equal reason of the food being excellent and well prepared by Tin, and the super excellent attentive service provided by Jin!
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2011,7/12/2011,223,135,6,8,6>My new favorite "go to" restaurant in the area! Love the food, love the service, love the atmosphere. I have been here a few times already and have left happy and full every time.This location use to be the old El Jefe's restaurant but newly converted to Sabor. I always describe it as a Mexican infusion - Chilis pricing for Carabas quality. I am suprised this place is not busier than it is. It is never packed when we are there.I LOVE the queso dip. AMAZING! I seriously lick the bowl. It is so delicious. Their bread plate is so awesome as well filled with breads, tortillas ext. YUMLICIOUS!My favorite dinner so far is the scallops. OMG - so perfectly cooked and every bite delicious. We finished with the banana foster icecream rum dish....it is so good. I have such a hard time sharing it. Next time...I am getting my own..LOL.So, if you think you can't make it down to Sabor.....I disagree...You Mexi-CAN! Go now and thank me later!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,7/11/2011,85,90,5,5,7>Thanks to Crepe Expectations, I think that I've developed an obsession over crepes. With their extensive crepe menu ranging from the savory, to the wide array of crepes to satisfy any sweet tooth, this place has you covered. They even have some breakfast crepes available all day for those breakfast lovers out there. Walking in, I could immediately tell that there was a lavender theme going on with this place. While being surrounded by these colors was a bit threatening to my masculinity, I was happy to see that they had ESPN playing on the TVs to compensate while I devoured my crepe.For a light dinner, I went with The Razorback: a savory crepe filled with pork tenderloin, spices, potato, tomato and red onions. It reminded me of a pork tamale, just with a very light and fluffy exterior. The side of ripe diced watermelon that came with the crepe was also a nice touch to complement the meal. I was pleasantly surprised. Everything was artfully prepared, with even a hovering camera above the crepe station so that you can see it all in action.Their drink menu is just as extensive as their crepes; with wines, spirits and beer to fulfill the alcohol needs; to juices, coffees and teas fit enough to cater to the coffeehouse connoisseur. They also offer some complementary cucumber water, which was very refreshing. Be sure to check out their imported premium soda chalkboard to see what they have. It's bound to cycle through some changes from time to time, but their choices of soda are always delicious.Throughout the entire visit, I was able to tell that the owners of this establishment run it with a passion. From the moment I set foot in the door, they made sure I had a good experience, from choosing the food, all the way to the end of the meal. Friendly, personable service is often hard to come by in Vegas. I'm glad to see that they offer it in leaps in bound here.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,7/10/2011,292,759,7,8,7>So I'll have to preface this with the fact that I don't eat undercooked eggs. In fact, I have a fear of them and can't even watch people eat "egg goo". I'm sure I'm missing out on part of the magic of this restaurant by not ordering the egg-goo pizza, so perhaps this would be a 5 star review if egg-goo was my thing. The decor of this place was awesome - chic, clean, and modern. Service was quick and polite. We ate here on our lunch break so I appreciate good service when I'm trying to dine quickly. We settled on the gnocchi and the prosciutto pizza . The gnocchi wasn't dense like most gnocchi I'm used to, but was utterly fabulous. The bacon was divine and the peas and light sauce were perfect. YUM. The pizza was pretty damn good, but I like Settebello FAR better. The crust was very similar, but I found the cheese/topping ratio at Due to be off. I didn't really taste any cheese, but my pizza was covered in tons and tons of proscuitto and salad. I will say, ounce for ounce, you're getting a ton more meat on the pizza here, but it was in obnoxiously huge pieces there were impossible to eat without cutting. But then cutting the meat ended up making the entire pizza fall apart. Settebello just holds together better. Also, I love the Carbonara pizza at Settebello featuring a FULLY COOKED (and goo free egg!). Additionally, the prices at Settebello are much better. I felt like I was eating good pizza dough with tons of meat and salad on it here. The balsalmic on it was tasty, but just added to my meat salad feeling I was getting. Truffle oil and more cheese would have served this pizza well ! I do love Italian style pies, so I'm pleased to have another option in Vegas. Don't miss the fabulous pasta, this place has many exciting options besides pizza !
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,7/9/2011,379,224,3,11,7>Found this place on a French Toast Review Forum. This place had votes for having some of the Best in Vegas (along with Bouchon)! Of course being a Breakfast Feen and a French Toast Junkie (at times), I made my way here..* I got here on a Sunday morning and there was an anticipated line but the Host noticed I was alone and quickly called me over and sat me right away. My server dropped off a menu pronto, as if I had a reservation waiting for me.. Coffee was poured soon after and order taken as well..Cinnamon Vanilla French Toast & Bacon: In my opinion, This was the Best French Toast I've had.. It was Pristine in every aspect of what I know a Traditional based French Toast should be. Now, I've had fancy shmancy French Toast with exotic fruits toppings, syrups, bread.. Some were decent some were great but my preference with French Toast is simple but done well. This particluar one was hands down, bow down, and praises to the chef/cook.. is on the top of my list. The saltiness of the long and medium cooked bacon (they weren't the 90% fat strips or short well done crispy strips) just brought it home! * Busser here was so attentive, well mannered, very friendly and very fast. I got better service here than 5 star/diamond restaurants!!! French Toast is A 100% Must Try for those of you that appreciate an exceptional straightforward blue collar approach that would rival the Best of em'! Atmosphere felt fine and comfortable (like any other 24 hour cafe/diner). To top off the icing, the meal was inexpensive! This little casino packs a Big French Toast Punch!!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,7/8/2011,213,80,6,9,10>It was my second time visit to Black Bear Diner since a couple years back. All I can remember is that I had a big portion of comfortable and tasty breakfast meal with a strong cup of coffee( I enjoy drinking bold in the morning). I decided to try it again on one Sunday morning. When I walked in, it was a full house! I waited about 5 min and got a table. I knew what I wanted,,, Omelette, Omelette, & Omelette :) *My Happy Meal of the Dayyy: 1. South of the Border Omelette-seasoned ground beef OR chorizo with ortega chilies, jack cheese, avocado and homemade salsa, served with a flour tortilla. Choice of strip-cut hash browns OR red diced potatoes($8.99): I had the chorizo and the red potatoes.. 2. Coffee with vanilla cream and sugar: It was bold & smooth. Well, I really enjoyed my meal. The service was provided promptly by friendly waitress. The portion was HUGE that I had to take some home. There was no cut-off time for ordering breakfast here. I prefer real all day breakfast places for a late breakfast( I am pretty much a late riser on weekends). I noticed that a full service menu is offered for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I'll definitely give them another shot. Nowadays, I can't seem to find very many good hole in the wall, mom and pop owned places to have a breakfast in LV. It is definitely a chain world out here in the city! Sad, really....However, The Black Bear Diner serves up some good home cooking :) There are no strangers here at the Black Bear - only friends you haven't met yet :P
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,7/7/2011,151,137,4,6,4>In a casino full of great bars, this is my hands down favorite.When you walk in, it's like walking into a litebright...there are LED's all over, and they move with the music that is usually being spun by a great DJ.Every bar in The Cosmopolitan has it's own specialty cocktail menu, all their drinks are hand crafted and run around $10. The service can be a little slow at times, but it is a great place to sit back and enjoy a drink.The bar is right on strip level, and if you get a table or couch that looks at the front windows the people watching can be quite fun.Another highlight of the bar is the Go Go Dancers, above the bar, facing the strip are 5 large areas where they lift Go Go Dancers up into the sky and they dance it their own little sphere.I have been here a few times and have enjoyed it every time, this is one of my go to spots in the Cosmo.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/20/2011,7/5/2011,606,96,6,11,9>I had to feed myself before hitting the road... need the fuel to get me going! So here I was at Melons.. I walked in and only one guy was sippin' on his smoothie, reading a magazine. Thinking I came at the right time before lunch crowd hits... I happily ordered a Tuna Melt ($5) and Super sized Cuckoo 4 Coconuts ($5). A few mins. after I ordered, a group of four and a couple walks in. It seems that after everybody put their order in... is when they started mine. I literally waited a good 45 mins. even for my smoothie?!! I never in my life waited that long for a sandwich and smoothie. Even ordering appetizers in a fine dining restaurant came out sooner! -1starMy smoothie was bland to where I kept sippin' and sippin' hoping it would get better. I gave the crunk look as I stared this smoothie down of disgust. Damn it! The description sounded so good, but it tasted like a watered down full cup of melted sugar that's been sitting around for hours. It had a muddy, sticky consistency, almost like a horribly mixed powdered protein shake. I gag on the thought of this. I couldn't even finish half way and threw it in the trash as soon as I left. If you like tangy, get the Red Rock instead... that would have been my second choice. I read Cuckoo 4 Coconuts on yelp was a hot item, but definitely a cold hit in my book.  -1 starWhat saved the day... the Tuna Melt. For the time it took to make this sandwich and smoothie... I hoped, no... I Prayed this will knock my socks off.. wait.. I'm wasn't wearing any socks that time... okay then.. knock my.. wedges off!!! First look.. it looked damn good. It was nice and warm, which I was very pleased about. It even smelled good!  The panini style parmesan bread was crisp at first bite, but interluded to this soft melody of crunch. Their homemade tuna salad tasted fresh like they whipped up that fish real good that very day... Yeeeeeees. It was light and delicious... they stayed true to it being homemade, since the flavor did a spin on me and enjoyed every single bite of it. I even took smaller bites to get the full effect. It even as capers, which is what probably gave this sandwich some zest. One fell out, cute little dark green ball.. I threw it back in my mouth and I was like... Oh! Big hit in my book of paninis! Fyi sometimes I have the tendency to eat things very oddly, so please excuse my Tuna Melt photo shot. Thank you. Ha! Even the swiss cheese was melted ever so lightly and put this Tuna Melt to its name. If I only ordered this panini alone and didn't wait so long that my tummy roared like a ferocious Lion... I would have gave this place a smiling high 5 stars!!! Have to say.. your Tuna Melt won me over.Service was no smiles, but what can I get you?!?! Didn't pay attention too much on the lack of enthusiasm... maybe it was their Monday back to work!? Who knows?! Eh whatever, I just wanted to eat!!! But I will say... it's the service that gets people back majority of the time. If the food was the best, but service was the worst... done deal. That spreads like wildfire!This place is located on Rainbow, right before Sunset Rd. and 215.Same complex with Cracked Egg, Starbucks.. corner store right by Three Tomatoes & A Mozzarella.I also did try their Ham, Turkey, & Swiss on a different trip, but everything, especially the bread tasted old like it's been frozen.. for years. Tried to not dismiss their selection by one taste and luckily, I picked a winner this time around.  If you're a fan of the Tuna Melt, this might just melt your taste buds to the sea.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2010,7/4/2011,664,612,6,10,8>After reading Tony T's review, I had to venture this strange westward direction, manifest destiny for good Japanese food.  I entered Sato-ya and sat at the sushi bar.  Chef Sato greeted me and explained that "ya" means house so essentially I was eating in his "home."  That sounded nice already!  The window of the restaurant has a flat screen showcasing their food (pretty cool).Inside there were specials listed.  I immediately noticed the Aji (Spanish Mackerel) and ordered it first.  Chef Sato did something Teri C. would appreciate - he carefully placed ginger and scallion on the fish with a long chopstick.  The Aji was awesome, so I next ordered shimesaba (Japanese mackerel).  The chef was surprised - an American likes mackerel this much??? ahh yes I am weird.  The saba was delicately cured, moist, and perfect, topped with a piece of kelp.  I also enjoyed agedashi tofu (good broth, crisp on outside, soft on inside, daikon and scallion) and endless hot tea as my comfort on the cool night.  Green hot tea is FREE and unlimited!  (free edamame too) Next I ordered yellowtail, and immediately noticed Chef Sato gave me belly cuts.  I thanked him and he smiled, noting that I liked fatty and oily fish so he gave me the best cut.  A regular joined me at the bar and talked about the great food.Then I had a salmon skin handroll (on special as well) complete with gobo root, bonito flake, and kaiware sprouts.  It was a bit small but less than $3.  Chef Sato blowtorched whole scallop sushi for me.  He left the abductor muscle on, so I removed it (that only seems to happen at Japanese establishments and not Korean-owned).  He topped it with yuzu pepper - a zingy heat for sure!  I finished the meal with uni, and it was succulent and fresh.  They had the Wednesday night college football game on, Chef Sato taught me some Japanese, and a couple at a nearby table just moved back to LV from Okinawa and were telling me about Japan.  Before I left, four Japanese friends sat at the bar.  The lady gave me suggestions for my honeymoon in Japan and told me Sato-ya is her favorite authentic place in town.  I can't wait to return! *Happy hour starts at 8PM*
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2010,7/2/2011,446,223,5,5,6>I have Raved about Sin City Sushi in the past and told everyone that they need to try it.......Well after 2 visits is the last 2 weeks unfortunately.............................You have to here me recommend this place some more, Come on you didn't really think I was going to say it was bad did you? This place has been nothing but consistent every time we have been there. The only change we have found lately is that it is getting pretty busy. But I would rather it be busy and have to wait a few to eat and the place stay in business. 'The wait staff is always very very good about giving good service, and I totally understand waiting for a little while for service when the place has every table full of people enjoying the most delicious sushi around. These guys are always coming by and making sure that everything is good and asking if there is anything they can change to make the place better. Even when the server walks up to your table when you are mid conversation and all he hears is," My mom is coming to town so I am buying a gun" he still asked it I wanted more water haha luckily enough we have been there enough for him to just ask what the hell we were talking about. This place has come through every time and We will continue to eat here until they either run out of fish or we move away because I do not see the  service or quality falling..
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,7/1/2011,1407,1189,2,9,7>Stopped in again to show the wifey, and to grab a bite to eat. It was great to see different items in the pastry showcase as well as the savory side too.(they have foie gras for the Holidays!!!!!)I even got to see the chef/owners Jean-Paul and Rachel Ladeyn in action. Rachel was finishing loading up the showcase with mini Buche de Noel(French Yule Logs) and Jean Paul was finishing a beautiful *Pithivier hot out of the oven for a special order from a customer.(*Pithivier, pronounced Pee-tee-vee-ay, is a classic French pastry made of flaky puff pastry filled with frangipane(almond paste filling).It was cool to chat with Jean-Paul and listen to him explain the significanceof the Pithivier during the holidays. It is almost like the Kings Cake where everyone at the dinner table gets a piece of the Pithivier and eats it, and whoever finds that little toy or charm that was secretly baked inside gets to be "king for a day".Still waiting for clearance for another inspection, they are still only doing take out at this time, so we decided to split a Ham and Cheese Croissant,and the wifey loves meringues, so she got an orange and coconut meringue, one of their hot entrees of the day was Beef Bourguignon, so she got an order to have for lunch. I tried a pithivier, and the feuillette-a pastry with praline crisp, almond cake, and chocolate mousse, topped with crushed cigarette wafer cookies-YUM!Another great visit, and hopefully we'll be able to dine in when we return...ALOHA!!!
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,6/30/2011,227,94,5,14,8>My first experience with authentic Japanese ramen, and I was not disappointed. Prior to Monta, the only types of ramen I ate were in packages, cups and bowls, usually Korean in descent and instant in nature. So I was surprised, in a good way, when I discovered that Japanese ramen is nothing like the ramen I've eaten before. My boyfriend was craving ramen for dinner, so I immediately suggested Monta Noodle House after remembering all the positive reviews on Yelp. We entered the restaurant and, thankfully, they had a table for two available. The restaurant itself is small, reminiscent of an authentic ramen house in Japan (at least in my mind). Service was friendly and quick given the ratio of servers to customers. After reading over the menu, he ordered the Miso Ramen with extra char siu and a Mini Mentaiko while I ordered the Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen and an order of Gyoza. Here is the breakdown of the food:Gyoza- Hot pan-fried pork and vegetable dumplings with just the right amount of crisp from the charred skin which contrasted well with the soft and juicy meat filling. Overall, very good and savory. Miso Ramen- He enjoyed his ramen, saying that it tasted very authentic. I tried some of his ramen, and while I preferred the broth of his ramen, I liked the thinner noodles from my ramen more. Mini Mentaiko- He enjoyed this as well. I think it was the perfect light contrast to the heavy ramen. Tonkotsu/Shoyu Ramen- Delicious! The noodles were perfectly cooked, and the vegetables added texture and mildness to the rich broth. My only complaints are that the broth was just a tad too salty for my taste and the char siu lacked the meatiness I wanted. Overall, we enjoyed dinner that night. I enjoyed my experience there so much that two days after my initiation into the Japanese ramen world I went again with my mom.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,6/29/2011,234,139,7,14,5>We came to the new location last night to avoid the long wait at the original location. It still smells like construction in here. I love the decor. We get seated and our server asks us what we would like to drink. I order a Blue Moon and she tells me they don't have their alcohol permit yet. WTF?!!What we ordered:2 Calamari1 Fried Catfish Basket2 lbs Shrimp Hot N Juicy medium1 lb Shrimp Garlic Butter mild1 Chicken Nuggets Basket2 Chicken Wings Basket1 Fried Shrimp4 Bowls of RiceThe food was just as good as the original location. This is the first time I tried the Catfish and Calamari and they were both very good. My only other complaint is that the chicken wings for the kids took a long time and were brought out a few minutes apart. They should have just brought out the orders together, cause one kid had to watch the other kid eat. I will mos def come back to this location since there is no wait to be seated. Next time I will call first to make sure they have their alcohol permit.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,6/28/2011,161,172,9,13,13>How do you make an AYCE sushi place better?  Add new items no other no place have like the grilled pork belly and orgasm salad. Don't forget to check out the daily special on the chalk board for some other tasty delights besides the AYCE Shoyu Ramen (after 11pm).   Can't lose with this new joint because It's the same family as the Monta and Sushi Mon branch so you know they have a reputation to keep.Been here twice already this week and love it.  Fresh fish, good fish to rice ratio, and each piece are perfect in size to knock down with one bite.  Until i play this place out you'll be seeing me a lot at the sushi bar having my late night snack :D*tip* Take care of your sushi chef
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,6/27/2011,102,426,4,14,7>My wife heard about this place on Yelp and really wanted to try it. So we ventured over last weekend. I am glad we did!This is one of the best Korean/Mexican fusion places I have been to. WAAAY better than Hanshik taco and maybe even better than the famous Kogi trucks in L.A.We got the chicken, beef, and pork fusion tacos. We got the chicken in a lettuce wrap and the other two in a corn tortilla. We also ordered the bulgogi burrito. Everything was great. I preferred the tacos, but that has a lot to do with the fact that I'm not a big fan of rice in my burritos.I plan to be a regular customer.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,6/26/2011,66,333,3,6,5>Finally got over here on a Saturday for a soda tasting. What a fun experience! I took hubby & my toddler and we tried some weird sodas. They had about 8 of them set up for sampling. Most were yummy but one weird one was "Spruce" flavored...yes like the pine tree!!Omg..it smelled awesome..the taste was NOT so awesome!LOLWe ended up not buying any that we sampled. But we each picked out 3. Mine were:Saranac Shirley TempleOlde Brooklyn Coney Island Cream SodaSopranos Amaretto SodaHubby got:Faygo Rock & Rye..his fav from back in the dayVernors..also from back in the dayTriple XXX Root BeerWe have both drank Faygo & Vernors growing up but everything else will be a totally new soda to try.We also bought a bunch  of candy as well.So a six pack & a nice collection of retro candy ran us 17 bucks!Not bad at all for the FUN hour we spent here..yes an hour!Do it..you will love it, how can you not?
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,6/25/2011,212,67,6,12,9>We spotted the orange DONUT HUT sign while driving on DI...you can't miss it. I'm glad that we do have great Mom & Pop donut shops in Las Vegas with character and DH is the clear cut winner of this category with their pictures that are on their walls. You walk into DH and right away you see their big donut case staring at you, displaying their doughy treats like Tiffany's displaying diamonds. And they do look like diamonds to me! Then I see all these pictures on the walls of soldiers, police officers, parades and they are all taken with the owner in army fatigues holding a machine gun. To all you hoodlums heres a tip- THINK TWICE BEFORE PICKING THIS DONUT SHOP! Apparently, DH is very popular with the LV Metro and war vets. And sure enough while sitting down eating our donuts, who pops in a couple of Las Vegas Finest. They walk in and everyone in there was on a 1st name basis with the policemen. Hopefully I will get to meet the owner to find out what the story is with all the soldier and police pictures. I ordered a bunch of donuts...a dozen to go and couple extra to eat in the store with the kids. The woman behind the counter was really nice and threw in about 3-4 extra donuts. I sat down with a maple glazed donut, my kids had chocolate glaze and a twist glazed donut. I took a bite out of my donut and their was this nice crisp outer layer. The maple was nice and not overpowering and the donut nice and fluffy. I thought "wow this is good!" But I thought it was just that batch, so I took a bite out of the kids donuts and the same crispy layer was in every bite. I would like to say that, I'm not a big chocolate donut eater, but they were frickn good. Nice sweetness to the choco glaze with the fluffy donut was a ONO combo. Even when we got home, my wife said she loved the crisp skin layer. It reminded her of some LA donut shops. Actually, all the donuts we bit into from DH had that nice crunch before you get to the fluffy doughnut. Every bite was euphoric. Yes, it was.The price was standard...cheap! and that's how we like it. It's a great donut in a cool donut shop. If you want to forgo your New Year's resolution to lose weight, let me tell you that Donut Hut is the place to break your promise. Guilty pleasures for sure!!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,6/24/2011,1742,366,11,14,12>Love Love Love Dino's!I went last night (Friday) for the first time with my gal pal. Wow Kevin the bartender freaking rocks! Cheap drinks, shot of Jack with a coke back and a southern comfort and cranberry $9 bucks total! I was plastered I must say, the first time I have gone to a bar and actually get wasted!Two pool tables and even a beer pong table! Party central baby! And a jukebox that rocks! Gotta have music baby!Karaoke is the best! The KJ is awesome! The crowd is fantastic as well, a nice mix of locals and visitors! I was able to rock out two songs within a short period of time and it was packed. I sang billy idol, white wedding and sex on fire, kings of leon, was awesome! A lot of us were also dancing, this is a place where you can let it all out and be yourself and be loved back!You don't have to sing karaoke to have fun here!Karaoke is Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Go on friday and you will have the opportunity to meet ME! lololKaraoke starts at 10pm, get their early otherwise it will be wall to wall people and no tables left. This joint has a great following.Last night was one of my best experiences ever in Vegas.Food is not served however, there are plenty of close options outside on the lot such as independent carts, mmmm pulled pork sandwiches, etc. Plus that I love Arepas place that everyone yelps about is on the corner. I will try them next time. I love you Dino's!I may have to do a yelp karaoke night invite for Dino's was soooooo much fun, just a great place overall.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,6/23/2011,563,825,9,19,10>I like Big Wong and I cannot lie. This strangely named restaurant just opened today. If you happen to catch this review soon enough, you can drop in and get a free entree with the purchase of a $1 soda or bottled water. It's for dine-in only and is valid through May 18.I stopped by for lunch and ordered the Authentic Curry Chicken Over Rice. This dish normally costs $4.95 but was free with my $1 can of ginger ale. So how was it? It was actually very good. For $4.95, it's a great deal. For free, it's a steal!Everything on their menu is $4.95 with one item coming in at $3.95. You'd think that you were looking at the lunch menu, but no my friends. This is their regular menu. If this place was open after midnight, it would be the new unquestioned late night king.I'm inclined to give this place four stars based on the one dish I've tried so far, and the extremely fast and friendly service. Add in the fact that everything is under $5 - oh and that's tax included - and I'm glad to bump that up to a fiver.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,6/22/2011,316,816,2,11,6>I'd say I'm more than well versed in Americanized Greek food, and Kyklos does a great job of serving up Greek food for the American palate. Went in here last night after going with my sister to get her ears pierced for her 5th birthday (2/14/11) My parents, the fast food connoisseurs that they are made a beeline for McDonald's and Panda Express. Disgusting. I, as is my custom, made a beeline for the Greek food. If there's a Greek dining option, I'm all over it, even if it's a mall Greek place. One of the guys behind the counter offered me a chicken sample. Not bad.  I was very surprised when I was told that the dolmades (stuffed grape leaves) were filled with lamb rather than simply rice. That's great because I've had some expensive rice-only dolmades in Henderson that weren't worth the money whatsoever and it's rare to find a place that actually serves them with meat. There were lots of options to choose from, and I liked that in addition to baklava, they served melomakarona (honey and walnut cookies) and kourambiedes (powder sugar dusted shortbread cookies.) It's nice to see a variety in Greek food offered over here, you know, something other than a Kronos gyro, steak fries and syrupy baklava that's been sitting in a display case way too long. I settled on the Greek salad and the avgolemono (egg /lemon /rice) soup with pita  bread. It wasn't your run of the mill iceberg lettuce salad with a tomato slice, a crumble of feta and a few slices of cucumber, no, it had pickled beets (!!!) kalamata olives (watch for pits) pepperoncini peppers, a pink-ish dressing, along with romaine, purple cabbage, tomatoes and feta. It was really good. The soup was tasty, but I would prefer if it had been slightly more tangy. It's a preference though because I love sour /tangy foods. For example,  I drink apple cider vinegar every day so... yeah, don't mind me.  The pita bread, which I usually throw out, was given to me at no extra charge (thanks!) and was wonderful. Awesome. Oh, and one more thing, your meal comes with a bit of "wisdom" on a little business card. It's a cute and creative touch.The food was good and the service was equally great. Both guys behind the counters were personable, asking me if I had eaten there, where I was from, do I go to the Greek festivals, etc. etc. etc. Afterward, when I came to refill my water on the way out, the cashier followed up with me to make sure everything tasted right. I've never had anybody follow up with me at a food court before, so yeah, service was friendly and great. Just like the name says, "(Yelp doesn't recognize Greek characters),"  ( which means: a circle, a cycle.) from start to finish, Kyklos goes full circle in delivering great food and service to their customer.  I'd definitely go back here and recommend others give this place a try.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,6/21/2011,420,186,17,18,19>WHY: I have been here a couple times, taking my touristing friends and family to see what everyone is and has been raving about.WHAT:  The food certainly comes in huge portions, so I've always shared.  The dish that I suggest everyone should try at least once, is Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict! It is named after the dude on Man vs. Food. I love condiments, so I usually ask for a side of gravy just in case there isn't a part of the benedict that hasn't been slightly drizzled with gravy, haha.The hot drinks are really good too, BUT my all-time favorite drink is the Kiwi Watermelon Lemonade! This drink alone is what keeps me coming back! They puree watermelon, add kiwi syrup, all into lemonade which makes it HEAVEN! TRY IT!
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,6/19/2011,378,248,4,12,12>After much debate, and lots of help from great Las Vegas Yelpers, we decided to dine at Sen of Japan last night.  This was my second visit, so I thought it was best to dine with the Omakase menu.John was our waiter, ask for him when you go.  He is knowledgable and just a genuinely nice person.  The national championship game was on the tv behind the bar, so I had everything I needed for a great meal.We opted for the $85 Omakase, which was 7 courses:Kanpachi sashimi with Oysters - Like Butta!  Smooth and succulent, the kanpachi was served with a dash of ponzu, fried garlic chip, and micro greens.  The oyster was served with a garlic slaw of sorts.  The oyster was flavorful and light, and a great way to start the meal.Sashimi Salad w/ spinach and micro greens - Tender and delicious cuts of salmon, tuna, and red snapper nestled around a bed of spinach and micro greens with a light vinaigrette.   This dish was fine, but forgettable.  The sashimi was cut very small, which affected the presentation a little bit, but the flavors and quality still shined through.Fried Fish Eggroll - This wasn't an egg roll at all, but I am lost for words to name it.  This was various fish, not sure what wrapped in a shiso leaf and fried topped with tobiko.  A little dry and my least favorite bite of the night, but it was very creative.Baked Black Cod in a soy sauce topped with foie gras and a shiso pepper - Best dish all night.  The cod was perfectly cooked to retain some moisture and finished in a light soy sauce.  The foie on top made the fish even more decedant.  The chef nailed this one, it was an evolution of flavors with each bite, and I wanted more.Filet in mustard ginger sauce - Cooked closer to medium than medium rare, this dish was executed well.  Nice amounts of salt and the right amount of mustard, let the beef shine through instead of other flavors.  Various nigiri - Tuna, Salmon, Kanpachi, Ebi, Snapper.  All delicious and perfect.  I didn't even use soy sauce with these, it just felt wrong since the fish was of such high integrity.Dessert - Chocolate souflee with homemade green tea ice cream - Great soufle, the chocolate oozed out as my fork pierced the fluffy cake.  The green tea ice cream was made with matcha and complimented the bitterweet chocolate in the soufle wonderfully.  I was so full at this point two bites was all I could handle.Sen of Japan is close to being perfect.  It provides great individualized service, superior quality product, and creative execution.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,6/18/2011,126,151,6,6,5>Bomb foodSick beatsFly serviceColor and art EVERYWHERE!Way better than just a truck, this is Slidin Thru HQ in every way possible. Its worth your drive, order anything but remember to ask what the ever changing mystery slider is! A recent one I had was sliced sirloin steak, BBQ sauce, lots of cheese, perfect buns...amazing! If you're a fan of sliders, fries, and nice people it's must! The guys behind the counter keep it real, the Coke is from Mexico, and its a 24 hour PARTY!
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,6/17/2011,1362,984,15,17,12>Apparently they do flip you over in Vegas!With a party of five, I called ahead to make sure they had room for all of us since we were on a schedule.  Vivian Q. was really friendly and said she would call me right back to confirm that she had enough employees there.  Not even five minutes goes by and she calls to confirm that we have an appointment!Three of our friends were put into a semi-private room near the front, while myself and another friend were put in a room in the back.  I did ask if Rex was working, but he was off at the time I went.  (He now has his own business.)  Jason was the one who worked on me and he was quite aggressive and thorough.  When they flipped me over for some back work, I realized there was no hole for my face to go into, so I had to turn it to the side.  Unfortunately, my friend next to me didn't realize there was no hole for awhile and so she couldn't breathe!  (However, the chairs in the front room do have holes for your face to go into.  So, I guess it depends what chairs you get.)At the end of the massage, they do this thing where they lift your legs up and drop them.  Well, the minimally covered chair he dropped my legs onto hurt a bit and he realized immediately that it wasn't as cushioned as perhaps the other chairs they have.  But out of habit, he did it again, and *thunk* my legs bang onto the chair.  Another apology comes out.  He also sat me up again to do some further shoulder work on me.  Overall, I got some mixed reviews from my friends.  Some felt it was too much face and head work for them, while others didn't mind.  Another girl didn't know what to do during the whole hour...it was her first time! We also got a $2 Yelp discount off the 60 minute price at the time.They do accept credit cards, but we tipped in cash.3. 5 stars.The Husband had a chance to experience Good Foot Spa on his own after winning a gift certificate from a Yelp event.  (Actually, I won it but gave it to him since he's never been.)  He felt it was pretty good and appreciated getting flipped over.  And yes, he fell asleep.  Always a good sign.Original prices: (Call ahead and ask for Vivian Q. to get a Yelp discount!)$28 = 45mins $38 = 60mins$48 = 75mins$58 = 90mins
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,6/16/2011,142,120,5,7,9>Went here this afternoon because ever since I've heard that Wynn has added vegan options to his menus, I've been dying to try the vegan matzo ball soup. Walked up to the counter with a friend and asked for the vegan menu, which is just three items but the soup was the only one I was interested in. My friend was also curious so she ordered it as well, and I also got a side of fries. We chose our seats and waited. The soup was brought out about 15 minutes later (the cashier mentioned there would be a wait) in huge bowls on square plates. It was definitely the perfect amount of soup especially for the semi-high price tag of $6.95. It was essentially three medium-sized matzo balls, vegetable broth with small bits of carrot and celery. The vegetables were nice and crunchy, not soft and overcooked. The matzo balls were really good and held their shape well, they didn't fall apart easily. The fries I got were salty and crunchy and very good, but kind of a small portion. The soup tasted very good, it had a little bit of a tangy kick and my friend (a non-vegan) and I loved it and would definitely come back again to order it. Very tasty and a nice meal that just satiates you perfectly. A little pricey, but totally worth it!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,6/15/2011,562,1064,5,10,6>Is there really anything not to love about DCR? This is by far my #1 fav bar in the Vegas area.1. It can be a little hard to get into. And that is simply because of the entrance door. It is hilarious to sit inside and look out and watch people fumble around trying to find the entrance.2. The bartenders are actually very knowledgeable about the drinks.3. The menu rotates seasonally - and each season I find a new favorite cocktail. And more often than not, it is something I never would have normally thought of or tried.4. The layout of the menu is awesome. It gives you the name of the concoction, the type of glass it is served in, and a brief flavor profile. It does not tell you what is actually in the drink. Major appreciation points for this.5. The tourists have yet to really discover this place. In fact, I don't think I've ever encountered a tourist in here ever.6. It's a great after-work hangout. Few patrons, no loud music, and it's pretty much all locals that work in the downtown area.7. On weekend nights, it can get pretty busy and there is a DJ.8. Skip the "food" menu. It's all awful - I don't know why they even bothered adding these "food" options to their menu. However, the various nuts ARE quite good and I highly recommend them.9. You've got to go to the bathroom here. It completely freaked me out the first time. The stalls are glass. And you can see out, but others can't see in.10. Did I mention the cocktails? Seriously amazing cocktails. It WILL be the best cocktail you've ever had.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,6/14/2011,519,1603,4,8,7>I give this place 4.5 stars.  This was the first time I've been here for dinner.  The other two times were to have breakfast.  I looked at the menu online before I went, and I was pretty certain what I'd get but I wanted to see any specials they might have.Soup:  I got the Spinach potage, the name on the specials board.  My waiter described it as a potato leek soup with emulsified with spinach.  It had a goat cheese mousse on top with some Niçoise olive oil.  Very tasty soup.Main course: Steak frites.  Cooked rare as ordered and tons of french fries.  This is very characteristic of any Bouchon meal with frites.  At some point, you have to decide whether you want to finish all of those tasty critters or save some room for dessert and just let them go.  That's what I opted to do.Dessert:  The desserg special tonight was Neopolitan French macaron ice cream sandwiches one of each of the traditional Neopolitan flavors.  They're the standard macarons you can buy in the Bouchon Bakery downstairs but they were filled with ice cream rather than the cream the macarons normally have.  These were outstanding.I really like coming to Bouchon.  I like the room, the nice view to the 10th floor courtyard, and the food is quit interesting.  My server was Brandon, and he was excellent!  The bus person was there to refill my iced tea, and when he noticed there wasn't enough ice, he brought me a new glass of ice, filled it with tea, and took the other glass away.  Really outstanding service.  It's no wonder that when I have a friend text me that he's going to Bouchon for breakfast and asks, "Do you want to meet me there?" that I send a Yes answer back quickly.Here are the links to the photos of tonights repast.Spinach potage:yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPButter cup, bread, and dish of pistachios:yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPSteak frites:yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPNeopoliatan French Macaron ice cream sandwiches yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPIced Tea and carafe:yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPNapkin with menu:yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaPSpecials board:yelp.com/biz_photos/rcaP
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,6/13/2011,390,337,7,11,9>This place is *bleeping* good.It's hard for me to not describe this particular restaurant without the use of expletives to get my point across, but holy *bleep*, this food is incredible!Located just before the main gate, this little restaurant is tucked away to the side.  When you walk in, the scent of food just hits you in waves as you take in the rustic charm.  The warmth of the fireplace on that particularly chilly day was a welcome addition, and just felt great to crowd around.We ordered a sampler platter with our beers, and some bison back ribs.  Let me make that point again.  Stop cross-referencing Facebook while you read this and look at what I've written here: BISON back ribs.And I nearly lost it, they were go utterly *bleeping* good.  The appetizer, consisting of chicken fingers, onion rings, and bacon cheddar potato wedges were no slouch, and my friend and I alternated freely between our food options.  For all I know, I may have been horrifying as I greedily consumed this barbeque, but my "Inner Texan" kicked in, and it was just over at that point.  I'm sorry.  No, actually, you know what?  I'm not sorry.  At all.  I make no apologies for food that *bleeping* good.This would undoubtedly be a fantastic winter restaurant to sit in, enjoy the fire, and eat mighty vittles in a cozy atmosphere.  Considering that I found it so late, I'll make it a Spring/Summer place in the meantime so I can get it right later in the year.  I don't know if they have live music there, but I think it would be a nice fit if they did.  I loved the old pictures of Bonnie on the wall.  She's a charming gal.Want *bleeping* GOOD food?  Here's a spot.  One that I'll gladly and repeatedly return to.*bleep* yeah....
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,6/12/2011,76,63,5,6,4>Let me just start by saying that there are 3 experiences you can have at The Griffin. I came here with an old friend last Sunday, and we had a great time catching up in this comfortable and intimate old pub style bar. It is one of the lat few bastions to get a cheap beer without staring at a video poker machine.The 5 star experience is 10pm-2am Sunday-Thursday. During the late night happy hour, you can get in easily without waiting in line, you can almost always find a spot to lounge around with friends next to or near one of the 2 over-sized fireplaces in the center of the main room, and the bartenders are generally happy to have the business. $3 drafts is not uncommon, but $3 dogfish head drafts is. Well drinks are part of the happy hour as well, but I forgot and ordered a Blanton's Bourbon neat, which was $12. The patrons run the gamut from the resident hipsters and scenesters, to the Ed Hardy and Affliction clad middle age travelers trying to look and feel young by finding the "Local hangouts." During these times I would have no problem coming up here and finding someone at the bar to chat with. The juke box is great as so many people have mentioned...however, I'm not going to call it the best in town simply because the rotation is pretty small, only having maybe 30 albums.The 4 star experience is Friday & Saturday. It's much busier, and louder with more bartenders, which should mean faster drink service (but it doesn't) yet it is still better than most, and the GREAT selection of beers on tap and an amazing selection of bourbons, for me makes it worth the wait. The crowd is less diverse, and typically a little more standoffish and cliquey. There is usually a DJ in the back room. There is still typically not a wait to get in, but occasionally  you might have to stand a couple minutes out front, but inevitably there is a slow trickle over to Beauty Bar for those that want to dance.The 3 star experience is Post First Friday. The block between Downtown Cocktail and Beauty bar turns into the Emo version of the line outside Vanity or Pure. Expect a 15-30 minute wait to get in. Once you get in, those fireplaces that were once so cozy and inviting, are now being cursed because they are taking up valuable standing room. The bartenders are rarely happy to see you, and I was seriously told by one of the male bartenders once, "if you want drinks faster get a girl to order them." All of this being said, if you manage a seat or a great spot to post up, it is a great spot for crowd watching. If you are a guy with a subscription to Suicide Girls....This is the spot for you.If you are a girl into guys with ear gauges, tattoos, and beanies...This is the spot for you.I am none of these things, but I never have a bad time when i'm here.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,6/11/2011,464,819,6,20,13>José Andrés has brought umami back. But, he's not only brought it back, he's redefined it. Think of it as umami 2.0. With 20 mouthwatering courses, his avant garde brand of sweet and savory cuisine will slap your taste buds around like a night with Ike Turner and Chris Brown. This is dinner theater at it's best. It's a 2.5+ hour interactive show in a private room located within Jaleo. After checking in at the hostess stand we were seated at a table in Jaleo and brought complimentary glasses of cava while the previous seating finished (There are two seatings of 8 per night at é at 5:30 and 8:30). When ready, we were escorted to the back and entered a space beautifully designed by the Rockwell Group and Spanish designer Juli Capella. Two of the walls are lined with card catalogs with several drawers open and holding artifacts that tie into memories from José's past. It's an intriguing space that's equal parts Dali, Pan's Labyrinth, and Alice In Wonderland.In the center of the room is an 8 seat bar where the chefs create and plate the evening's meal. Much of the actual "cooking" is performed out of site in the Jaleo kitchen but the plating is done in front of the diners at the bar. Throughout the evening there was plenty of interaction with the chef's and we were encouraged to ask questions and learn more about the chefs and dishes. It was cool to see them at work. Who knew tweezers and pipettes were such important kitchen tools? Each dish was a work of art... a really delicious work of art.I'm not articulate enough to describe how creative or tasty each dish was. So if you want a complete breakdown of every course you're better off reading this guy's review: kevineats.com/2011/01/e-But, here are a few notable dishes that I loved:- Beet jewelry. Playful, crunchy and delicious. I never thought beets could be so amazing.- Membrillo and la serena cone. A flaky cone filled with a creamy, tangy sheep's milk cheese.- Bocata de Calamares. An homage to the calamari sandwiches Andrés used to eat on the beach, this sammie had uni in place of calamari and it was delicate, briny masterpiece.- Cigala with Roses. Typically, I hate foams because they add little to dishes. But here, it added a noticable texture and flavor to the lobster.- Secreto of Ibérico Pork. The best dish of the night. The best piece of pork I've ever tasted. This was the pig equivalent of A5 kobe beef. Amazing!- Frozen Apricot Coulant. Similar to a chocolate lava cake in that you cut it open and liquid oozes out. It's a delicious and unique fruity dessert.- 25 Second Bizcocho. The best microwaved food ever. It had the texture of a sponge cake and had a creamy filling.Honestly, I could probably list a few more dishes that I loved. There wasn't a *bad* dish all night, but the weakest were the two they had to supplement because of my apple allergy. I can't fault them for that.The service was exceptional. Truly the best service I've ever experienced. There were two hosts (and I say hosts because dining at é is like dining in their home), Anthony and Stephanie, who were able to accommodate dietary/allergic restrictions, serve and clear dishes throughout the night and answer any question we had. It was professional but not stuffy. They're also not shy about keeping your glasses full. Wine was included in the price and Anthony and Stephanie were generous with the pours all night. It was like dining with an open bar.The price for the meal, as others have mentioned, is $250 per person. That includes wine, gratuity, and tax. In order to get reservations you have to email them. It's best to plan ahead and email them at least a month before you'd like to dine there. If you're a local, the more flexible you are with your dates (a weeknight instead of dining on a weekend) might make it easier for you to get in. For out of towners, make sure you tell them the dates you'll be in town and they'll try to fit you in. For me, after I initially emailed them I got an automated response right away followed by a dining reservation a couple weeks later.In the end, é was the most entertaining and amazing dining experience, although not necessarily the *best* meal ever. But, I'd put it in the top 3 that I've had. It's pricey but worth it for a once in a lifetime experience and a peek inside the mind and food memories of José Andrés.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,6/10/2011,191,302,8,8,7>This pertains to the Restaurant Week 2010 menu.The Skinny: great fusion asian cuisine and lovin' the bread service (4) service: efficient, prompt and friendly - I want to take the naan guy home!(4.5) value: for 50.10, it's not bad for a fine dining experience but the ethnic food is likely cheaper somewhere else(3).We've been wanting to try Sensi ever since we had their tasting at Taste of the Nation. My hubby was hesitant - he's not that into East Indian, Vietnamese and Thai flavours (except Pad see-uw... excuse the spelling).We love the dining room here. The view of the kitchens accompanied by flowing water everywhere, the design is truly lovely.Anyway, we ordered fried shrimp with citrus, market mixed green salad, butter chicken, skirtsteak with green papaya salad.But first, let's start out with bread service. Bread service consists of papadums and handmade naan out of a two real clay ovens installed in the kitchens. Although it didn't have quite the same elasticity and crispiness of the best naan I've ever had, it was still pretty darn good. Adding the tomato chutney, I just wanted to take the lovely East Indian naan-making gentleman home with me. (He's really nice - when we made hand signals of how much we like his naan - he sent out another fresh basket for us!)The fried shrimp was satisfyingly crisp and well seasoned. The market salad was equally pleasurable with the hint of bitterness of the lettuces and acidity from the citrus. Very well balanced dishes.I thoroughly enjoyed the grilled marinated skirtsteak (right amount of char) and nicely spiced accompanying green papaya salad. The green papaya was shaved so delicately, it looked like glass noodles. Wonderful flavour and textures. The butter chicken was nice along with the rice but it wasn't extraordinary.Dessert was okay but not exceptional. The chocolate temptation dessert was overly sweet while the caramel ice cream had a very heavy burnt sugar flavouring to it. The tapioca pudding was rather flavourless when paired with that wonderful mango lassi and coconut ice cream.Value wise, you can likely find each individual components for less else where (I'm sure you can get a decent butter chicken or green papaya salad for less than $50/person). However the service is wonderful and the ambience is amazing.I would say normally, this place would deserve a 3.5 star. However in light of the exceptional bread service, I'm bumping it up to a 4 star review.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,6/9/2011,144,333,16,4,6>Prince William will likely end up getting married in a massive European cathedral with vaulted ceilings.  Can you imagine anything more dull and less original?And that's one of the reasons that people come to Vegas: to knock the stuffiness out of a solemn ceremony.  You won't find a better place than A Little White Wedding Chapel to have your Vegas-style ceremony.  The staff is fun and genuinely seem to enjoy presiding over nuptials.  I've been there twice -- once to get married to a human in a drive through ceremony under a painted starry sky and once to get married to a turkey sandwich.  See what I mean about sense of humor?  One day, the chapel staff worked with Cappriotti's on a promotion where people could come to the chapel and pledge their love to the Bobbie.  Ohh, how I love that sandwich.  And that's what I'm saying: if you want to be married by someone who caters to the ceremony you want, who genuinely wants to be there and who wishes your union all the best, A Little White Wedding Chapel is the place.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2011,6/8/2011,93,649,6,9,7>When it comes to a lot of things, having logical and appropriate expectations makes all the difference. Bonnie Springs Old Nevada is the perfect example of a place that people can easily enjoy, provided they do not set their expectations too high. In other words, know what you are getting into! This is not a place to go if you dislike dirt, the smell of animals or need to use sidewalks for a wheelchair/stroller. Bonnie Springs Old Nevada is a replication of a old 1800s mining town. Many would call it a ghost town. There is a hotel, a petting zoo, horse rides and a restaurant in addition to the small town with shops, a chapel and gun-fight reenactments. There is a small train that runs around part of the property, however it only operates on weekends. There is a $20 fee per carload to enter the actual town and petting zoo, however you can eat in the restaurant without paying this fee. A car load is 6 people, and you do not necessarily need to show up int he same vehicle to get this rate. I recently attended a birthday party for the daughter of a friend here. The food served in the restaurant was basic, the service was on point. What really made the party great was the petting zoo... The kids really loved the animals. The big kid in me loved them too! The grounds do appear to be a little run down, but remember, this is supposed to be a ghost town. The employees I dealt with when I was there were courteous and helpful. If you can handle a little dirt and smelliness, and especially if you have little ones, take them down to Bonnie Springs to enjoy a little rustic entertainment!
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,6/7/2011,167,252,3,9,5>Maybe they read their yelp reviews, because my service here was great.  After ordering the pear tree green tea, the clerk asked me to wait right there and the barista would bring it to the counter.   When I ordered an apple tart and a choco-cappuccino (c'mon, I was there for 3 hrs), a server brought everything up to our seats on the second floor....quickly.  No questions.   Thanks yelpers!  As others have said, great ambiance but could use more seating.  And bigger little tables.  I sat in fear of an overturned French press for the better part of an hour.   Excellent friendly clerk who answered questions warmly and recommended teas to our party.  Bonus points for the flatscreen, book collection and table games on the second floor.  Just wish I lived closer to Boca....
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,6/6/2011,295,146,6,13,9>Forte has an incredibly extensive menu that ranges from Spanish tapas to Russian and Bulgarian specialties, but I'll get to the food later because the MOST UNIQUE part of this restaurant are the numerous house Infused Vodkas: The "Garden Vodka" when used as a substitute for every ingredient in your Dirty Martini excluding dry vermouth, creates an Exceptionally tasty yet one of a kind Cocktail. And I'm not afraid to admit that I am definitely a cocktail snob ;DThere is raspberry infused vodka, potato infused vodka, various Grappas... The list goes on- you need to check this place out if only to discover the rest. In addition they have Banana Sambuca, and while it isn't infused in house it's definitely going to be a pleaser for adventurous types. The bar is very well stocked from recongnizable alchohol to imported beers and wine, and especially imported vodkas; So don't be afraid to get obscure, like small village in the Ukraine obscure.Service- One thing I couldn't understand are the bad reviews preceding mine! You cannot come here expecting your service to be like The Olive Garden or some other heinous food chain. Forte is definitely an intimate atmosphere if you go early or on a weeknight. Thursday night is quietest. Because like most Eastern European bars/ casual restaurants they like to get a little rowdy with music! It's apart of the culture. They are having Jazz on Mondays though FYI. Service is personable and casual, and perfect for what it is.The food is incredibly fresh and delicious. The egg boat had a name I won't even try to pronounce (see pictures), and is a dish I've never come across before. So happy I did! My favorites were the almond stuffed dates (Rich and Delightful) and the Feta Burek with its flaky delicate crust and creamy center- Mmmm. For dessert we had the biscuit cake which reminded us of Tiramisu at first glance, but had this incredibly soft texture and taste that did not resemble Tiramisu, and it was a sumptuous finish to a quite filling dinner. They have flavored cappuccinos as well! If I had to sum up this place in a sentence it would be:Don't miss out!!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,6/5/2011,410,224,5,13,8>Herbs and Rye offers an excellent happy hour twice a day: 5pm-8pm and 12am-3am.  Happy hour gets you 50% off certain food items, $5 wells and $3 drafts.  The other evening I enjoyed a 17 oz. bone-in ribeye and a side of jalapeno creamed corn...all for a delicious $13.00.  While it still makes for a good $26 entree (ordering this dish during non-happy hours gets you two sides instead of one), getting this for half price only sweetens the deal.  This is one of the better deals I've come across in a while.  Don't get dragged to a Station Casino looking for their late night steak and eggs;  this is the place to be!The bartenders are the other stars here at Herbs and Rye.  They have been able to make all drinks that my friends and I have ordered without giving us a blank stare and asking, "What is that?"  This is a refreshing thing to see as compared to other establishments.  My friends have been very impressed by the drinks crafted here; I think they make good drinks, but nothing on their menu has really made my palate scream for more.  I'm perfectly happy ordering an Old Fashioned here, though, which I can't say about 90% of the other bars out there!One nice thing that's happened recently is that all the video poker machines have been removed from the bar!  This makes for an even better place to grab a few drinks and a meal if your party is small enough to sit at the bar.  Nectaly has been a superb host, remembering customers and always asking customers how their experience has been.  Herbs and Rye is another repeat eat for me here in Las Vegas!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,6/3/2011,157,244,12,8,8>******** TACO SEARCH OVER **********Are you a basketball fan?  Do you remember when Vince Carter played his only time in the slam dunk contest, threw down his first, thunderous dunk, and stared into the audience, motioning with his hand slitting his throat and mouthed...................."It's Over"That is how i felt after i took my first bite of their Spicy Pork adoboda taco.The search for Vegas's Best Taco has ended.  It's over.I didn't think it was possible to get an authentic taco in this town.  I been to the self proclaimed "Robertos" and the other has-beens where frankly after tonight I'd feed it all to a dog.We got the cabeza (beef head), lengua (tongue), and the spicy pork adoboda.  When you arrive, there is a secret way of ordering, kind of like In-and-Out.  Based on the meat choice you want, you go to line 1, 2, or 3.The line closest to the door is where it is at yo..Spicy pork goodness.  Be sure to hit up every line and get your grilled scallions and peppers in line 1.  BEst of all, this place is open till 4am on the weekends.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,6/2/2011,140,148,7,15,11>If you like Asian food, you have to try this restaurant.  Fresh, delicious,  reasonably-priced food, and great service.They have a little bit of everything, and everything we've had was really good.  The food is beautiful, and you can tell that the owner really cares about presentation.  Everything is always really fresh, and the vegetables are nice, and crisp (not frozen, or overcooked).We've been here twice so far, and we've tried quite a few things.  The curries, and noodle dishes really stand out.  The soups are really nice as well.  I really loved the pho, and coconut chicken soup.One of my favorite things at this restaurant (so far) is the tempura cheesecake dessert.  They didn't have it the first time we came, so the owner surprised us with some free deep fried ice cream instead (also delicious).  All of the people that work here are really friendly, and attentive.  They've even gone out of their way to make off-menu items for us.They have some great lunch specials too, so I will definitely be back soon.   :)
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,6/1/2011,264,264,6,16,10>I love how vegan-friendly this place is!! REAL sushi roll options (not just boring old cucumber or avocado).  Agedashi tofu without those pesky bonito flakes.  Yakisoba, mmm.  And egg-free tempura.  Kimpira! My problem when I go here is that I want to order EVERYTHING.  Everything is so good and reasonably priced.  I am partial to the age tofu roll, and I will swoon over the tempura.  You really can't go wrong.  Check for the veggie special of the day!
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,5/31/2011,821,451,5,17,10>Been to the Wicked Spoon Buffet a few times since they opened.  First time I went was during lunch during their first or second week of opening, where there were many kinks still needed to be worked out (lack of labels for the food served, bussers/waiters having a hard time clearing plates, etc.).  But I am glad to say that since my first visit, all of these issues have been addressed, and the experience of dining here has vastly improved.The selection of food served have also undergone a lot of changes, with items that are not popular or not being executed well being removed and replaced (crab apples is no more and replaced by chocolate covered marshmallows, dim sum items are gone - I wish they were still able to make the xiao long baos, some desserts are changed or simplified).The wait is a complaint for some visitors, but it hasn't been an issue for me during the times I have dined at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  With the most recent visit being at 7pm during the weekday.  Price for lunch is $19 and $27 for dinner, which is pretty fair for the quality and selection of food served.  There is also a bar where you can order alcoholic beverages for an additional charge.The buffet itself is pretty organized and traffic for the most part flows smoothly.  The salads and appetizers station is located on the left side (facing the buffet) and entrees in the middle, Asian section on the right side near the dessert station.  The dining area is decorated nicely, although it is not that large.  Finding the buffet can be a A lot of comments have already been posted about the food, so I am not going to bore you with my thoughts and preferences, as we all have different tastes, likes and dislikes.  But I will say that occasionally they serve whole suckling pigs (each weighing about 100 pounds and feeds about 30 people) so if you do see it on the buffet consider yourself lucky and enjoy the special treat.From very reliable sources, the Asian station is one of the most popular station at the Wicked Spoon Buffet.  The Chefs there have plans to roll out a seasonal menu starting Easter, while continuing to serve the some core items throughout the year, so guests can experience the food at Wicked Spoon without getting bored of the same menu.About the service, I think it is excellent.  The waiters/waitresses are all doing their best to offer a great service to the guest.  And if you have special dietary needs, you can ask the cooks and they will do their best to accommodate you.  If you have other special requests (i.e., craving for a specialty cheese that may not be on displayed at the buffet, wanting to have your prime rib grilled), from personal experience I know they will accommodate you.  Which is major kudos in my book.Anyway, for the price of admission, I think you are getting a pretty decent value and food here.  4 stars!And if you have the Cosmopolitan IDENTITY card, present it to the cashier to accumulate points towards the rewards program.---Promotions---On "Plateau" Mondays, guests can upgrade their dinner with a Fruits de Mer Seafood Plateau served directly at your table for only $10 per person. Minimum of 2 people.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,5/29/2011,136,413,7,7,6>I never knew a good croissant until I found Baguette Cafe. I never knew what a real quiche tasted like until I discovered this place. The best part about finding this cafe is the fact that their entire menu is genuinely delicious!  I am in love with this place!Situated in the corner of the Centra business complex, Baguette is a treasure worth searching for on Sunset and the 215. If it wasn't for my new job down in the area, I would have lived the rest of my life oblivious to true French pastries and the genius of the owner's parents and their fantastic from-scratch cuisine. The first time I walked in the smell of fresh croissants wafted in the air. They import the dough from France and bake it fresh daily. It has the right pull, the beautiful flaky exterior and a flavor like no other croissant I've ever had. From there I began ordering sandwiches and literally worked my way through the menu. Every single one is flavorful and down right delicious. I'm hooked. The best part? They make my chai tea better than Starbucks. Yum!If you want a place to eat where you don't have to avoid parts of the menu, or are looking for a family run cafe that makes sandwiches and pastries from scratch, venture down southwest and eat here. It's worth the trip. I eat here every single day and will never tire of their great food. It's simple-sandwiches, soups, salads, and a variety of pastries and quiche daily, along with Illy coffee and variety of lattes and teas--you cannot go wrong. Olivier, the owner, is amazing and will take care of you. His parents cook in the back and are AMAZING at what they do. I implore you to eat here. Just once. I guarantee it won't be your last.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,5/27/2011,222,141,6,7,7>First time here and writing this review chillin' inside Sunrise Coffee right now.  Couldn't wait to write a review because I just had the best effing egg croissant in my life right now!  At first I was like wow $5 fro a breakfast sandwich and the moment I took my first bite I was like oh sh*t, this egg sandwich is hella good.  The croissant was soft enough that it just melts in your mouth,  Egg was scrambled just right.  It came with avocados and tomato and something that I have never had or seen before in a sandwich. It wasn't lettuce but instead leaves.  Yes, like leaves on trees.  Anyone that has been here before know what these green leaves are?  Reason I'm asking is I'm going to attempt to see if i can make a sandwich similar to this at home.And oh, they serve coffee as well, haha.  Free WiFi too along with good music in the background because any place that plays nightmare on wax is a def' thumbs up in my book. They do spoken words (open mic poetry session) I believe every monday night from what I know of before, but I don't know if it still goes on as of now.Aight ya'll, back to studying.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,5/26/2011,99,98,10,17,15>Yummy cheap street eats. It's a happening food truck without the wheels, no need to follow em' on twitter, they are here to stay. I am in no way shape or form an expert on the food of Venezuela, but I know delish when I taste it, and there are some mighty fine treats coming out of this window. I sampled strictly the Arepas. What the heck is an Arepa? Kind of a grilled corn shell, like a mash up of a sope and papusa, but hand sliced down the middle like a hamburger bun. After that just pick the filling(s) you want and enjoy. I particularly like the black bean and cheese and the tongue. Perico is the kitchen sink and really good too. Don't forget that crazy good green sauce, don't worry, it's not hot, but does burst with flavor. Arepas run $2.75-$4.00 Empanadas are $1.99 Venezy drinks are $1.49-dude hooked me up with free refills, don't know if that's the norm though. I tried 2 beverages Parchita which is a very sweet fruit punch thing, and the star by far was the Guanabana drink, which comes from the native southern hemisphere fruit of the same name. Very light, clean and refreshing taste. Bonus, they claim only fresh ingredients and no MSG, no microwave, and no can openers.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,5/24/2011,93,135,1,12,7>When my boyfriend and I arrived to this cute little bistro, there were only 1 or 2 tables occupied. The walls of the interior are painted a light green color that I enjoyed. There are gold statuettes along the walls, as well as many large windows that fill the space with natural light. On most, if not all, of the tables are little vases with orchids. It was a pleasant dining area even with the TV playing in the background. It can be hard to spot if you don't pull into the parking area behind Aloha kitchen. The menu is displayed on the wall along with several photos of their specialties. J quickly decided on the lechon kawali, a large portion of crispy skinned pork with juicy, fatty meat on the inside. It came with a vinegary dipping sauce that complimented the richness of the meat and several slices of raw sweet onion. It was REALLY crisp, crackled when you bite into kind of crisp. I found it made my jaw muscles tired after eating 3-4 pieces- but probably not a bad thing since all that chewing might help work off some of that delicious pork fat. I ordered the adobo, which was a large bowl full of super tender, soy and vinegar-spiced pork chunks. The cuts of pork reminded me of some of the better carnitas I've had, with enough gristle and unrendered fat left to give it an unctuous mouth feel. The flavorful sauce was great to pour over the perfectly cooked sticky rice and more of it would've disappeared easily. It seemed like a dish that had been cooking low and slow for quite some time, a signature of many comforting dishes. I would have liked some vegetables with it to break up all the meatiness, but it was a delicious dish. The texture of the rice was great with the pork. We also got an order of the Shanghai lumpia, which would have all vanished if I hadn't caught J before he got to them all! Crisp, narrow cigar-shaped little pockets of deep-fried meaty goodness served with a sweet and sour chili sauce, it's easy to see why. We also had an Ilikoi passion drink and Kona coffee. The coffee was lovely but was served with packets of non-dairy creamer, which saddens me a little. It's really a small detail, but when having such a nice variety of coffee I want to enjoy it fully and without high fructose/hydrogenated processed things. Not a huge deal because it still tasted great, but something I find worth pointing out. I was really excited that they offered kona coffee! The passion fruit drink was also tasty, though J drank most of it. The water tasted like tap water, so we barely sipped any.Overall, the food here was great. If you're a fan of the Hawaiian Sun drinks I imagine you'll be happy. It's a nice change of pace from the usual strip mall fare and I'd rather go here than to another McChipotle or Pei Wei. Not my usual neighborhood hang out, but I can see going back sooner rather than later!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,5/23/2011,83,599,10,14,11>200th review!  And the Buffet of Buffets (all 7 buffets!) was a once in a lifetime experience worth the honor of being number 200.  Meaning I won't do it again but it was a lot of fun!Here is a list the buffets in order of my preference with links to my separate reviews:Flamingo - Paradise Garden Buffet yelp.com/biz/paradise-gaHarrah's - Flavors Buffet yelp.com/biz/flavors-theRio - Carnival World Buffet yelp.com/biz/carnival-woPlanet Hollywood - Spice Market Buffet yelp.com/biz/the-spice-mParis - Le Village Buffet yelp.com/biz/le-village-Caesars Palace - Lago Buffet yelp.com/biz/lago-buffetImperial Palace - Emperor's Buffet yelp.com/biz/emperors-buIf you are thinking about taking on this feat, you may need alcohol.  Do it on the weekend and check to see which buffets include champagne and bloody marys with brunch.  Lago is your best bet early in the morning and some of the other buffets after 10:30am.  I think each buffet (except for IP) sells line passes at the VIP lines.  If the lines get long, buy the passes so you don't go crazy.  See the pics or the event link for Ken M.'s great schedule.yelp.com/events/las-vegaIt's a good time with a bunch of friends and definitely an experience.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,5/22/2011,4974,721,14,11,9>What can be said that hasn't been in over 500 reviews?!?!?Get in line before 6pm.  The line is longer than some nights at Tao.  I try to get there at seniors dinner time which is like 4pm..5 at the very latest.  Don't even bother after 7.Why not have a few beers/glasses of wine before even eating?  Hey..you waited long enough in that goddamn line.  Might as well take your time and enjoy it.  It surprises me that I've never seen anyone inebriated beyond comprehension....ASIDE from my wife's friend who downed about 18 glasses of wine and actually had to be assisted back to our booth by a server since she was lost and couldn't walk in a straight line.  We actually had to carry her out of the M.  Miiiiiildly embarrassing.  3rd best daily buffet in town.  Bellagio and Wynn are still better.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,5/21/2011,218,93,10,11,9>My hands are very important in my line of work.  You could say I'm like a hand model.  Many times, clients will see my hands before they see me.  So it's important that I have beautiful nails, not overly long or overly decorated, just cuticle-free, strong, well-shaped, nice nails.I'm an easy yet picky customer.  What does that mean?  I don't do gels or acrylics.  I only get mani-pedis.  But I'm Vietnamese, we're meant to take over the world, one nail at a time, in the famous Dat Phan's words.  Three of my family members own nail salons in different states, I've worked in a couple of them.  So I know my manicures and pedicures.  I know the work and shortcuts.  I know how to give a 30-min mani-pedi and a 75-min mani-pedi.  Like I said, I'm Vietnamese.Except, I don't look Vietnamese.  So it's been difficult for me to find nail salons I like, since they treat me like a non-Vietnamese, while I literally understand what they're saying and technically know what they're doing.  But I like Instyle Nails.It could be because the first time I came here, it was with my friend, a pretty famous singer, well-known in the Viet community, so immediately they knew I was Vietnamese and also wanted to impress me because of my friend.  It's nice to be acquainted with fame.  But I've been to the salon a few times now, and I still like it.  It's clean.  They're always friendly, and not just to me.  And most importantly, all the nail technicians I've had are detail-oriented.  They don't take shortcuts.  I recommend either Trina or Joe.  Trina will shower you with her 75-min mani-pedi.  She takes pride in her work.  Joe does a good job and will crack you up with his quirky irreverent sense of humor.  I like them.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,5/20/2011,303,269,12,8,7>Are you of Filipino or Asian descent....and you want some pancakes? Well then, Babycakes Cafe is for you!  The owners of Babycakes are some mighty nice PILIPINO (I say it like my nanay) people!  Have you eaten yet?Babycakes is packed in the morning especially on weekends because they are only open for breakfast and lunch up until around 2 PM!  So if you can get over your "What happens in Vegas...stays in Vegas" hangover get here early!  If you get to Babycakes at prime dining time be prepared for a bit of a wait.  But it's ok because it's worth it.We meandered here on a Furlough Friday for us and intended not to spend any money of this day of no pay.  Boy was that a mistake!  We 'accidentally' pulled into the parking lot just to see what the crowd was like.  Once that smell of pancakes and grilled goodies hit me I couldn't help it.  We got out of the car and walked in.  Thankfully, no wait!I just couldn't keep myself from looking around the dining area and checking to see if I was related to anyone in the place!  So bad...I know!  So many Asian people around me...like I was at a Wow-Wow-Wee taping!  Or a Journey concert with Alan Pineda as the lead singer!  Alas, there was no relatives of mine within the vicinity.On to checking out the Babycakes Cafe menu.  Lots of familiar breakfast choices.  Babycake pancakes, favorites, omelettes, benedicts, crepes, all kinds of good stuff!  We ended up ordering the Baby Chick omelette with chicken, mushrooms, spinach, garlic, and cheddar cheese ($9.50), the Two-Egg Breakfast with two eggs, and hashbrowns ($6.25), and a short stack of their famous Red Velvet babycakes ($5.75).  Both of our orders each also came with two buttermilk babycakes included!  Not too shabby!  The food?  Delicious!  The omelette was fluffy and had a good amount of fillings, the eggs were cooked great (sunny side up..yum) and my hashbrowns were the way I like em'...super crunchy!  The babycakes were excellent as well, buttery and light.  But damn...those Red Velvet babycakes?  They were pretty bomb!  Topped with whipped cream and chocolate chips?  It was like having dessert for breakfast!  So savory!  Didn't even need the cream cheese syrup.  I will be sure to order a FULL stack of these next time!  And probably not share, ha ha!Babycakes Cafe also has some stuff on the menu that is definitely Asian/Filipino/Hawaiian inspired.  These guys serve Spam!  Oh yeah!  The king of meats in Hawaii!  Definitely feelin' like I'm home.  Babycakes also has a Kalua Pig Benedict which definitely rings in the islands.  Don't forget Loco Moco!  It's made there too.  They serve Asian inspired Honey Toast!  Japan would be proud!  One of Babycakes biggest specialty sellers is Rick's Adobo Fried Rice.  I wish I had ordered it because it looked so yummy!  Steaming hot with a side of macaroni salad included, all I needed was to top it off with ketchup, shoyu, and Tabasco.  Breakfast nirvana I say!We'll be going here again soon.  Food was good, service was good, atmosphere is good.  I heard on the grapevine that the members of Jabbawockeez and Super Cr3w frequent Babycakes Cafe quite a bit and they love it!  I didn't see any of them in there the time we visited...but then again, how would I know what the Jabbawockeez guys look like without their white masks on?Go here for a good breakfast!  It's the most important meal of the day!  If I remember correctly, the lady owner of Babycakes Cafe was super duper, mighty fine lookin', very pretty lady!  Friendly too.  Another reason to visit sooner!
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,5/19/2011,408,99,5,11,7>"If there's such a thing as "food for thought" then it's close cousin must be the "food for the soul"." - Aljamin Santos (c)We dress our Sunday's best every Sunday to Church because we want to be presentable to a Higher Power. Whether or not you believe in such as a Higher Power aka God, we will find common grounds in Harold's Chicken and Fish. Tracy at HC&F's beliefs are parallel and very evident that she believes in dressing the great food served here in it's best and highly presentable in her very new location on West Cheyenne. Barely a Las Vegas local, Tracy came here about a month and half ago from Southside Chicago taking along with her the deep and fresh tastes from Chicago with her version of Chicago's soul food! Don't be fooled-- the other Harold's are owned by different folks!A few of my friends and I planned to get sandwiches, but when we were waiting to turn into the plaza, my gf mentioned that HC&F has a sign saying "NOW OPEN". I honked at my brother and with all my knowledge of sign language, I frantically tried to signal him to look at HC&F's sign! Little did Tracy know, that the reputation of HC&F precedes them and we've been waiting for them to open for quite a bit of time already. We walked in and started to take in the place. The entire restaurant is likened to a very large dining room with 2 flat screen televisions, sofas, chairs, plenty of tables, and jazz decor. The menu is self-explanatory but if you have questions, Tracy would be very happy to answer them. When we walked up, I asked what "perch" was. I've never heard of it and Tracy was so kind and generous to give me an explanation and offer a sample for me to try it! That's hospitality! :)After we ordered, we sat for no more than 7 minutes until our food arrived. We were the only customers, but 7 minutes for all the food we ordered came out to us brought by Tracy herself in pretty good time! We ordered the catfish and dark meat chicken combo. The combo came with 3 catfish filets, 1 leg, 1 drumstick and some fries. It didn't come with a drink though. That'd be nice if it did :) The catfish was fried in a corn meal kind of crust and had just the right amount of that fish-y taste and flakiness. Tasty, indeed! The fried chicken wasn't very different, but reminiscent of Popeye's. Popeye's is one of my favorite chicken places, so for me to say it's like Popeye's is a good thing. Fries are fries so there isn't much to mention about that. However, the perch, is something I'm new to and am probably going to replace catfish with it! Tracy's description of the perch was spot on: more meaty and a little bit saltier. Prepared the same as the catfish, the perch's flavor really broke through and collided with my taste buds!Tracy was very hospitable to let us try some of the perch already, but just when you though that was it, she came through with some freshly cooked shrimp that were te size of prawns! She told us to give them a try and let her know how they were. So, this goes out to Tracy: "The shrimp and perch was the BOMB!" :D This particular HC&F has potential to become something exceptional and definitely a local favorite! The space inside is large enough to host a live band on Friday or Satirday nights! Just a few ideas! :) Not only did the food have soul, but Tracy and her crew straight from Chicago had the spirit in them today too! I look forward to out next trip. Next time, we're bringing the whole crew down!
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,5/18/2011,1110,542,6,8,9>SOYO = #1 Vegas Korean hot spot!!!My boys... supercr3w/ jabbawockeez  love coming here. I came here last month with the boys... and I was super excited since I've been wanting to try Soyo after reading their rave on yelp.I had the Kalbi and bulgogi! 2 solid choices!I can't wait to come back for more kalbi & bulgogi!!I don't do spicy/hot  nor do I drink alcohol so my korean choices are limited but the kalbi and bulgogi is more then enough to make me come back to Soyo!Love the indoor seating. cool drinking cups.Casual dining. stress free parking. no wait (when I went that night).If you're visiting Vegas or a local and looking to get your korean on... make it SOYO!I'll be back SOYO!-Miss Yelp 2011 :D
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2010,5/17/2011,239,235,5,8,8>I didn't feel like cooking yesterday, but then again I haven't been feeling like cooking for a few days now.  Instead, I decided we ate Chinese food since that's really what would be open during this day here in Vegas.  First I drove to China Ginger  but decided to go a different route after reading some of the reviews.I found Wendy's Noodle Cafe through Yelp, thanks!  The lady that greeted me was really nice and friendly and seemed to go above and beyond her duties.  She was helpful and patient with me as I looked at their menu trying to find something good to order.  Finally, I ordered French Style Beef Cubes with Black Pepper Sauce & Rice $7.95, Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce $5.50, and Walnut Shrimp $12.95.  After I made my order, the host served me some green tea as I was waiting for my food.  I was pleasantly surprised.  It didn't take too long before my food was ready which then I rushed home so my bf and I could eat.  The food was awesome.  Everything was as Yelp members said it would be and I would go back over and over again to try all the other food.  The meat and shrimp were tender and seasoned perfectly.  The Chinese broccoli had just enough and right amount of oyster sauce, and the rice was cooked perfectly.  Hands down, I'm coming back.  One of my bf's friend's talked about Chinese porridge and they do have it in their menu.  This will be my next item to choose when I come back here.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,5/16/2011,99,79,7,11,9>I really misjudged this place the first time I ate here, well cause for one. I didn't know what to order.  After eating here a second time, I feel like the place deserved its justice.  I do now have a better understanding of what to order, and how to order it.  I never understood why the prices were so high, untili the waitress came out and explained it to us.  The reason why it's $8.95 or higher a plate for a couple slices of meat, is because they're giving you high quality meat.  They can't do an all you can eat option, because it would cause them to go broke.  With those pieces of meat I can't complain, they were so tender and amazingly satisfying.  Don't be confused in mixing this with korean bbq, in fact there is nothing korean about it, except for the fact that they give kimchi and pickled cucumbers as sides.  My friends and I ordered 2 of the family specials at $39.95 a plate.  It came with 3 types of meat (we ordered prime), beef tongue, and chicken.  OMG, the kalbi is sooooo melt in your mouth delicious.  Try not to cook it all the way, and have the meat be a little pink.  Trust me, the juices will intensify your tongue with a booming blast of flavors! We then ordered another round of kalbi and some other type of meat.  I think this has been one of the best quality meats I've had at a Yakiniku restaurant, for a reasonable price.  The atmosphere of this place is good, the waiters/waitresses weren't rude and they sit you down immediately after walking in.  The food preparation is fast, and they're not bad with splitting the checks.  It was a good encounter in chinatown, where I'm always faced with bad service. All in all, I would return again. Maybe with a group, because all together the bill came out to $120.  But with the groupon, we ended up saving $100.00.  Thank you groupon!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,5/15/2011,222,164,8,15,12>Now this was the visit I was wanting from my previous visit.  Flavors were delicate, yummy and textures were there!  For the first time, I thought that the bomb items would naturally come from the "special" menu, but this time, we went with the gut feeling and ordered more instinctively from the main menu.  This time is was truly good.Bonus appetizer:*Deep fried yamaimo (Mountain Potato) - It was like eating delicate fries.  The potato had tempura batter and very lightly salted.  Crispy and delicious!*Albacore w/Drew Special and Tuna Carpaccio- I'm going to group this dish with the Tuna Carpaccio in terms of flavor.  Both had tangy sauce that complimented the tuna.                                *Agedashi Tofu - Kyara makes a slighty darker and saltier sauce, but I appreciated the delicately fried tofu cubes.*Eggplant Steak - This was on the saltier side, but I enjoyed it overall*Butabara - Bacon slices on a stick!!!!  Being the piggies that we are, we ordered one order each of the salt and soy sauce/terikyaki-ish versions.  I'm a lover of most things greasy and bacon. This was a winner and the soy sauce version was the overall winner of the two.*Kaisen Chawanmushi (steamed egg custard with seafood) - This was probably our favorite of the evening.  The steamed egg custard was perfectly salty infused with the essences of the seafood within it.  Slurped it all up.*Chicken Garlic Ponzu - This is basically a super tender pice of chicken cutlet with my fav flavors of garlic and ponzu.*Tori Meshi - soboro (seasoned ground chicken) with rice, hearty rice and seasoned chicken.  Good!Conclusion:  I am warming up to Kyara.  It's definitely not Raku caliber Japanese tapas, but it will do if you forget to make a reservation for Raku.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,5/14/2011,71,58,3,4,3>So, went here with my wife and her best friend recently.  I have to say, really amazing drinks.  The prices are a little bit high, but let me remind you all of something, YOU'RE IN VEGAS!!!  If you want cheap drink and to remain in Nevada, head to Tonopah, Ely, Winnemucca, etc.  You get the drift.  The bartenders are all really knowlegeable and didn't hesitate whatsoever when I just asked them to make me a delicious vodka cocktail.  Best. Cocktail. Ever.  Had fresh basil, vodka, and other stuff.  I would recommend this bar to anyone in town for a weekend, or locals wanting to see the new Cosmopolitan!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2011,5/13/2011,100,248,2,14,6>After reading reviews on Yelp *wink* I decided to book my birthday massage at Qua.I booked a 75 minute classic massage with Dru (woman) who was recommended to me by a friend.The spa is located on the 2nd floor of the towers, right next door to Color Salon.Once you check in, they guide you back into Qua where you will meet a worker.  They will then have you sign in and introduce you to Qua Baths & Spa.  The only part of Qua that is co-ed is the gym.  The rest is separated.The Roman Baths- mineral water hot tubs.  One is cold, one is perfect and one was scalding your skin off hot.  (At least to me!)  There are very comfortable stone heated seats around the Roman baths for you to lounge in.Lockers- free to use.  You enter a code that you pick to lock & unlock your locker.  Inside the locker is a bathrobe and flip flops for you to wear.Tea Room- they will make a loose-leaf tea for you!  This is where you will wait for your treatment, or you can just relax and eat some fruit, or sip on tea, water, coffee or flavored water.  Also, this is the only place there is a clock!Jacuzzi- There is a chlorine jacuzzi if you would rather use that, then the mineral water Roman Baths.Cedar Sauna- dry & hot sauna, very standard.Arctic Room- This is a cooler room that "snows" soap on you.  Very nice after the sauna and steam room.Herbal Steam Room- this was the most intense steam room I have ever been in.  But it was my favorite.  Just like a regular steam room but intense that by 50.I heard the proper way is to go hot, cold, hot, cold, etc.  So today I did the steam room, then the arctic room, then the sauna, repeat.  Then the Roman Baths.  Then back on the regime of steam, arctic and sauna.  In between each room, I would get a water, a fresh towel and a fresh cold, peppermint wash cloth.I got there around 11:30am, did all of that.  Had my massage at 2pm (for 75 minutes) and then came back and did all of that again until 4pm.The Massage-I had the classic 75 minute massage.  Dru came and got me and took me back to the room.  She stepped out, and you undress and get under the sheets.  She asked what kind of pressure I would like- light, medium or hard.  I asked for a mix of medium & hard.  She then asked what areas I would like focused on.  I told her my shoulders and neck.  Then she proceeded to massage my neck and face and head.  She did my arms and legs.  Then you turn over and she does your back, legs, arms, buttocks and more of your back.  It was absolutely perfect!  I didn't want it to end!  She took me back to where all of the rooms are and I was able to do more of the steam, arctic and sauna action before I decided to leave.Note: Most people wear their bathing suits.  This is just me, but I don't like the naked aspect to it, but whatever!Showers- They have individual showers for you to use.  There is a main "rain" head and three other places where water comes out of the wall.  They have shampoo, conditioner, and shower gel for you to use.  As well as, shaving cream and razors.  Once you get done showering, you can put your bathing suit into a tiny machine for it to dry it out.Then you can go over to the vanities and use their blow dryers, straighteners, curling irons, deodorant, hair spray, hair gel, baby powder, bobby pins, combs, brushes and a few other things.Everyone was really nice and everything stayed completely stocked.I definitely put in my full days worth at Qua!  Qua was awesome.  Everyone says that it is the best.  I'm scared to try anywhere else!
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,5/12/2011,224,164,6,8,6>Me: Mom can I get a s2000?Her: NOPEIf your dreams were crushed like mine to drive a well balanced coupe down a curvy mountain on a Saturday night then you may want to head down to Fast Lap for your fix. Sure it is no where comparable thrills wise to a curvy mountain, but Fast Lap's curvy track will entertain you and everyone whom doesn't drive under the speed limit. There are a ton of coupons and deals out there for Fast Lap, whether it be a Yelp promotion, locals promo, or some coupon for 3 races for $25 dollars. Each race is approximately 8-9 minutes long, a fast lap is in the high 20's, and these things are QUIIIIIIIIIIiick (up to 50mph). Braking and acceleration are present on these go karts, although you'll probably never have to brake (just let your foot off the accelerator) since you'll never have the chance to access a speed which you need to brake. The turning radius of the wheel is limited (probably 35 degrees each way). Each race is physically exhausting if you've never done go karting before. Head socks which go under the helmet, a helmet, gloves, AND a track suit is provided, cool stuff.To get here I would recommend go from Tropicana and making a left onto Polaris (or right if you are coming from the strip) because if you take Flamingo you will be making turns and turns to find this place.My only disappointment is that my kart broke, must be because I'm too hardcore. PS:  Driving your regular vehicle afterwards  will seem awkward and you will probably make crazy turns scaring your passengers. That is mostly due to the fact that your wheel is uber light now.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,5/11/2011,242,416,7,9,8>I've gone here about 4 times already and every time the food is delicious and the service is quick. You may be a little thrown off by the location. I probably wouldn't have ever noticed it if my boyfriend didn't point it out because it's pretty hidden in a ghetto looking plaza next to a bridge. When you walk in you usually see the staff eating at a table because it's not that busy (at least the times that I've gone). You get to seat yourself and they bring you the menus along with water. We usually order the pork in chef sauce and the crispy noodles because they are to die for! Then we'll try a couple dishes that we haven't tried before. The first time we went we got fried rice, but they give you complimentary white rice anyway so there's no need to order extra, just get another type of dish. Every time we've gone the place has been very peaceful. I like that it hasn't ever been very busy, it makes for a nice quiet meal. Even though the staff is usually eating at one of the tables, they're still very attentive and fill your glasses whenever they get halfway. This place has the best crispy noodles and pork I've had in town. I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,5/9/2011,137,378,19,11,6>Since my first review, I've been back to Living Dead many times. I got two half sleeves finished, and 2 sizable tats on my back.While I was getting my half sleeve done, one of the new apprentices did one of the funniest and dumbest things I've ever had the pleasure of witnessing. He had gone to an ice cream shop around the area, and without thinking about it, popped one of the sample spoons in his mouth.Turns out the spoon was a used spoon in the little spoon disposal thing. As soon as he realized it, he spit the spoon out, but not before cutting the inside of his mouth. Tragic, right? No, easily fixed. Where's the rubbing alcohol?The apprentice then finds a shot glass and pours himself a helping of rubbing alcohol. He throws it back into his mouth, gargles it, immediately screams and vomits in the employee area sink. We had to stop my tattoo for a few minutes because everyone just broke out in laughter simultaneously at this poor guy's idiocy.I guess what I'm trying to say in a terrible way is that this place is a really comfortable place to be when you're modifying your body. When it comes to the artwork and the tattoo, the artists are 100% professional, and it's just an overall good vibe.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,5/8/2011,50,72,5,8,8>Holy Guacamole Batman...  This place ROCKS!!!!  I was totally tempted by Jaime W's ROTD for this place and so I had to go ASAP.  I was Sooooo NOT disappointed!!  My stud muffin had some errands to run so as luck would have it we were on the other side of the universe from where we live which just so happened to be RIGHT BY CARLITO'S!!  Serendipitous! So we walk in and the place is small but PACKED!!  That's a good sign.  You could tell that these were ALL REGULARS too.  I saunter on up to the little counter staring at the menu overhead trying desperately to remember what I had decided I wanted to try.  I couldn't remember so I just told the guy that it was our first time and asked him what was the best thing they had.  He asked us if we like spicy and WE DO so he suggested the Chili Verde Burrito.... I got it Combo which is beans and rice and Eric (aka stud muffin, studster, baby maker, hubster, etc) got it Carlito's Way which is double meat.  My son ordered the chicken Nachos. (All three lunches with drinks plus tax & tip came out to under $30.) The service was fast and friendly!When the food arrived (which was quickly despite being very busy) we were first impressed by the shear SIZE of the portions... HUGE!  More than enough to fill up my teenage son who can easily eat a large pizza by himself!!  The nachos are piled HIGH with everything you can imagine and the chicken is SO GOOD!!!  TONS OF FLAVOR!!!  Our Burritos were so big and smothered in green sauce and just the right amount of cheese.  We dug in and both immediately started making noises you would normally hear coming from a bedroom but it was sooo good we couldn't help it!!  Just the right amount of hot without losing any of the flavor.  OH. SO. GOOD!  I still have half of mine left and will be having it for dinner tonight!!I am a definite FAN of Carlito's!! There is not one thing negative I have to say about this place.  It is exactly what it should be.   So my taste buds and  tummy send many thanks Carlito's and to Jaime W for sending me there!!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,5/7/2011,364,129,4,8,7>Okay... its already known that this place has sky rocketed through the roofs after Man vs. Food came here AND with friends constantly talking about Hot N Juicy! What's the next step?? Of course I had to bring my hungry ass to check this place out myself :)Went along with my friends/RETURN customers yesterday (monday) haha and luckily there was no wait because apparently I've heard that they would have a 2 hr wait time...woah. Got seated to our table and I scanned the whole place out... it's actually nice inside. Not a fancy nice, but nice as in a chill laid back vibe. Being that it was my first time, I told the server what is "normal" for myself to "CONSUME" lol (food served in pounds). And she mentioned 1lb is normal for 1 person. She suggested the HOT N' JUICY SPECIAL, shrimp or crawfish. I picked shrimp. then there's a choice of how spicy you want it - Medium, Spicy, or Extra Spicy. Personally I love spicy food! I was thinking extra spicy! but then the server was saying that sometimes going extra spicy takes away the flavor of the food... and of course I didn't want THAT to happen haha. Food arrives! got the napkins in place, my cup of water, and the infamous crawfish bib on.....now my game face starts! lol. Overall, the shrimp was definitely JUICY being soaked in with all the spice n' garlic! Spice level was perfect for me, although I should of tried the extra spicy too see how dangerous they seem to sound. Always next time. BTW, I was not able to finish the lb. of shrimp I ordered since I had to peel the skin off one by one! I got full quicker because I ate slow!! FML! haha. This place is one spot you would want to come to if you need some livin la vida loca in your life!! haha
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,5/6/2011,400,1236,8,9,7>Lucky number 200. Came here with some friends and was excited by the concept. I really wish they served food, but this place is pretty bad ass. I think that would be a great addition. Such a fun environment. Plenty of video games to choose from. Many coin operated games as well as more modern games you can play at the bar. Great selection (if only they had Bomberman, sigh).The bartenders are quite friendly and helpful and I was very pleased with the drink options. I got the Blinky, while my fella got the Pac-Man. Yum.  I wish the drinks they were slightly less pricy and had a little more kick (if you know what I mean ;).Old School meets New School games. FUN! Next time, we'll aim to get a booth all to ourselves, hehe. It's definitely a nice addition to Fremont Street. This place is awesome, minus some unfortunate thumb blisters, but I guess that just comes with the territory. Not sure I'll be back regularly, but it's a nice concept.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,5/5/2011,143,170,11,13,13>I am a serious donut polygamist.  When I make a commitment, it's usually to at least half a dozen baked treats.  I know some folks believe that it is "one woman, one donut," but I've never been one to stand on tradition.  So when I hit Friendly Donut House, I ordered up the baker's dozen and went home with a treasure trove of sugary companions.  I chose the place based on all the positive Yelp reviews and they weren't wrong.  Friendly Donut is a classic small donut shop but better--the donuts are lighter and tastier than the standard chains (looking at you DD) and the variety is amazing.  I took home the chocolate raised, the cruller, blueberry, cake with sprinkles, bear claw and a few others.  The cruller with fresh and perfectly crisp.  The blueberry was glazed and over-the-top sweet (but that's what I'm looking for).  And the chocolate raised has earned a spot on my top five donut mantle--fresh and doughy but wonderfully light with a perfect chocolate ring.And if the food wasn't brilliant enough, the atmosphere is perfect.  When I was there on a Sunday, I stood in line with folks dressed to the nines for church, gear heads talking over their modifications to their hot rods and a few teenagers in pajamas.  Friendly Donut House is a rarity in the valley--a small, family owned-business with local flavor.  I promise to love it until death do us part.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,5/4/2011,43,87,6,7,5>I love three things in life:  My mom, my bulldog and Mexican food...perhaps not even in that order (sorry mom!)  Because of this unhealthy obsession, I found myself cruising to the eastside of Vegas for the first time in ages (oh is this what Boulder Highway looks like?!?!).  Pepe's Tacos has won a number of the Review-Journal's "best of" awards over the years and I decided I need to see what the fuss was about. Well to quote my homie Bill Shakespeare "It was much adoo about nothing."  Much how I still continually wonder how Cuba Gooding Jr. has an Oscar Award, I must question what Vegas-ites were thinking when voting for Pepe's.  To be fair, Pepe's is fine.  In fact, the tacos I had were pretty tasty and the other food I'm sure is good too.  Prices were reasonable and the place is open 24 hours.  The salsa bar is also above average.  The best however?  That's a stretch as I think Roberto's is still a notch above and I'm sure there is even better out there.  Pepe's does offer some unique meat choices like cabeza and birria that one can't find at Roberto's and their taco special Tuesday thru Thursday is a great value (4 tacos and a soft drink for $6.95).  Some of the other reviews of this place seem a bit harsh as the place does it what it needs to do for being a hole in the wall Mexican taco shop.  Award worthy?  Probably not.  Lunch worthy?  Anytime...especially if my mom is paying (sorry again Mom!)
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,5/3/2011,145,129,5,7,6>i don't even know where to begin. 3 hours later i am still, happily, in a food coma. a turkey burger hangover.After Jesse B.'s review with the awesome sweet potato fries, bachi burger has been on Dan T.'s and my list to eat. We lucked out and even convinced his parents to venture out and try this place with us. Melissa was our server tonight. She was very nice and helpful. went over everything with us and even told us a little background on bachi burger. We started with some chicken karaage, oxtail chili cheese fries (complete with a fried egg on top,) and edamame. out of all three i highly recommend the chicken karaage. so crispy and tasteful. and that sauce. i don't even know what it was but i was loving it. the oxtail chili cheese fries had jalapenos all over them, but they were not spicy whatsoever. more sweet actually. they were still good and i enjoyed them.moving onto our actual meals i ordered the lonely bird burger protein style. a chicken and turkey patty combined? I'll take it! the pesto sauce on it was quite lovely and i won't deny that i wiped that little saucer clean of it. i tried a bite of Dan's cheeseburger with bacon and was quite pleased but i will stick with my lonely bird personally. we all shared sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries. my choice was to order the truffle parmesan and i wasn't TOO impressed with them for the mere fact that about only 6 or 7 fries actually had the truffle sauce on them. all the others were pretty basic but still good to dip in the sun dried tomato sauce. I'd go for the sweet potato fries over those. the sweet potato's were crispy and packed with sweet potato flavor. i didn't feel the need to dip those in any of the fancy sauces.needless to say, after all that yummy food we were all too stuffed to order dessert. I will be back though to try some of those little donuts with some ice cream and maybe sneak in a coffee. I was pleased. thank you bachi burger for filling my little stomach and putting me in this food coma.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,5/2/2011,227,166,7,12,8>The food is good here, but the customer service is phenomenal! Yes, I said phenomenal. The guy who took our order and served us our food was super attentive, funny, and an overall awesome person! My friend's car died because she left her headlights on and he jumped her car for her! :) That's customer service baby! :POn to the food... I ordered the baked chicken strips and tasted the fried chicken strips. The winner is FRIED CHICKEN! Doesn't it always win? The mac & cheese is creamy just the way I like. They had many sauces to choose from, but I'm not a sauce person so I just chose whatever.Note: This place isn't big at all and the seating is limited to about 20 people total. I will be back... I wish they had a drive-thru!
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2011,5/1/2011,88,240,7,11,9>After reading about the wait most people have at Babycakes Cafe I decided to give another breakfast place a try (I'll try Babycakes one day...). So I Yelped a spot and was instantly intrigued by Rise and Shine. It was the location-not far from where I live- and those darn cute flower umbrellas that they have hanging from their ceiling.It was busy but with a ten minute wait on a Sunday Morning I'm not complaining....The flower umbrellas were so cute and everytime the door opened the air spinned some of them around-Whimsical I tell ya!!!Anyways, I did also enjoy all the mosaics on the walls as well-Artsie!!!The food= An option for bread is a cinnamon bread baked in a flower pot with a knife stabbed in the top served with butter and strawberry jam. Let me tell ya one is not enough- It was so good but I wish those flower pots were fatter for more darn warm yummy bread. Cute idea though...I loved reading that the Chicken in the Chicken and Waffles was a chicken breast-YAY!!!!!! So I picked that and it was really good. The breading was pretty tasty and spicy as well and the chicken breast was pounded flat so you got a pretty big piece. My daughter got a short stack of pancakes-So fluffy and good too...Now on to the grumpy BF who already was having attitude-He got eggs,hash browns and bacon-He was not impressed and hated his bacon-Oh well, so sad....I tried his food and it was fine he is just too particular about his bacon but like I told him thats why you have a voice use it and request what you like!!!I will be back and the BF can wait in the car....
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,4/30/2011,205,232,6,7,7>Aright so I moved to Vegas recently, but so far this is one of my favorite places to eat.  I came here for lunch yesterday with My T. and Thao T. and I have to say it was pretty dang awesome.  I haven't had lunch yet, so I'm getting hungry just thinking about it.Aright, I'm going to give you the low down.  The portions are big here, so I would suggest you go with a couple people, and you guys all try each others' stuff.  These are the 3 things we got, and I'll probably get them again.  1.  Korean Chicken - I have had wings like this once before in my life, and it was called Dry Fried Chicken at a restaurant in San Francisco called San Tung, and they are legit.  I wouldn't make a meal out of this, that's why I'm saying share.  Juiciest wings ever, and that Korean sauce is wicked2.  Kalbi Short Ribs- Again, it's a lot of food, so most people would die if they had this whole plate.  They are so tender, you can pull them off the bone.  I want it now.3.  Baby Back Ribs (can't find on menu for some reason, maybe new item) - My least favorite, but fantastic in the least.  It just doesn't compare to the top 2 items I mentioned.  Owner served us, he's a great guy.  So humble, very chill vibe in the place.  You can tell it's really Hawaiian.  I will come back.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,4/29/2011,292,759,2,12,10>We came here for a coworker's birthday lunch. I do think the strip could use more places like this - moderately priced, fun atmosphere, open for lunch, etc. It seems we have too many things on the uber-high end (and only open for dinner) or uber-low end (food courts, fast food, cafes). The space was great and the views of the strip are killer! I loved our booth right by the window overlooking the pirate disaster at TI. Service was just OK (he forgot to bring our soup and was slow in general), but unfortunately I've found mediocre service is becoming the norm on the strip..I was disappointed by how tiny the lunch menu was. Maybe 10 choices or so? Pretty slim pickings. The drink menu had 50 things, the food menu had just a few - what's up with that? Annoying when you're at a work lunch and not drinking! Prices were high-ish ($15-$20 on average) for the type of food it is, but it's on the strip in a swanky hotel so whatever, that's just part of it. 2 of us shared the pulled pork quesadillas and turkey club sandwich, and 2 others got the fish and chips. The turkey club sandwich DID taste just like the ones I ate at the country club growing up - but for $15 with no sides, I would have liked some primo ingredients (avocado or even cheese!). The pulled pork quesadilla was pretty awesome. It looked like a sushi roll with beautiful avocado layered on top, but it had that nice grilled crunch of a quesadilla. Unique, flavorful, and delicious. My coworkers seemed to really enjoy their fish and chips. For dessert we had chocolate creme brulee with toasted marshmallow on top. This was freaking awesome. Something different, well executed, and fun. Overall a nice change of pace from the high end stuff on the strip and the food court crap. It's pricier than what you'd expect to pay at this sort of place, but for the most part the quality and portion size is there and the atmosphere and strip views can't be beat.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,4/28/2011,379,224,9,12,9>When I crave for pizza, I Crave for Pizza!! At first, I was thinking delivery from one of the chain pizzas or a mom & pop spot in my  area. I wanted to try somewhere new and I didn't want Chicago or NY style pizza (not that I don't like these types).. I thought Sammy's woodfired, CPK.. but they served the usual americanized pies and I've been there and done that as well. So, after doing some research here on Yelp, I found this place and it was Exactly what I was looking for!I ordered 2 PIzzas1. Settebello: crushed tomatoes, pancetta, wood oven roasted fennel sausage, roasted mushrooms, toasted pine nuts, mozzarella, basil, extra virgin olive oil- I had to order this since they named it after the restaurant! Besides, the toppings sounded more than satisfying. It was Absolutely Divine! Everything from the dough, sauce and toppings were of high quality and was created with such harmony! Pine nuts.. Yeah, they were a nice touch. The only thing is that most of the toppings were placed towards the center and one of the slices didn't have much cheese on it.2. Carbonara: crushed tomatoes, pancetta, egg, fresh mozzarella, basil, parmegiano-reggiano, extra virgin olive oil- I loved the simplicity of the toppings and the addition of an egg. Now, it may not sound like much was put into this pie but they didn't have to put much at all. Due to their superb ingredients/toppings, a little went a long way! I engulfed this 'individual' sized dish in record time! Dessert:Tiramisu: Silky smooth! One of the creamiest and masterly balanced flavors that was subtle yet soooo luscious!! * Not only are Most of their ingredients imported from Italy, Even their Freakin' Oven is Italian!! You won't find a conveyor belt or deck oven here! * Just a note, they do not have Pepperoni!Authentic, Gourmet Pizza with High Standard ingredients and True Italian baking! This place was a Real Treat!! But the sametime not a place I would often go to fulfill my pizza cravings.. I won't be filled with 1 pizza alone as their toppings were lacking but not because they were cheap but because that's their style and thats the proper way of serving their type of pizza. Not to take anything away from this fabulous place but I may just be accustomed more towards the mainstream pies!
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,4/27/2011,213,80,10,14,10>Absolutely love this place! I've been coming this place for many years and I've never been disappointed. I've been a good customer since early 2000. Back then, there was not a single Korean Bakery in town. Whenever, I had a chance to go to California, I almost spent at least $40-50 on bakeries at Korean Bakery in K-town, L.A. -.-;;; Yes, I had an obsession with Korean bakeries... On all my friends or coworkers birthday's, we were buying cakes either at American or Chinese pastries... I am not saying that they are not as good as Korean bakeries but I just wanted to introduce some other taste of cakes out there to people that I know :) One day, I was invited to one of my friend's housewarming party. I stopped by at Crown Bakery and got a cake(it's called, "Saeng Cream Cake" which is commonly translated as "Fresh Cream cake") It is basically a layers of sponge cakes with very light texture cream icing and topped with assorted fresh fruits. It gives the whipped cream a deep, sensual flavor without the overpowering richness of a cream. Elegant, light, not overly sweet! I don't have to remove the cream icing part on the cake. All my ladies enjoyed the cake at the party!! My suggestions would be..... 1)Fresh Cream Cake 2)Buns filled with fresh cream, red bean, peanut butter cream, or custard cream 3)They sell fresh toast bread! Very soft! 4) Black Sesame Tapioca Mochi Roll-One of my favorite!!! Good pairing with cream cheese if you have one at home :) Very Chewyy, Mochi-Mochi~~ 5)Croquettes-filled with potato salad(cucumber, eggs, cabbage, mayo) & hot dogs. Sometimes, I eat as a snack at work :P 6) Almond Crisp-Very dangerous.. I can't stop one after another~ 7)Shaved Ice(pls, try either Grean Tea or Fruits) The variety is wonderful! I suggest you go to Crown Bakery and buy something for yourself or if not just give it a try :P By the way, does anyone know where I can try a Blueberry Yogurt Cake in town?? I want it so badly :(
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,4/26/2011,151,137,7,9,9>I have always wanted to get a straight razor shave, I have just never found the reason. I put it on the 30 for 30 list knowing there is no shortage of places in Vegas to get it done, but when I saw the Groupon I knew this was an offer too good to pass up.I walked into the shop a little nervous, I was going to trust a total stranger to take a straight razor to my throat. But after meeting the guys, I was put at ease. The staff very professional and the shop was nice. There was a flatscreen TV showing the baseball game, a few barber stations, some comfy chairs in the waiting area, and Frank and Dean playing on the stereo, what's not to love.I got there right in time for my appointment and was seated in my chair right away. I have gotten my share of haircuts in my day and usually it's just hop up, snip snip snip, and you're on your way. That however is not the case at Elliott and Co, first we talked about what I wanted for a hair cut, then it he cut for a good 20 mins taking his time to make sure everything was done correctly. They tapered the back of my neck (usually it's just rounded off, but the taper looks great). Then it was time for a wash, shampoo, and conditioner treatment.After the cut and wash it was time for the shave. As I stated I've never had a straight razor shave and I was a little nervous, but once it started I wondered why I waited so long to get one. It started off with a hot towel treatment. Then the a few a hot lather (I really need to get one of those machines so amazing). Then like a surgeon he took the razor to my face. I will admit it feels a little weird, and you can hear the whiskers as they get cut. It took a little longer than I expected, but they shaved both with and against the grain. After the shave, there was a mask was applied (also a first for me). The mask came off, there was a cold towel treatment followed by a few oils.After the shave, they took the time to clean up all the edges of my haircut with the straight razor, and even took care of my pesky unibrow.I forgot my phone at home so I have no before and after photos, but let's just say my hair is the shortest it's been in years (and it actually looks decent), and my face is smoother than it's been since my first pimple broke out.All in all the entire process took around an hour and a half, and I have to say it's an experience I'll never forget. Many thanks to the guys at Elliott & Co as well as Groupon for helping me scratch one of my list. I will without a doubt be back!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,4/25/2011,606,96,4,9,12>We ( My date and I ) checked out this newly opened Taiwanese Deli place that's next to Lelysee Bakery and near 168 Market.Reminds me of Tea Planet without the booth seats and colorful interior. They have some snacks and health products for sale that you can browse through if you like..They have a self serve utensils and water dispenser if you need an extra bowl or cup to share food or just to drink plain water.We ordered the Chrysanthemum Tea, which was delightfully refreshing to taste. I could drink 10 of these if there were refills.. but that's just wishful thinking. This is my all time summer drink to cool my body when I feel like I'm about to experience heat exhaustion... it works instantly and you literally feel relieved.. even to say... Aaaaaaaaaaah!!For dinner, we ordered two most popular Taiwanese dishes:Spicy Beef Noodle (Soup) - Surprised it wasn't overpowering with the spices that I thought it would have. It was actually just right in giving it a kick each time you took a sip. I actually really enjoyed this broth. I loved the noodles! It had a great texture as if it was homemade. Thicker than fettuccine noodles, but thinner width-wise. It was like udon noodles texture, but half its size... absolutely enjoyed every bite. The beef was like stew meat that is cooked for many hours... unfortunately I had to minus a star for the fact that some of the chunks of meat ( the ends/corners of it ) were quite tough to chew upon. And for that reason, I couldn't even eat the remainder of the beef chunks, but I did finish all the noodles, sliced green cabbage, and some kind of pickled shredded mustard green.Rice with Pork Chop - It also came with a boiled egg, steam greens, and ground pork. The coating is somewhat similar to katsu style, but this batter they dip the pork chop into and deep fry is on point! It had a light, airy crispy crunch on the outside.. which was my favorite!!! * My eyes lit up like Christmas lights in full blast from biting into a piece. Very tasty and satisfied all my taste buds. Even the meat was tender and juicy.  Bravo!! Bravooooo!!! I definitely recommend this dish if you love meat and deep fried food. It really hits the spot indefinitely :)They also open at 7a.m.- 11:30a.m. for breakfast, which I heard was incredibly cheap, but good. Service was quick, but not much smiles... At least my tummy was smiling and it put me in a great mood. Hey I'm an emotional eater... What? *Ladeedadee skipping away.....
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,4/24/2011,157,342,5,9,7>Super Star Tanning is my favorite tanning salon ever! My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this gem in our travels around the southwest side of town.  We recently moved and felt the summer need of a nice tan and what did we find; Super Star Tanning.  The owners Kevin and Shannon are very down to earth, genuine people..... The have a love and passion for not only their business, but their family and city they live in.  I personally love Las Vegas, it's my home and although it has flaws; every city does!  I love meeting people who have an open mind and heart to what Vegas brings.  The Flemings' certainly do and it shows in the cleanliness and overall satisfaction customers' like myself have choosing their business.I honestly couldn't recommend a better place in Vegas to get a tan!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,4/23/2011,64,304,11,10,6>The cupcake sale they're starting will be a real hit once all the kinks are worked out.Location is a bit hard to find but will improve in the future as signs are posted up and word of mouth spreads.ON TO THE INDIVIDUALLY FROSTED CAKES!!!Overall the cakes are perfect in balance not too dry not too moist and not too sweet. To my own personal taste the frosting is a bit too sweet but not enough to spike my insulin levels to danger zones. I would have commented to Lacia about this but realized that on a whole actual cake there's more cake the frosting where as on a cupcake there's less surface area to put the frosting so it has to be piled on high. ahhh i see what you did there...Regardless they're still awesome.The coconut was just absolutely amazing, the Red Velvet totally divine and the Butter Vanilla. If all regular white vanilla cupcakes tasted like the butter vanilla there'd be 75% less crime on the streets...and the other 25% be a mob searching for who ever ate the last one.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,4/22/2011,664,612,7,12,9>Vegetarians rejoice! ...and Middle Eastern food fanatics!  This place is great!  I had long been craving sabich (ch pronounced like a hard hhhhhh, other transliterations use sabikh with a K) since the Israeli joint on Fort Apache and Sahara closed down over 3 years ago.  A little birdie told me Amena had sabich, so on a trek from UNLV to Centennial Hills, I stopped here for lunch.Fresh-made pita daily, this place smells good and has a wide variety of menu items including sandwiches with schawarma, falafel, lamb to veggie pies, hummus, lebneh, etc.  I stood in line and looked frantically for sabich on the menu, but it was not there.  However, the staff resassured me that it is available, "off-the-menu."Sabich is essentially a pita stuffed with eggplant, hard boiled egg, and amba (a sour mango spread).  Amena serves it with hummus instead of amba, and then allows you to stuff it with all of the healthy fixins': red cabbage, green cabbage, diced onions with a tomato paste similar to harissa with a hint of spice, cucumber, sliced onions, and pickles.  It was a MOUTHFUL!  The staff set s'chug (hot pepper paste) and tahini bottles on the table.  I also got a Mexican coke to drink.  The sandwich was overfull of deliciousness, endless flavors, crunchy fresh veggies, soft pillowly fresh pita, a variety of beautiful colors, hot and soft eggplant and eggs....drool!  Eating this...probably seemed like food porn to the rowdy group of Israeli guys at the table next to me, chattering away in Hebrew.  I am so coming back here and dragging Eric R. who loves middle eastern food and fresh pita!!!  And for all of the curious readers out there, the word for tasty in Hebrew is "ta-im!"
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,4/21/2011,227,94,6,14,11>I've been wanting to try Ronald's Donuts for a few months now after reading all the glowing Yelp reviews, and I finally had the chance to last week when I happened to be in Chinatown in the wee hours of the early morn before meeting some friends at Starbucks. What goes better with coffee? Well, donuts of course. Sadly, I rarely eat donuts for breakfast. Something about deep fried pieces of dough covered in sugar, sugar, and even more sugar (glazed, powdered, cinnamon sugar, etc) for breakfast seems so unhealthy. But, occasionally, I like to indulge my sweet tooth in these pillows of goodness. After looking over the display of donut selections, I ordered one sugar donut. Nothing fancy, just a plain donut covered all over with white sugar. The very friendly woman packed my donut in a little paper bag, and I left to go to Starbucks. Originally, I planned to eat my donut with iced coffee, but I made the mistake of trying a little piece in the car. When I arrived at Starbucks, only half remained of my sugar donut, leading me (but not my tummy) to regret only buying one donut. The donut itself was very good. Much more soft and fluffy than the dense, sometimes stale supermarket donuts, less sweet than the sugary morsels at Krispy Kreme, and definitely tastier than Dunkin Donuts and other donut chains. Ronald's sugar donut was one of the best sugar donuts I've eaten (my favorite sugar donut being from a bakery in Korea). Crispy on the outside thanks to the sugar and freshness of the donut while being soft and light in the inside. The best thing about this donut was it wasn't too sweet, which was perfect for me. Also, these donuts are vegan, which somehow makes these donuts more healthy than the regular donut (or at least I'd like to believe that). Whenever I'm in the mood for donuts and I happen to be in that area at the right time of the day, I'll stop by Ronald's Donuts to try another one of their highly-rated donuts.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,4/20/2011,446,223,3,8,8>Today's lunch choice was Rachel's Kitchen and let me say... It was like eating a Julia Childs meal without all the butter and well without anything like Julia Childs would make.... It was awesome and healthy.We have decided at work to order nothing but good foods for now on and the first choice was Rachels Kitchen. I Personally had the "440" This amazing mound of goodness has the following ingredients:Grilled Chicken Breast Goat CheeseAvocadoRoasted Red Peppers Roasted TomatoesRomain Lettuce. On a crispy chibatta roll with a fresh salad with a balsamic vinaigretteAs you can see, No mayo or any sauces but between the goat cheese and avocado you do not need it. For those of you that know me, I am not a huge sandwich person and this was one heck of a sandwich. I would invite ole Rachel into my place any day to come whip up one of these bad boys!!Another plus was that the entire order was made to perfection No mistakes and not just sloppily through in boxes like some other places we order from. Knowing that this is the first time we have ventured into our new healthy options folder, I think Rachels will be a consistent part of our lunch schedule especially since the menu seems to offer tons of healthy alternatives to a Double Double heart stopper or a quick Cardiac quesadilla!!!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2010,4/19/2011,515,99,11,14,12>My GOAL here, is to have you start drooling all-the-way to the front door entrance to this Korean BBQ joint.  You'll be crazy not to just go for it all & do the all-you-can-eat menu!All-you-can-eat @ $13.99 11pm-5am & $16.99 10am-11pmThis place is located near China Town on Spring Mountain. From the outside it looked dull and unattractive for customers just to walk in for the first time. So this place seems like it's making it by word of mouth (yelp!)Hmm.., sit down, get your glass of water, order the type of meats you want to cook on the built-in grill on counter top table, then....-Get a bowl of some bomb *** Asian salad (simply just shredded lettuce and flavorful Asian infused dressing)-Kimchee (just for kicks)-Olive oil w/salt & pepper dipping sauce (fancy huh?)-Pickled radish mini slices of cucumbers "daikon" (sweet taste)-Fish bread roti like mini pieces (I don't think it was fish bread, but that's what I remember hearing)-Ask for peanut sauce & special hot sauce they can provide... (we asked the server what the peanut sauce was called, & she just handed it to us, smiled, & nod her head yes, lol)For 4 people, we ordered:1 plate of brisket thin slices, 1 plate of ribeye thick slices, 2 slices of thick cut bacon (belly fat), & 1 plate of short ribs, (we order a bit more after thehehe)I also recommend the steam eggs, just cause you can mix it up w/ your bowl of rice like the taste of fried rice ;DNow that's a mouth full!!!On the other hand, service needs to improve please... Otherwise I would have given this place a 5 star rating...
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,4/18/2011,234,139,7,11,10>Every time my sister comes to visit, we hit up a AYCE sushi joint. Last monday, this was the spot. It was $26.95 which comes w/bud light and the house sake for 60 mins. Here is what we had:3 buds and 2 large sakesspicy tuna hand roll w/masago and a quail egg (me only)2 orders of ahi poke1 order of raw tofu2 orders of salmon and 2 orders hamachi2 orders of amaebi w/deep fried heads1/2 of a roll that i forget the name1 sake shooter (me only)2 baked scallops1 salmon collar1 order of the cajun albacore and 1 order of tako1/2 roll of new york girl in vegas1 green tea ice cream1 pink colored ice cream which i forget the flavorThe food was very good. The fish was fresh. Our sushi chef was the older japanese man. He was great. The waitresses were nice. The place was clean. I'll probably come by myself next time I'm craving sushi when my sister isn't in town. We came here for an early dinner so I was disappointed that I wasn't able to eat more. Great AYCE spot hidden in North Las Vegas.My sister's one complaint was that the bar stools were too low. Yeah they were a little low.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,4/17/2011,161,172,7,9,10>Wow...  Like seriously, wow.  My buddy and i came back early from Brian Head today due to windy conditions and ended up here since it was closer to his new home.   I came in expecting a 4, but we end up with an easy 5star experience.  The portion of rice to fish ratio was unbelievably excellent.  The vinegar in the rice was spot on perfect.  ALL the fishes were extremely fresh and the best part is that we didn't even have to bribe the sushi chef any with Saki.  They all came like this!-Halibut-Albacore-Yellowtail-Tuna-Garlic Tuna-Salmon-White Tuna-Salmon Skin Hand Roll -Spicy Yellowtail w/ Avocado Nigiri - Big chunks of Hamachi-Saltwater Eel-MackerelWe didn't order and cut rolls, but from the looks of other patron's orders they look nicely well made and prob taste 'dericious' as well too!  We also ordered Hamachi Kama in the beginning of our meal and it came toward the end.  The pic says it all yelp.com/biz_photos/7vHv I mean look at the size of the thing! I've been turned off from AYCE sushi joints mainly because the downhill route most establishment are undertaking, but relief to see that Blue Fin still kept it real after all this time.  As far as the drive is, i think i will come here now for all my maximum sushi stuffing face time*Note*  I'm also pleased to announce that i converted my buddy who was a Yama fan to Blue Fin :X
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,4/16/2011,172,155,2,12,5>Thai Grill and I have a long history.  Starting nearly five years ago, I started eating authentic Bangkok-style Thai food here on a weekly basis.  Some of you might remember Pock and his family's unique, gourmet Thai food during that time.  About a year ago, ownership changed, and the food changed... starting the beginning of this year there is yet a new owner with new recipes, especially Northern and Southern Thailand recipes.  Here is my updated review for Thai Grill over several visits.Pad See Ew - Fresh Chinese broccoli, fairly well prepared chicken.  The sauce is a little heavier than it used to be, and slight bit sweeter.  However, it is still a good version of this classic Thai dish.  I would say that it compares to the style of Pad See Ew at Kung Fu.Pineapple Fried Rice ($9.99) - Very well done.  Lighter, and a little less flavorful than the old Thai Grill fried rice, but not greasy at all.  They started using fresh pineapples again, which gives the dish the properly fruity-sweet flavor that it is supposed to have.  I enjoyed it.Kang-Pa, Jungle Curry ($8.99) - A Northern Thai spicy fish sauce curry soup (no coconut) with bamboo, various peppers, galanga, choice of meat, and a whole lot of taste.  This is a very authentic curry, and I loved how th curry flavor mixed with the fish sauce.  I haven't had a lot of Northern Thai dishes, but this was definitely much nicer than the Northern Red Curry at LoS.  I wouldn't recommend this for folks who aren't adventurous, but if you are then this is a great dish to try.Hung-Ley ($8.99) - This is a pork base with a homemade curry (not coconut curry) type sauce on it.  The pork was cooked similar to pot roast.  It was extremely tender, and expertly prepared.  The taste over rice was amazingly great.  I highly recommend trying this one.Duck Noodles (10.99) - This came with a regular egg noodle, duck, Chinese broccoli, and various herbs.  The broth reminded me of pho, and wasn't spicy at all.  I added some chili powder to spice it up, and it probably could have also benefited from the sour sauce in hind sight.  The duck was well prepared.  Overall I would order this again for people who aren't into the stronger tasting Thai dishes.Nam-Tod (8.99) - This is a deep fried pork dish over a vinegary sauce and light salad.  The fried pork was flaky and simply amazing.  I am not a huge fan of fried foods, but the way the pork was prepared was simply amazing.  If you like to explore, try this one out.  The vinegar sauce was not overpowering, and was well balanced (unlike most vinegar sauces at Thai restaurants).  You can tell that the cook knows how to balance flavors properly.Red Curry w/Beef ($7.99) - So far my only real disappointment, if you could call it that, but it wasn't that bad compared to most Thai restaurants in Vegas.  This is the first coconut based curry I have had here.  It had a light, but unique flavor.  It definitely could have used more umph to it though.  the server promised that the curry can be made spicier for us next time.  With some chili powder though, it was still a good curry.Khao Soi ($7.99) - YUM!  This has fresh, yummy noodles, and a well balanced yellow curry.  I loved their version of the dish.  It comes in a huge bowl, so it is bound to fill you up.  The best part about this dish is the yellow curry, which is rich and flavorful (not sweet).  Desserts - the Fried banana and sweet sticky rice are perfect.  I've only had "better" fried banana at TSNH, but even that is a toss up... these were very lightly fried, which made them easier on the stomach than TSNH.  The sweet sticky rice (with or without mango depending on the season), is again expertly prepared.  The sweet coconut based sauce saturates the rice, making it very sweet (not candy sweet though), but somehow doesn't make the rice soggy.  You've got to try this one if you are a fan of this classic Thai dessert.Final thoughts: the new cook, Natta, knows how to balance Thai food, and at the same time keep it strong and unique.  The food is about as authentic as it gets.  The menu is absolutely huge, featuring different regions of Thailand; you are bound to find a dish that you have never heard of/tried before.  I will definitely return on a regular basis!UPDATE/WARNING: In my opinion, Thai Grill has two modes: Slightly Americanized, and Authentic.  The Americanized versions aren't bad at all.  The main thing is that the base recipes are well done.  Some people might not like the added sugar/toned down Thai flavors of the Americanized versions.  If you are one of those people, be sure to tell your server to make the authentic, strong stuff!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,4/15/2011,432,184,9,13,10>The Bikini Bar is freakin great! The bartenders were super friendly and drink prices are reasonable-$5 for Red Bull/vodkas! I love places where I can throw on a hoodie and some chucks and just kick it with my friends and not have to dress to impress. Super chill spot with all kinds of music playing and just a good vibe. I dig it. Plus they are going to be a new spot for local bands and Monday Night Football!!!! I will definitely be back again and again.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,4/13/2011,212,67,6,7,5>We passed this spot many many times & never stopped. One of our friends mentioned the pumpkin bread is awesome so we decided to stop for brunch. Can I just say that we are a bunch of IDIOTS for passing this place up.*on our knees* "We humbly apologize Omelet House, please forgive us for our breakfast snobby-ish attitude."Lets  start with the exterior. Its very 1970-ish and its in between a storage property and a McD's right on Boulder Hwy. They have a huge yellow Omelet House sign towering over the bldg with another sign in the front that says "the home of the 3 lb burger." The interior decor was like a country diner, nothing fancy.It was pretty empty @ 11:30am (we aren't complaining) there were a couple families and a bunch of metro police officers. I believe that policemen know all the good eats around town and they were coming in and out of Omelete house...a good very good sign. The service was excellent. We got greeted and got our drinks...double quick. Our waitress Gina was very friendly and kept our drinks filled. She took our order and our food came out pretty quick. They have a wide range of menu items. We ordered the:-Homemade corned beef hash, potato fries, eggs up. The potato fries are different and addicting. Hash was ONO- it had more corned beef than potatoes ...my kind of hash.-Philly cheese chicken sandwich w sauteed mushroom & onions. My wife loved the taste of it but said she'll ask for light cheese.-We had to order a pancake just to try it, since they did sell a single pancake for $2.39. I like it like that- sometimes its a waste of money to order a short stack. Pancake was nice and fluffy, perfect golden brown.-We also ordered both  of the pumpkin and banana nut bread...they were both very good. I give the nod to the pumpkin bread.They also have the 3 lb burger challenge or a 12 egg omelette (we'll leave the challenges to Chestnut & Kobayashi).This is one of those joints that you don't judge a book by its a cover. They are only opened from 6am to 3pm, so don't delay...plan your next breakfast here and you won't be disappointed. if you aren't happy with their food...then you can pleasure your simple palette right next door at those golden arches. Aloha!!!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,4/12/2011,563,825,10,13,11>Totally worth $10! I'm not saying it's not worth $15 (before 6pm) or $20 (after 6pm). But with our $10 Groupons, it was a steal. I'm not sure if the experience is enhanced by the lights of the Fremont Street canopy. If I didn't have a Groupon, I'd definitely try to go before 6pm.The zip down Fremont Street is nice and relaxing. I would never say this is an adrenaline rush, but then again, I didn't get nervous about skydiving for the first time last year. If you have a fear of heights, you might find it intimidating.I ended up buying a few of the photos they take of you both on and off the ride. Just a word of warning: the photo quality is much better on their screen than in the print. They must have crappy printers or something. In this case, the "they" is Cashman Photo, so I can't fault Fremont Street Flightlines for this.p.s. I find it amazing that girls ride this thing in skirts and dresses. But honestly, who's complaining?
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,4/10/2011,693,1125,5,16,9>We have been here more times I care to admit. We have tried most of the flavors so I thought it might be useful to have a running list of the cupcakes and what I thought. I can only do an update so many times saying I'm here yet again and that Keri and Brian's place is awesome. AVAILABLE EVERYDAY*RED CARPET a classic done better! I love me some creamcheese frosting, but seriously, the almond sets it off right. *HOP SCOTCH another classic stepped up. Plain vanilla on vanilla is boring to me. Also, I was that kid who got the butterscotch magic shell and kept making shells until the ice cream melted. I loves me butterscotch topping. *APPLE CIDER It's kinda like a "breakfast" cupcake to me. It reminds me of having a apple struesel. *MILK& COOKIES  I don't even like chocolate chip cookies much, but this was pretty good. It's good for people who like chcolate but can't do chocolate on chocolate.*COFFEE&DOUGHNUTS It's a bit sweet to me with the glaze, but it's good.*PEANUT BUTTER CUP  I don't do chocolate often but I love the combo of it with peanut butter. Theirs isn't too sweet so it's not overwhelming, but it is rich. *PINK LEMONADE I do not like lemon cake so it's hard for me to judge this. I do appreciate this one though since it's not that fake lemon taste that made me dislike lemon desserts in the first place but it's too lemon for me* PUCKER UP I like this compared to the pink lemonade since the raspberry breaks the lemon. This was a lemon treat I can get into....in a small dosage, like biting my BFs cupcake. *MAPLE BACON I love bacon. I'm sorry Jews. It's not bacon-y that some people might think. It's more like having a maple flavor that has a slight salty element similar to salt water taffy.*DRUMSTICK If you don't like butterscotch- here's the chcolate version. The nuts are okay, but I probably would like this without....that defeats the purpose of a drumstick though.*COOKIES&CREAM  Tis okay but nothing beats the actual cookie to me....or a shake. FLAVOR OF THE DAY*BROWNIE SUNDAE  Good idea, but the one I had was the last one and it was a bit dry. I should maybe try another one. I left this one in my fridge so it might be different fresh.*BLUEBERRY PANCAKE it's another "breakfast" cupcake. Actually not too sweet, the berries were abundant in mine too! SEASONAL*SALTED CARAMEL CRUNCH This is probably one of my favorite cupcake flavors. Unfortunately, it's seasonal, but so glad it's been brought back again! I was sad the first time around. I like salty/sweet profiles and caramel. CHOCOLATE BANANAThis was okay. Good in concept, but I think I just don't like banana sweets aside from a banana cake and whole bananas. *SPICY PUMPKINI thought it was a good cupcake. It had a lot moister, softer consistency than some of the other cupcakes and the cream was really creamy on this one. The thing is, it is more spice than sweet so I don't think it's for everyone. I know Elnino F. didn't like it as much as I did. The BF and I are fans of Dutch spice cake (Spekkoek) and it reminds me of that. CHOCOLATE ORANGE  Pretty delish! Orange and chocolate is no fail. The cake was more airy than usual though.BLACKBIRDUnfortunately, it was spoiled. It had fresh blackberries in it, and it just went wonky within the few days.. I only had it in the fridge like a day though....bought Monday, tried to eat Weds. DISCONTINUED? SEASONAL? These I thought were on the Daily Flavors, but aren't anywhere to be seen now.*PB&J (Vanilla cake injected with strawberry jelly with peanut butter buttercream) Good, but I prefer the peanut butter cup....It's the jelly for me- me no likes.*CREAMSICKLE (orange cake with vanilla and orange swirl buttercream) The BF and I actually really liked this. Again orange cake isn't normally something I'm a fan of, but this was good.*TOFFEE BREAK (chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream and crushed Heath bars) decentAlso a little FYI that for VEGANS-you can special request VEGAN versions of Chocolate Loves Vanilla Bean and also Crunchy Peanut Butter Cup with a vegan butter cream.COOKIESBig cookies and they're $1 only. CINNAMON SUGAR- snickerdoodle on crack. It's sweeter than a usual snickerdoodle because it has cinnamon buttercream on it but it's noms. I always get these.CHOCOLATE CHIP- pretty good. Definitely one of the better ones I've had.ULTIMATE CHIP (cookie with chocolate chip, white chocolate, peanut butter and butterscotch chips) I like this a lot but I see it's not for everyone. If you're more into the cookie and less chips, this is practically all chips. It's like eating a chocolate bar, with cookie dough holding it together. This is made on Saturdays only I believe. It'll be continued so long as there's a Retro Bakery!
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,4/9/2011,92,193,8,22,11>Definitely 5 stars. My review here is of the vegan menu at Sinatra. However, I should note that many dishes on the vegan menu are also found on the regular menu with slight alterations so I'm assuming taste and quality wise, we're all on the same page. When Chef Theo Schoenegger was given the task of creating a vegan menu, he didn't choose to treat that as a chore and create a menu chock full of salads and dishes a 2 year old could whip up. He obviously rose to the challenge and created a passionate menu with hearty vegan dishes. As a vegetarian, I avoid vegan entrees at Italian restaurants as I'm not a fan of vegan cheese and cream-less soups/pastas. Sinatra really wowed me with what they created within these boundaries. The vegan menu here is astonishing. There are 3 starters (a Caesar salad, a beet salad and a butternut squash soup). 2 pasta dishes and 3 main courses and 3 desserts. Some dishes use Gardein protein. We ordered the soup to share. A smooth, creamy (?) soup with a kick in it. Marinating in the soup were vegan ricotta cheese dumplings. Neither me nor my husband are fans of butternut squash but this soup hit the ball out of the park. For our second course (yes we did the Italian thing and had pasta and a main), we each ordered a pasta dish. My husband ordered the vegan ricotta cheese dumplings in an asparagus cream sauce. Divine. I didn't even realize the cheese was vegan. The asparagus cream sauce was light yet robust in flavors and when scooped up with the dumpling, it was the perfect explosion in my mouth. I ordered the Pennette. This is also on the regular menu. Tomato sauce and penne mixed with sweet peppers onions and Gardien Sausage. Yes....talk about comfort in a bowl. The generous helping was delicious and was definitely what I expected (if not better!). For our main, we shared a "Chicken" Marsala. A Gardein chicken breast that was baked and spiced was the main attraction on the plate. On top of it was a creamy, woody, mushroom (oyster) sauce that covered the chicken. Surrounding the "chicken" were billowy gnocchi that were smooth, simple and complemented the bold flavors of the sauce and chicken. Considering I've never had the opportunity to have a Marsala sauce since it's usually served with chicken, I take this first taste as being an exquisite experience. For the finale to the meal, we shared a Campari and citrus sorbet. Presented beautifully, it was a light ending to a perfect meal.I don't really have to elaborate much about the ambiance and the service. This is the Encore and there was perfection executed all over. My favorite Italian experience thus far, has been at Aranciata Blu in Rome. Sinatra came so close to that experience that it was scary. I never thought I could enjoy such an ethereal experience just 20 minutes away from home.  Vegan, vegetarian, carnivore, omnivore or whatever palate you have, Sinatra is a well worth-it experience. Oh, and the wine list here is also very impressive. Sinatra...keep yourself Just The Way You Are....
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,4/8/2011,223,135,7,12,10>LOVE THIS SHOW! I was kind of concerned that I would get bored, I mean, really, how much dancing can you watch before you get bored. But I have to tell you, this show was awesome. I could not even believe that an hour and a half had passed when the show was over.The music was awesome and the dancing was amazing. The guys can move! SO TALENTED! I loved how much time they spent actively participating and engaging with the audience. They really where a funny bunch.PLUS - the music was awesome. Everything from MC Hammer to MJ. I may or may not have been wiggling in my seat the entire time. Overall a very good show and worth  going to. Jabbawockeez can Jabba"rockme" anytime!
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,4/7/2011,378,248,2,4,5>Yep, I still love DW Bistro.  It reminds me of some great neighborhood spots in LA, something Las Vegas is lacking on big time.This time around I had the Jamaican Chicken Curry soup.  This is a seriously delicious soup.  The dynamic and complex flavor profile was developing with every spoonful.  The soup is a coconut milk based soup rich with yellow curry, green chilis, jalapeno bacon, Chicken, and Shallots.  It packs a subtle yet substantial heat without overwhelming the other flavors. The Jamaican Chicken Curry Soup is wholesome and loving.  It feels like you're a little kid again, and your mom is wrapping you up in a  blanket fresh out of the dryer.  Feel the love!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,4/6/2011,102,426,1,15,13>I'm stoked that my 100th review will be for such a great restaurant!I have been wanting to try Raku ever since I heard about it. The first couple times we tried to go, we called that day and they were booked until way past my bedtime. So we decided to plan ahead and made reservations a couple of weeks in advance. I wanted to make sure and try the best items so when we made our reservations, I requested the $75 omakase dinner. For our first course we had the sashimi salad. This was one of my favorites of the night. It came with 2 dressings, one spicy and one sweet. The fish was high quality. The crisp onions on top provided a nice flavor and textural contrast. It was a lovely way to start our meal.Next we were served Raku's tofu. They make their own tofu and it comes with bonito, green onion, and ginger. The waitress suggested using the green tea salt and soy sauce to season it as well. The soy sauce is homemade and has a slightly sweet flavor. The tofu had a creamy, smooth texture. I never imagined imagined eating plain tofu and liking it, but I did.For our third course we had Agedashi tofu which was deep fried tofu in a miso broth topped with salmon roe. It was exceptional. This was another of my favorites of the night. I don't know how they make tofu so delicious!Next up was grilled tomatoes. They had a nice charcoal grill flavor.Course 5 was juicy deep fried chicken. It was served on a bed of spinach and had awesome crispy skin with sesame. It was indeed juicy and very tasty.We then had asparagus with bacon. It consisted of 3 small spears of asparagus wrapped in bacon. The bacon had a nice smoky grilled flavor.Our seventh course was butter sauteed scallop with soy sauce. The scallop was nicely cooked and the sweet soy sauce complemented the dish nicely. This was in my wife's top three dishes.Our next dish was yellowtail with glazed soy-based sauce. It was served with minced radish. The radish made the dish go from good to great. It was a perfect pairing.Next up was chicken wrapped with skin. It was salty and was a great contrast to the previous slightly sweet courses. The skin was sinfully good.We then were served Kurobuta pork cheek. It was chewy and reminded me of steak fat. That might not sound appetizing, but it was really good.For our 11th course we had Kobe beef outside skirt with garlic. My wife loved how the garlic chips complemented by the beef. I liked it too, but by this time I was getting full.Next was another of my favorites, steamed foie gras egg custard. The custard was beautifully cooked. It was served in a delicious broth. Though I was getting full by now, I couldn't stop eating it.After that we were served Tsukune grilled ground chicken. It looked like a chicken sausage. I was stuffed so I only ate a bite and took the rest home.We then were given grilled rice balls. One was flavored with soy sauce and the other with miso. I only had a bite and packed the rest.Lastly, we were given two desserts. First up was green tea creme brûlée. The green tea ice cream was subtly flavored and just slightly sweet. It was a nice balance to creme brûlée.Our other dessert was cheesecake. It had raspberries hidden inside. I love raspberries, and when I ate the raspberry sitting on top of the cheesecake I exclaimed, "That's a nice raspberry!"  The cheesecake was fluffy and airy. It was served with a delicious raspberry sauce and green tea salt.Playing in the background was Japanese elevator music, including a rendition of Michael Jackson's "Beat It" which was pretty neat.The bathroom has artificial grass on the floor, a fake tree growing up the wall, foliage on the ceiling, birds playing in the background, and flower petals on the floor. A must see!The meal was definitely delicious, but I think we should have gone with a $50 omakase meal as there were about five too many courses. I well definitely go back! Can't wait to try my favorites again and sample some new dishes!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,4/5/2011,1407,1189,6,10,11>Finally stopped in while running some errands since I missed out on the opportunity of getting a limited edition golden ticket shirt at the grand opening last week.:(As you step inside, beats are bangin', graffitti art cover the walls, unique pieces of furniture everywhere, a couple of big screen TVs for your viewing pleasure, and as always, Ric is always there to greet you and ready to feed you some slider luv. There are also NBA JAM and Mortal Kombat II arcade games that are set on free play(according to other reviewers)The menu items and prices are the same with a new section of SUPERFRIES!!!1 slider $32 Sliders $53 sliders $7*Mystery Slider $5 (Changes Daily)Superfries $5Barbyfries- Melted cheddar, bcaon, caramelized jalapeno, and BBQ saucePepfries-Sauteed Onion, bacon, cheddar, and super sauceCaptainfries-Sauteed onions, bacon, feta cheese, and balsamic reductionSweetpotatosmores-Toasted marshmallow cream, warm chocolate sauce, graham cracker crumbleAs Ric is taking your order, he has some scooby snack action for the customers as well."Don't be shy!" he says, referring to the deep fried mac and cheese and deep fried cheesecake bites that you can munch on while waiting for your grub.So I go for a Yaya slider, today's "mystery" slider: Tequila-Lime  Marinated Steak Slider with jack cheese, tomatoes, lettuce, and Guacamole AND an order of Sweetpotatosmores Superfries.Crazy as it sounds, the saltiness of the sliders actually paired well with the sweetpotatosmores fries, chocolate sauce, marshmallows and all!As I finish up my lunch, Ric says" Here you go brother, just a little something on the house"... swings by and hands me a couple of cupcake sliders! Yellow cake(Buns)Brownie(burger) and Vanilla Frosting(Sauce) SWEET!I ask Ric if he'd be up for hosting a yelp gathering(and of course, HE"S DOWN!)  So keep an eye out, as soon as I get all the details ironed out with Ric, IT'S ON!!!!!! Ric, Congrats to you and the rest of the Slidin' Thru Family!!!! Just thought I'd mention that Slidin Thru HQ is OPEN 24 HOURS, and so is the bar next door........UYE Coming Soon!!!!!!.ALOHA!!!
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,4/4/2011,281,230,2,7,7>I love this place. When I first moved here, this quickly became a regular take-out spot. Not only because their food is awesome and it's close to my house, but the employees are great, too.Their cheesesteaks are delicious and their bread is soft, but solid enough to handle all the meaty goodness that is a cheesesteak.  I used to always get the chicken cheddar cheesesteak, which in my opinion, is better even than the beef. But lately, I've switched to some healthier fare: their turkey and cheese hoagie.I always order it dry (because I'm watching my girlish figure) and they never fail to make it exactly how I want it. The first few times I ordered it, they raised an eyebrow, but now they know just how I want it and it's perfect every time, loaded up with yummy turkey, a couple slices of provolone and packed with lettuce, tomato and paper thin rings of red onion.  So good it doesn't even need condiments, fortunately.I like coming in here because they're always friendly, but not overly and they recognize me now. The place is always clean, too.They have a vast menu outside of just philly sammiches. They offer fried shrimp and catfish and even lobster rolls, along with a full array of hoagies. Their steak fries are great, too -- I like them "well done".They are a *teeny* bit pricey, just a little tiny bit, but the quality of the product makes up for it. It's a staple in my take-out arsenal.  :)
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,4/3/2011,1362,984,7,14,11>Since the takeover of Red Stone Grill, we've been meaning to visit Straight Up Gaming and Martini Lounge.  A recent  Yelp event gave us a taste, which was a good thing since we found ourselves in the neighborhood earlier this week.I remember they were offering Happy Hour from 4 pm to 7 pm, so we scooted our butts in for some Monday night football.Happy Hour means half all appetizers (except the Spicy Ahi) and $2 off drinks.After walking in and the bartender greeting us, we took a seat in the dining room in front of the large screen.  With a pretty decent selection of apps to choose from, we decided on four:* Potato Pancakes "Ham, potato and chive pancakes with applesauce and your choice of horseradish or sour cream." ($7.99)  Four pancakes that are lightly fried and tasty.  We automatically got sour cream with ours, which was no biggie since we didn't even remember horseradish was an option.* Crab Cakes "Crab cakes drizzled with our creamy mustard sauce and pineapple relish." ($10.95) - You actually get crab cakes, as in the plural, when you order this.  Three to be exact.  And the creamy sauce added to this dish very nicely.  You can tell there's definitely a decent amount of crab and not just filler in these cakes.* Chicken Wings "Ten wings served with celery, carrots and your choice of ranch or bleu cheese dressing.  Available in BBQ, Honey Mustard, Teriyaki, or Buffalo style." (Boneless $11.95 / Traditional $10.95)  The Husband remembers seeing other yelpers order this from before, so he was game to get his own share.  I was surprised when the order of 11 wings showed  up.  He chose boneless and buffalo style.  They were meaty pieces of poultry and what a steal at half off! * Queso Cammarones "Shrimp, artichoke hearts and sauteed spinach, melted together in a blend of provolone, romano and parmesan cheeses.  Served with tortilla chips." ($8.95) - Your basic artichoke and spinach dip, but taken to a new level with shrimp hidden underneath.  It's a heavy dish and you definitely need to share this one for sure! Service - what can I say?  Our waitress was friendly, the owner said hello when he passed by, and someone from the kitchen came by to chat with us not once, but twice!  And the bartender thanked us for coming in when we left!  They are a friendly bunch here!  We even got little martini shakers as gifts during out visit! Other appetizers worth checking out would be their oysters on a half shell, bleu cheese tomatoes, and red pepper hummus! Next time!Overall, I'm always pleased when I find a restaurant with great happy hour specials and Straight Up definitely offers some good ones! They also have different events for each day...better call ahead to double check if they are still going on though!Mondays: Buy One Get One Specialty Martini 1/2 off 7 pm to close; karaoke at 10 pm with Karate KaraokeTuesdays: 2 for 1 Tacos, 2 for 1 Coronas, $4 MargaritasWednesdays: Live Jazz at 9 pmThursdays: 50% Off Specialty Martinis for Ladies from 7 pm to midnightFridays: Live Hawaiian and Reggae Bands at 11 pmSaturdays: Beauty Industry receive $3 off Specialty Martinis and 50% AppetizersSundays: Sunday Brunch at 10 am to 2 pm; Hospitality Industry receive 50% food and drinks all day; Wii Games from 6 pm to closing with a winner getting a free well drink!Update!  We returned the following week...* Roasted Red Pepper Hummus "Served with crispy tortilla chips." ($6.95) - It's served with pita chips, not tortilla chips.  But that wasn't the problem, the hummus was really dried out.  Not sure if they make their own, but it was definitely lacking in olive oil.  I thought I had tried it before at an event, but I guess not.  Nonetheless, I brought home the leftovers and added some EVOO to help bring it back to life.  It still was lacking.We also ordered the chicken wings again and attempted to order their "Spicy Garlic" style, which was something off the menu.  Unfortunately, the day we went, that chef working wasn't familiar with that style.  He did offer to make it for us, but we decided to stick with what was on the menu.  They also ran out of ranch dressing.  We were told they make it fresh, and the waitress was able to scrape up a little bit of what was left.  But by the time she asked if I needed more, the wings were done. Oh well.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,4/2/2011,142,120,6,12,10>I'm amazed this show is getting 1-star reviews, because I just went for my second time a couple weeks ago (sans Dita Von Teese) and even without the queen of burlesque, these women deserve all the adoration in the world. When you walk into the theater, it is very intimate with plush velvet seating, and you can tell from the decor that you are going to be entertained. It is borderline cheesy, but still seductive.This show starts off with a bang, with a line-up of all the statuesque beauties almost fully nude in military costume. Then there is a short film that gives a backstage peek and introduction of the ladies while they set up for more skits. There are many little vignettes: some are comedic in nature, some have the ladies singing along to very sassy showtunes, and the rest are just stunningly gorgeous and artistic. There is a bit of an intermission with this pair of men doing well.... two very comedic but odd skits. It just needs to be seen to be understood. This show is tediously choreographed, from lighting to music to the dancers themselves. The women are even choreographed where exactly to look in the audience when on stage. It is quite impressive and I did not see one difference at all from the first time I saw them. These dancers are just so talented and very, very beautiful, and 100% natural! I honestly thought I would be a little intimidated by these sultry women with literally perfect bodies (perfect mix of athletic but still womanly and soft - so sexy!) but each time I have seen them it just revved me up and made me feel super flirtatious. Good job, ladies! ;) This to me is a must-see show, but you have to have an open mind to appreciate this kind of artistry. Run and get tickets now if you want to see sexy, classy women in Louboutins dancing to some of the most fun music with amazing lighting and costumes (or lack therof!). Also, this is an EXACT replica of the one in Paris! If you're not lucky enough to go there, just head to the Strip to be entertained in every sense of the word. I can't speak more highly of this show, it is a sight to be seen and an experience that has yet to be matched.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,4/1/2011,519,1603,5,11,8>Based on the reviews here, I decided to try Born and Raised for breakfast before the Great Santa Run 2010 at Town Square.  I'm glad I listen to my fellow Yelpers, because they've nailed this place well!I was the only customer when I walked in at 7:30 AM and the staff was great.  They let me seat myself anywhere I wanted.  I chose a table in the lounge so I could watch the 17 or so big screen TVs.  Two channels of ESPN were on, two screens of Chelsea footie, and 5 screens of the History Channel which seemed out of place in a video poker/sports bar.  The important stuff - breakfast was great.  I had their Eggs Benedict.  They were tasty, and the Hollandaise had a nice, distinct flavor.  The breakfasts come with BAR potatoes and a nice bowl of fresh fruit.  My only detraction was my eggs were poached more than I like them, but that may be a health code because of possible salmonella.The breakfast is listed on the menu for $9 and that's what the bill was for plus the tax.  No charge for coffee - it comes with the meal.  That's almost unheard of anymore!I'll return.  This is a gem of a place.  It only opened in October.  I wish them well.  I'll come back and try their sliders.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,3/31/2011,350,281,5,12,9>First, I want to say thanks for opening a great pizza place near me in the Southwest. It's right off of the 215 and Town Center. It's next to Hokkaido and Rachel's Kitchen. Next, the restaurant is very cool looking with a covered outdoor patio. I'm sure they are waiting for the weather to get warmer but they have heat lamps out there so they can use it now... hint hint =) The interior is sleek and urban with orange and brown accents that match their logo/theme. The restaurant is split into two sides, the dining area and and the bar area. I like this because there is a separation between both which has a different vibe for each. Dining area is much more family feel while bar is casual cool wine lounge with yummy food. OF course the centerpiece are the two pizza ovens in the kitchen area. And if you are wondering, that's the kitchen... that's it, all open. Isn't that crazy?And you can if you want, stand up at the glass partition to watch them make your pizza. I watched them for a bit and that's when Chef Carlos said hi and told me about the open kitchen. I just got off work and was hungry so I went straight for the good stuff.. the pizza. There are two kinds of pizza: Neapolitan or Roman. I was like, what is Roman style. Apparently, it's like a cracker crust. I will try next time. I ordered the Picante (cuz I like it spicy), and added garlic and an over-easy egg. I love pizza places that add egg to the top of the pizza! Well needless to say, the pizza was amazing and spicy. The Sopressata, red peppers, garlic, San Marzano tomato and egg all worked together. The crust is thick enough to hold the toppings and probably a couple more. I usually dip my remaining crust in olive oil and I ended up pouring the olive oil all over the pizza - some good olive oil. Next time I will need to try the app, esp the Carpaccio, Gnocchi, Scampi the Mozzarella Bar, and of course more pizza. Ciao!
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,3/30/2011,390,337,8,11,6>I think entry into the Downtown Cocktail Room is designed as something of an IQ test set to weed out only the intelligent (and lucky) customers.  It took me a minute or two to figure out which part of the dark wall is the actual door.  While I am sure this is a continual amusement for regulars of the lounge, a small sign, a doorman, or even a handle would shave time off of the deductive reasoning.  In retrospect, it IS kind of funny.There's a lot to like about this place.  The place looks excellent, the bartenders and servers are dressed stylish, the art on the wall is excellent, as is the (non-deafening, non-screaming over) music, and the place has a very cool "vibe" to it.  The vibe of any place is an intangible thing, and somewhat hard to explain.  It either feels right, or it doesn't.  This place is excellent to sit back and enjoy.  And very clean.  Someone knew what they were doing when they set up the overall look of this place.The drinks?  I had a very nice server.  Being a first-timer, she pointed out a few excellent drink choices, both were very satisfactory, unique, and flavorful.  They even serve absinthe there, which got an eyebrow raise of surprise from me.  During the night, she forgot part of my order, but was very apologetic, and worked hard to set it right, which I couldn't help but recognize the sincerity, and the EXCELLENT customer service.  She was class.  The whole night was just a wonderful experience in which I would return again... in a particular time period.So why 4 stars?  Another review noted it gets busy at the place around 11, which was an accurate forecast.  The issue I had with the place isn't a direct fault of the actual establishment itself or its staff, but I have to make note of it.  As it got busy, the building hipster crowd that began to appear in droves as the night wore on didn't so much as chain smoke as they began to chew and eat cigarettes in an attempt to go through what was apparently a pack smoking contest to see how many could be lit and inhaled during one night.  I can handle smallish amounts of smoke, and crowds don't bother me, but my God, man.  I was there for two previous hours of awesome, then... yeah....They serve bar treats here.  A nice variety of bar related nibbles (served very well, and very cheap), and I guess it's debatable if that could actually be considered "food", but I wish it was, as food in an establishment keeps the smoking element out.  Perhaps a separate lounge, or larger fans, or an outside area, or something.  All I know is that I was having a wonderful time, but I got so smogged out that I just had to leave.  I was disappointed because I REALLY wanted to stay longer and try yet another drink, but around 11-12, it was just too much.  One of my friends and I had to leave as we started feeling sick.  Again, I don't blame the Cocktail Room itself at all, but I do hope that they can try to find an a little help for us non-smoking types.I can easily 5-star this place (and it pains me not to), but I think that will mean me both coming and leaving early here if last night was an indication of a regular weekend night.  They nailed the atmosphere, service, and drinks.  I just wish I could breathe in there as the night wears on.Cool place, though.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,3/29/2011,316,816,9,10,8>Club review only:I'd say LAVO is within my top three club experiences:-Vanity-Tao-Lavo-JetI went here on Tuesday night (12/21/10) with three friends. Because one of the girls works for Tao Group corporate, we didn't wait in any lines, free entry and got open bar wristbands (all the soda water I could drink haha.) Yay us!This club is in need of a way larger dance floor, otherwise, I'd say it was five stars. When we first got in, it wasn't crowded; there were just a few groups of girls on the dance floor. The bar was a little crowded, but not by much. Fast-forward about an hour and a half later - you couldn't even move. Any inch of floorspace in the entire upstairs was packed person to person. Forget about trying to get on the dance floor, you won't be able to push your way through the walkways. Bouncers were continually telling people to move out of the walkways and exits. They really should have turned people away and sent them to Tao. It was just way over filled to the point of it being a fire-hazard. The girl in the freaking wheelchair on the dance floor... ummm... yeah, talk about issues trying to get around a packed crowd!The music was on par with most clubs. There wasn't any hyphy but they played Chris Brown and Justin Bieber. The crowd went wild. Mmmmhmmm. Good stuff.As a girl, I freaking loathe when a club is 90% chicks. I'm not going to Krave (the gay bar) because I want to dance with the opposite sex - guys. I want to dance with guys. I don't want to be surrounded by girls. At Lavo, this was not a problem. Girls, if you're decent looking, I'm pretty sure you'll get hit on and dance with at least 4 or 5 guys. I did. I'm sure this has something to do with the crowd being about 60/40 girl/guy ratio. Another plus is that although the guys are flirtatious and have no qualms about dancing with you without your permission, they're not the Ed Hardy or rude crowd. They're not necessarily putting high pressure on you, even if they suggest things. Most seem to have some actual manners, which is rare for club guys. Oh, by the way, the girls' bathroom is killer. It's Moroccan themed and gorgeous. I want one in my house, even though I don't need an oval room with 10 stalls. It was gorgeous. I'd for sure come back!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,3/28/2011,464,819,6,8,7>Finally a good BBQ place in the southwest! Buzz just opened up about a week or two ago. It's owned by 3 guys and this is their second location (the original place is off of Craig Road). I stopped by and ordered a brisket sandwich ($8.00) to go. As I waited I chatted with the hostess and one of the owners. Both were incredibly nice and raved about some of their specialties. The brisket didn't disappoint. It was a huge mound of soft and tender beef brisket on a sesame seed bun. The BBQ sauce that accompanied it had a little kick to it but was also a little on the sweet side... maybe a little too sweet. But, it was still a delicious and filling sandwich. Their fries are also excellent.I'll definitely be back to try some ribs and pulled pork. They had their smoker set up on the patio so the whole parking lot had that amazing BBQ smell.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,3/27/2011,191,302,6,10,8>The Skinny: great service, reasonable prices, and a great ponzu sauce has me coming back again and again despite the lengthy drive - 30 miles, yo! (4), service: efficient service where a glass is never empty without asking, a waitress always asks whether you want more... (4.5), value: lunch is a better value for your dollar but dinner is also quite reasonable (4).High marks goes to all the Yelpers who love this place. I've been dying to try out Shabu Shabu Paradise and my hubby indulged me after being away from Vegas for 6 agonizing weeks. Due to my late flight in (which I won't even get into because it was possibly the worst flight of my life - whole different story), my hubby called ahead to ensure that they would take us in. The lady informed him that as long as we got into the restaurant before 9:30 pm, it would be okay. Sweet!So we squeeked in 15 minutes before closing and were welcomed (genuinely) by the waitress. She never left a beverage unfilled and kept bringing us all the accompaniments we needed without asking for it. She was the most efficient waitress we've had in a long time.Portion sizes for the meat are Jack ($18; only one choice of protein), Queen ($18 for 2 choices of protein) and King ($23 for two choices of protein) and they serve finely sliced kurobata pork, organic chicken and high quality beef. Seafood (scallop, shrimp) are extra. Veggies plates are unlimited and include: green onion, sliced bamboo, carrot, napa cabbage, tofu (medium soft), and tofu noodles. Mushrooms are an extra $3 as a side or can be ordered as the vegetarian only option ($12) and the choices include shittake, enoki and maitaki varieties. Your meal will also include unlimited salad and a bowl of ice cream for dessert during dinner time.Shabu shabu here is the thing to order - a simple broth made with seaweed (kombu) served with the freshest vegetables you have and the best quality meat you can find. The ponzu is fantastic - the strong citrus flavouring of yuzu really comes through and tantalizes your tastebuds. So good! The sesame sauce adds a sweet richness to the cooked ingredients. Spicy ponzu has quite a kick - be forewarned!The sukiyaki is similar to the shabu shabu however the broth is derived from a sweet soy sauce. You eat the sukiyaki without any adornments.There are a couple reasons though, this restaurant does not get a full 5-stars.First, the waygu beef is sliced a little too thin for my tastes. When you have something as luxurious as waygu, it is best served in thicker slices for you to enjoy the melt-in-your-mouth-ness. When sliced so thin, it is hard to tell the difference between wagyu and regular beef due to it's tendency to be overcooked. (FYI - cook the meat only to pink if you ordered wagyu - otherwise the cow will haunt your dreams for such an egregious insult). Tip: try the wagyu during lunch time as it's more affordable in combination with the 20% lunch coupon.Secondly, the sukiyaki broth a little thin for my tastes - I really like a slightly thicker flavoured broth.  Finally, the dessert was rather poor considering the quality of the other parts of the meal: a scoop of ice cream with either chocolate sauce, green tea powder, or strawberry sauce then topped with canned fruit. To be honest, some small slices of fresh fruit would have been more preferable.Overall, the experience fulfilled my craving for an Asian soul food winter staple. Coupled with some really great lunch/dinner coupons, it cleared up the sniffles better than chicken soup and is good on the wallet! 4 star review.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,3/25/2011,410,224,8,11,10>American Fish offers a nice little happy hour from 5:00pm - 7:00pm, Sundays through Fridays.  Happy hour offerings include a selection of appetizers for $5.00 each, along with a handful of cocktails, beers and wines coming in at $7.00 each.  Note that the appetizers are small, though!  About two-three bites per appetizier kind of small.  Between two kinda-hungry people we ordered six appetizers and two desserts, so even with happy hour pricing expect each person to pitch in $15-$20 (before drinks).So, you end up here during happy hour, and you're wondering what to order?  Well, whatever you order, be sure to save a tiny bit of room for dessert.  You have to try the cheesecake!  This cheesecake has the softest and creamiest consistency that I've had.  It'll melt in your mouth and make you want to eat the whole thing when no one else is looking.  But that would be mean, so you really should order one piece of cheesecake for each person.  Honestly, it's a hard dessert to willingly share.  As for the rest of the meal:Foie Gras Poppers - These are small.  Like, the diameter of a quarter small.  Tasty, but imagine if you got a cheeseburger the size of a quarter; small bun, small meat, small cheese, right?  How can you distinguish the flavors?  This is actually the first time I've tasted Foie Gras, so I couldn't really tell you how it tasted!  It was good, but I don't know why exactly.Tuna Melt - This was another treat.  For some reason my tastebuds only like tuna if it is sashimi/sushi.  Tuna sandwich, tuna melt...no thank you!  But this tuna melt had some very good white cheddar that mixed with the tuna to make for a delicious sandwich.Shrimp & Grits - It's shrimp!  With grits!  Truffled Mac & Cheese - This was tasty since the truffle had a very pronounced flavor.  Not overbearing, but it had enough presence to give it a pleasant flavor.  None of that, "This taste like regular mac & cheese!" business here!Fish & Chips - It's fish!  And chips!Prime Rib Sandwich - It's not really a sandwich...since the prime rib is sitting on top of a piece of ciabatta bread; not bread on top.  Still, the prime rib was quite tasty.  The horseradish didn't have much kick, if you're into that sort of thing.  I know I am.  Overall American Fish offers a pleasant happy hour.  The drink selection at happy hour pricing is rather limited when compared to their entire cocktail menu (three cocktails, three beers and three wines make up the happy hour selection).  Still, it makes for a nice alternative to a full meal on The Strip.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,3/24/2011,264,264,11,9,10>I hate casinos.  Even moreso, I hate bars/lounges in casinos.  But I love Chandelier!  Chandelier has redefined the game.  This lounge is absolutely gorgeous, yet manages to not be pretentious and uninviting.   This multi-level bar is the focal point of the Cosmopolitan and is really stunning to look at from the inside and out.  It actually has lots of seating (bonus!). The music and the crowd at the bar were both a pleasant mix.  Neither were too in your face.  The music was actually ambient and allowed for conversation.  There was ample opportunity for people watching (Hi, SnookiFail and Kardashian Kousin!) on your own level and downstairs.  But the real allure of this place is the outstanding mixology program.  They have really raised the bar and are making some of the most innovative and delicious cocktails in town.  I sampled 8 (not all by myself!) of their specialty cocktails (see pictures for details), and every single one was perfection.  And seriously, at $10-14?? That's a deal.  It's a swanky casino lounge in Las Vegas, not a dive bar in a college town.  Don't expect $2 PBR drafts.  What you CAN expect are concoctions like the Violet Femme (a take on the classic Aviation), a lychee gimlet, a mixed berry whiskey sour, a fire breathing dragon (with freeze-dried raspberry - this science and foodie nerd has gotta love a bar that has their own supply of liquid nitrogen), and the sichuan button sour - a drink that includes a little flower bud that when bitten into triggers a tingling response in the tongue that enhances taste sensations.  I would be remiss if I did not mention that Chandelier is Pants Optional.  No, not for customers, silly! But apparently for the cocktail waitresses, including The Hottest Server in the World (TM), who kindly brought us our drinks with smile.  You'd think that a crazy hot girl in little more than an ill-fitting glittery tank top and underwear might be a little snobby, but she was so sweet!  I miss you already, HSitW.  I usually avoid the Strip (especially on a weekend!!), but Chandelier is worth coming back for.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,3/23/2011,129,230,3,7,6>I LOVE SEN OF JAPAN!!My husband and I moved here about a week ago. Thanks to all the great reviews here on Yelp, we decided to have our first Vegas dinner here. Talk about a great welcome to the neighborhood dinner! This place blew me away, it's definitely the best sushi restaurant in Vegas!Customer service = awesome!As soon as we walked in, all the employees that were working greeted us. John was our server, and he was great! Very friendly, suggested good dishes from their menu, answered our questions, made small talk, and even explained some of the ingredients on our plates when our food was served to us. The second time we ate here, we sat at the sushi bar, and the four sushi chefs that were working were very nice. They kept asking us how the food tasted and if we wanted to order anything else. Bunch of guys who really seemed to enjoy their jobs. Food = delicious!I have only been here twice, but everything has tasted really good so far. John did point out that unlike a lot of other restaurants, they actually use real crab in their sushi rolls! Sweet! My favorite is the #9 on the specialty sushi roll page of their menu, which is real crab, mango, cucumber, and some kind of special sauce on top. So fresh and yummy!! The black cod soy was excellent as well. It was cooked perfectly and kind of just melts in your mouth, I wish there was a bigger portion! For dessert, I have tried the Mochi Ice Cream, which is from Bubbies in Hawaii. I was born and raised in Hawaii, so I totally support that! I also tried the Chocolate Souffle with Green Tea Ice Cream. It takes them about 20 minutes to make it, but Mmmm, gotta love a warm chocolate cake with ice cream! The only drawback is that it is expensive, but worth every penny! Open late and close to home....hmmm this could be dangerous, but I will definitely be back many times!  They seem to have many regular customers and know them by name.Check it out if you haven't already!
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,3/22/2011,821,451,7,13,9>Possibly the cheapest meal you will find in any of the casinos on the Las Vegas Strip.  And this unassuming and "hidden" pizzeria, which is not even what their name is (according to the man I spoke to behind the counter) is located in the newest luxury casino to opened in Las Vegas.  It is on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan, across from the escalator and located next to Blue Ribbon Sushi.  There are no signs indicating that there is anything down the short hallway adorned with album covers, besides of course the pinball machine and flat screen televisions mounted on the wall clearly visible to anyone who bothered to look in.  But instead of finding a hidden alcove of arcade games, you will find a counter where you can order your pizza by the slice or by the whole pie, and work space where they prepare the NY-style pizzas from scratch.Prices are reasonable.  Slices starts at $3 per slice (plain cheese), $3.50 (one-topping), $4 (two toppings combo), and for $6 (you get a slice of plain cheese pizza and domestic draft beer).18" Pizza by the pie: $17 (Cheese), $18 (White Pizza - Ricotta & Mozzarella Cheese), $22 (three-toppings), or $25 (five-toppings).Available Toppings (in alphabetical): Black Olives, Extra Cheese, Fresh Garlic, Green Peppers, Meatballs, Mushrooms, Onions, Pepperoni, Ricotta, Roasted Tomatoes, Sliced Sausage, Spinach, White Anchovies.Beverages: Coca-Cola Brand fountain drinks, beer and wine (domestic and premium draft), Illy Coffee.  The cup of soda is pretty small, but you can ask for refills. :DDesserts: New York Cheesecake Slice and Cannoli.Also if you are staying at the Cosmopolitan and too busy/lazy/important/lost :p to make your way to the "Pizzeria", you can ring up the hotel to have someone deliver your pizza order.BTW, the concept of selling pizzas by the slice has been around for a long time, just ask any UCB students, but to implement this concept inside a mega luxury casino is as Misti (LV Yelp CM) stated, "genius"!----2/15/2011----Holy cow!  I have no idea this place gets so packed at 11pm on a Tuesday night!  And their cheese-less pizzas with extra garlic oil added to the pizza sauce is dope!  I am glad I ate the last slice that no one else wanted, even though I was rather full already :)Decor: 4.5/5Pizza: 3.5/5Price: 4.5/5Staff: 5/5 Friendly and nice to the guests.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,3/18/2011,140,148,9,11,9>Have you ever felt too clean, and healthy for your own good?  If so, divebar is the place for you.  They offer dozens of remedies to give you your edge back.You can count on walking out of here smelling like an ash tray.  The assortment of beers, and cocktails (mmm....fresh pirate's blood!) are sure to give you the worst hangover of your life.  Make sure to visit the restroom if you feel like your immune system's slacking off.  Bored?  Just direct your attention to the bar tv's, and enjoy some horrible porn, or a slasher flick. If there's a band playing, your eardrums will be violently assaulted.  This bar is way too small for shows, but they go ahead and have them anyway.  Sometimes the bands suck, sometimes they're awesome, but the shows are always free, and divebar is always a good time.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,3/16/2011,222,141,6,7,6>5 stars because I've shared time with someone special here many times.  This is our favorite place to play basketball, not the main court where it's always crowded and people take the game too seriously but at the back hidden court near the dog park.  It's never packed pass 8pm and we usually have the court to ourselves.  This is where I like to play ball with a small group of friends or 1 on 1.My Church also planned a softball tournament here which turned out to be a success. We had the whole baseball field for the tournament without having to make some type of reservation. It was on a Saturday morning which was more of a surprise or maybe no one really plays softball here.If you have a dog, great place to meet other dog lovers since there is a dog park here too. Be careful where you step at though, there's rumors of sleeping brown smurfs laying all around.I've never seen anything rowdy here happen and no suspicious people loitering around. I can say this place is pretty safe from what I've experienced and seen around.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,3/15/2011,167,252,3,6,6>5 indoor tables, more outside.4 solid menu boards3 comfy couches (1 not as comfy as the others)2 super friendly baristas (that I've met)1 killer masala chaiEven though its a 15 min drive, it's worth it.  We don't have nearly enough independent coffee shops in Vegas.  Friendly unpretentious spot with delicious coffee and tea.  All the basics, plus quite a few specials and seasonal recipes.  Owner always seems to be on-site and has hired very chill, personable staff that don't look at you crazy if you ask questions.Great background music, which isn't too loud if you're trying to get some work done.  Art on the walls, table by restroom supporting local events and businesses.  Even an antique-looking gong by the door if you need some om in your day.Best thing about this place.  It isn't trying too hard.  Its Vegas.  You can't really pull off a 30-year old Bay or Seattle coffee shop feel here.  They seem to recognize that.  It's simple, comfy and seems to recognize what it is, and what it isnt.Yaaay Sunrise.  10 points!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2011,3/14/2011,214,227,10,7,4>I've been to Sedona many times, but after sitting on their fabulous patio last night - IN FEBRUARY  - I am finally compelled to write a review.  If you don't agree that this is the most relaxing, cool patio in Las Vegas, someone needs to punch you right in the mouth! Seriously, the lighting is perfect.  Sexy without being too dark.  The heat lamps are just right.  And if you get too cold there's an awesome firepit.  Best of all the patio furniture is very comfortable.  If it gets too cold, then you move inside where the atmosphere is also very cool.  This is one of the few places that I feel like I'm no longer in Las Vegas.  To top it off, their 4-7 happy hour is fantastic.  $8 appetizers, $5 wine, $4 wells and $3 domestics.  The food is really good.  With the exception of the calamari (it's floppy not crispy), I've loved everything I've ever eaten here.  Gotta try the Ahi Tuna Lettuce Wraps.  And the oysters are very fresh!  If you are looking for a great romantic date spot, the tables by the firepit are key. This area is kind of closed off and private.  I walked in to a sexy date in progress and decided to sit in the other area of the patio because pimping ain't easy and I respect that!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,3/13/2011,163,128,7,10,7>So, this place is pretty much amazing. Everything lives up to par. The food, coffee, and service. It's a small little place hidden in a business complex, but if you're smart enough to find it - then you deserve to eat there !! Think of it as a treasure hunt. If you take the time to find it, you'll be rewarded in the end. The owner, Olivier, is a very friendly man. If it's your first time, he gladly explains almost everything he has on his menu. And what I liked most, is that he takes the time to find out your name and shake your hand. Not many establishments do that. Although he does have a set menu, the soups, quiches, & tarts seem to change almost every day. Plus, I do believe he just has other random food items available each day, so be sure to ask him what he has for the day [though, I'm sure he'll tell you before you get the chance to ask]. I had the chicken curry sandwich, an item not regularly available on his menu. Damn, it was delicious. Good flavored curry, tender chicken, great baguette, plus some fresh herbs and such. I hope he has this on a more regular basis. For you vegetarian and/or vegan folk, he has quite a few options on his menu, and he said he was looking to add more. The croissants there are supposed to be really great. I wish I could confirm this, but unfortunately I'm not a big fan of croissants. They're just too buttery and flaky for my taste [a lot of people judge me for this, but it's OK. =p]. But, I will comment that they did LOOK good. Overall, a great place to meet a friend for lunch. Or get some studying done [ free wifi !]. Plus, with an always changing selection of food, you'll always have a chance to try something new. When you go, be sure and eat a croissant for me.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2010,3/11/2011,562,1065,2,7,4>I went here ever so eager. My eyes went wide at the menu - so many possibilities and so many sauces to try.I opted for the standard wings. And went with trying 4 of the sauces - hot, damn hot, chili lime, and habanero honey. Blue cheese and ranch for dipping. Also ordered fries with fry sauce and potato salad.The wings themselves are nice and plump. Very good quality. And the wings are actually breaded, which can be hard to do well. But the breading was nice and crisp and had a good flavor. So all is good with the actual wings.The sauces, though, are lacking. The hot was actually more like a mild. Zero heat and little flavor. The chili lime was similar. I could barely tell it was chili lime there was so little flavor. The habanero honey also had zero heat and was too sweet. The damn hot, however, was fabulous. It had heat and flavor, but wasn't hot just for the sake of being hot. So, with the exception of the damn hot (which is the hottest on their menu), if you don't like heat or lots of flavor in your wing sauce, this might be the place for you. This is where they lose major points. The sauce is the most crucial part of the wings.The blue cheese and ranch were ok, but not great. They didn't add anything to the wings. They're just sorta there.The fries are really good. They are shoestring fries that are crispy and non-greasy. The fry sauce was just average. They do also offer chili cheese fries.The potato salad was edible. And that's pretty much the best I can say about it.Good service. Props for the $1 drafts and all you can eat wings.Overall, if they could just get some better wing sauces (or my taste buds suddenly deteriorate), I might be back.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,3/10/2011,93,135,4,8,5>I have to admit, I had probably driven by this place hundreds of times without ever giving it a thought. After all, what kind of authenticity could I expect from a place with such a silly name? Who is this Mr. Chop Chop, and is he the mascot of the restaurant? Well, OBVIOUSLY I was a fool. A silly, misguided fool! Whoever Mr. Chop Chop is, I'd definitely want to be his friend. We've ordered from them twice and its been consistently flavorful and fast. The boy always gets a red curry when we have thai, and the first time he got a Mongolian beef that he enjoyed. Last time we ordered the curry, spicy mint pork, chicken satay, tom yum kai and crab rangoon. The rangoon was fat with cream cheese and a bit of crab, and the wontons were light and crispy. The curry was spicy and had lots of vegetables with juicy bits of chicken. I love tom yum kai and use it as my gauge, and their's was great. It had a definite home-made feel, with big chunks of galangal and lemongrass. The chicken was tender and definitely a lot fresher than some of the other places I've tried. They put strips of jalapeno into the soup and it was definitely spicy! The satay came with a peanut sauce and some sweet vinegar pickles that were delicious! A great compliment to the rich peanut sauce. The pork was also good, with a medley of vegetables and lots of chunks of fresh garlic. The meat was flavorful without being dense or overly porky, and the mint was a great addition. It made the whole dish taste lighter, fresher and more balanced. The delivery was relatively quick, within an hour, and we were very satisfied with the spice level. Most places go easy on it doubting our abilities as caucasians, leaving me to dump chili sauce into it. That was definitely not the case here, my first bite of the tom yum kai was a  shock. So spicy! It was great! I appreciate their generosity with the spice. We only got one rice with the meal, but it was enough for the meal. I may need to make a fresh batch for the leftovers, of which there is plenty. We got a ton of food for about $40 with enough for another meal. If we hadn't been so enthusiastic about trying things, we probably could have gotten a third meal out of it. Yummy food and close to home, I look forward to trying more of their offerings.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,3/9/2011,263,168,4,6,6>It amazes me how adding one vegetable (s) or without can add or miss the flavor of the delicious Monta Noodles offered.I finally tried Miso and I thought it was amazing and actually has a better taste than Tonkatsu. Only I prefer the straight noodles served with Tonkatsu instead of curly Ramen noodles with Miso.  With my Miso, I had green onions, corn and takana mustard leaf! The taste was flavorful and decadent with a touch of spice! The following week, I ordered my Miso with my favorite noodle along with my extra vegetable components just like my last visit but forgot to add the mustard green. I swore up and down to the chef that they gave me Tonkatsu because Miso was spicy last time.  Well, after a discussion with the chef we realized that the takana mustard leaf presented the spicy flavor to the broth, which was forgotten! I am astonished how one element can change the flavors! Cheers to the chef for helping me figure that out and making a fresh batch of Miso with my extra kicks.Monta Monta....You know you wanna Monta Monta!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2010,3/8/2011,85,90,5,6,3>The sweet cream pancakes here are absolutely delicious. This is my go-to place for pancakes. So far, the best I've had in this city. I sit and daydream about these pancakes during my off-time.Other food is traditional fare for a local diner: They taste as expected and food is generously portioned. They should have a little something that should satisfy any craving on their menu.It's a bit weird eating a meal with surrounded by hundreds of stuffed bears lining the ceiling though. All of that creepiness  is usually  forgotten once that sweet cream pancake hits my tongue.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,3/7/2011,83,599,5,12,8>What can I say, I really like this place.  It's not traditional Thai, but what do you expect with Thai tapas.  Everything I had was really, really good and inventive.  My husband and I were starving so we started off with three "tapas" - the shrimp patties, stuffed angel wings, and spinach salad.  I love the spinach salad!  It's tempura spinach leaves served in a big cone (like French fries) with a yummy dressing on the side.  The shrimp patties and stuffed angel wings were also very good, but the spinach salad stole the show.  The shrimp patties were pretty much what you would expect.  The menu says "Thai spices" but the patties aren't spicy at all.  Decent size and the plum sauce drizzled on top tasted great. The stuffed angel wings are a little different than what I'm used to, but still yummy.  A lot more chicken than "stuffing" and with cilantro.  For entrees, we had the spicy green bean pork and the basil beef.  Their spice rating system is from 1 to 5.  The spicy green bean pork can only be made a "2" or higher.  Hence the word "spicy" in the name.  We got the pork as a "2" and the beef as a "4."  The "2" was just perfect for me and the pork with green beans was delicious.  The beef was also good but I could tell it had more oil on it and I would probably break into a sweat if ate too much.  The entrees come with white rice, which was cooked properly.  All the plates come with little orchids on them and are served family style.  I liked the presentation of all the dishes, especially the spinach salad.For beer, they have Peroni, Blue Moon, and Coors Light on tap. We ended up having two Blue Moons, which went really well with the food. They do have some more interesting beers by the bottle, such as a Joseph James stout.  They have a very nice selection of wines but all the red wine is stored on shelves, so it might be too warm.  But they did have a sign outside offering 50% of wine by the bottle on Thursdays so I may have to check that out.  They also carry some sake.  Most of the desserts have coconut.  It's a Thai restaurant so I expect that.  We ended up having the Thai donuts, which were really tasty.  The caramel sauce is supposed to have coconut in it, but I didn't taste it.They took my restaurant.com certificate, no problem.  Service was great - very attentive and helpful.  Small, cute place.  A little dark, especially in the bathroom, but the décor is nice.  Looking at the reviews, I think this restaurant has been paying attention and making adjustments because I didn't have close to the same experience other reviewers had. This restaurant is definitely going on my regular rotation.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,3/6/2011,218,93,5,10,7>What do Mao Tse Tung and Frida Kahlo have in common?  Besides their intimate connections to communism and controversial personal lives, they also both appear as projected photographic wall art at China Poblano.  I adore Frida and collect mementos from her life.  I can't say the same for Mao but don't mind seeing his picture every so often at this restaurant.  China Poblano has a fresh concept, delicious food that mixes quality ingredients with creative combinations, and an artistic urban atmosphere.If you come alone, sit at the bar, it's communal and gives you a peek into the kitchen with cooks demonstrating their skills.  If you come with a group, sit by the wall with exhibits of colorful Chinese masks and Mexican figurines, which appear surprisingly similar when displayed together, (these tables also have cushioned benches that are much more comfortable than the ones under photographs of Mao & Frida).Everything is tapas style, we discovered about 2 items per person is a good amount of food.  Scallop dumplings are very tasty and served in authentic bamboo steamers.  I also love the Dan Dan Mian, wheat noodles in a spicy ground pork sauce.  Hot & sour soup has real content, not just broth.  But my favorite is the Singapore Sling, their signature cocktail.  It's very good gin paired with pineapple juice that they make in house plus other delicious things that come together for a fabulous concoction.They did forget a couple of our orders so it seems like management is still settling in.  All forgivable under this prismatic fun house where I can eat delectable fusion food.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,3/5/2011,198,93,5,6,5>BABYCAKES Cafe is the best breakfast restaurant by far!  Me and my gf ate here this afternoon, and it was a full house!  All tables were in use but there was no other people waiting but us.  So we waited about 10 minutes and immediately got seated.  It really is a small restaurant so be prepared to wait upon arrival if you go in the afternoon.  I ordered the Adobo fried rice omelette and gf ordered the kalua pig eggs benedict.  "Hey babe, wanna try this?" I said this because i wanted to try hers! HEHHEHE!!  Kalua Benedict was a different taste, but way better than the classic eggs benedict.  But dont get me wrong, i was happy with my Adobo fried rice omelette, filling indeed and it came with some bomb mac salad.  (QUICK NOTE: mix some tabasco in with the mac salad! gives it a kick! a karate-judo-brazillian jiu-jitsu-MMA-KICK!)Next is the Red Velvet pancakes, MY GOSH!! they're so good it deserves its own paragraph! Super moist on the inside, crispy outer rim crust. and  the cream cheese syrup and the whipped cream complimented it so well.   Good thing we only ordered the short-stack to share.  We had it as our desert for after our breakfasts.  Our total bill came out to $24 bucks.  not bad eh?Our waitress was nice and friendly, polite and brief. No complains there.  They also had 2 big tv's to watch while waiting for your food.  All in all, i recommend this place to everyone, and I will bring my friends and family here if/when they come and visit.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2010,3/4/2011,4974,721,6,13,11>Going out for a nice steak dinner on xmas eve has turned into a tradition for us but we opted for something different since we're planning on doing Carnevino for new year's eve.  Glad we did!!The food was tremendous.  The prices aren't that bad either.  Not the most romantic restaurant..much better for a group.Before I get into the food..I have to mention how good their Comme Ci cocktail is.  They got a whole prohibition cocktail thing going on which is all the rage but the Comme Ci was the real deal...totally refreshing.  It was some kind of cucumber, lemon and pepper thing with white rum.  I can't wait to drink these on their balcony during 100 degree weather.  They are $15 though so I gotta try to figure out how to make these at home.  Appetizers:Salade Frisee aux Lardons: Warm bacon vinaigrette, poached eggOur awesome waiter, Keith, mentioned the French eat this salad at home.  If this is true...I'm inviting myself to every random family dinner the next time I'm in France!!  I couldn't get enough of the cured bacon with egg yolky goodness covered over everything.  Steak Tartare: Coleman Ranch beef, capers, cornichonsI had never had Steak Tartare prepared the way they did it.  They mixed the beef in some kind of mayo/horseradishy sauce and it was so fn good.  I could've eaten this as my main course.Entrees:Crispy Skate Grenobloise: Haricots verts, lemon, capers, brown butterBEST SKATE EVER!!  Nothing else to say.  Duck Confit: Pommes Lyonnaise, braised red cabbageNot like I eat duck confit very often but a lot of restaurants seem to use duck breast for it now but duck thigh is really where its at!  Super juicy and flavorful.Dessert:Chocolate Pot du Crème: cardamom crème chantillyLike the best Nutella ever.  There are so many other things I have to try on the menu.  They also have daily specials along w/ raw bar.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,3/3/2011,1002,80,8,13,8>Did I ever mention I love this place so much?????----- maybe NOT because I couldn't find my reviews here. However, Yes, I do. I do love MMC 100% for sure ( I mean their lunch special )!What I still remember is that they provide LUNCH SPECIAL for ALL burgers, salads, sandwiches and wraps $5.95 $5.95 $5.95.What I still remember is that I usually order:1. Filet mignon salads2. Turkey wrap3. Chicken caesar wrapAlso my co-workers always have:1. Walnut chicken salads2. French dip3. Burger --- sorry! I'm not a really real burger fan, so I couldn't remember their names, but you can ask for it :)One one one thing I need to mention: PLEASE DO NOT GO DURING 12:00-1:00PM because it's going to wait at least half hour for just order your food. Their service is kind of slow. Oops! Do I say their slow? Yes, they are..... but Filet mignon salads without onion is my best dish. I'm here just for it.... worth it! P.S.: you will meet many of G4s during lunch hour  :)
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,3/2/2011,67,181,4,7,7>So far this is one of my favorite Thai food place in Las Vegas. Coming from the Bay Area where I had amazing choices I was originally reluctant to try and would just wait for trips home. We ventured out, discovered some NO WAY places, some EH and a few greats. This is a great. We've never had a bad meal at Archi's. The dishes are consistent, full of flavor, fresh ingredients cooked to perfection. At times the service can be a little slow, but the place is always packed and it appears they keep the number of servers pretty low. Worth the wait I say!Pad ThaiFried TofuNum Tok Beef SaladPad Prik Pow or KingPanangPineapple Fried RiceBasil Fried RicePak Kea Mowomg, I'm totally salivating as I write this list. redic.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,3/1/2011,178,96,4,8,6>This is it. Ive been to many coffee shops around my neighborhood here in Summerlin, but allow me to say how so overwhelmed I am by the beauty of this place. Not just the looks but the culture and vibe.  This is by far the chillest and abundant place to catch up with a friend, read a paper in the corner, play board games with your nieces, or even study alone or with a group. Aesthetics of this place brings me at peace and drown in my relaxed thoughts. No bad vibes.The 2nd story has a big table, and small  love seats to hangout. The wall of shelves the holds an eclectic collection from books, to references, to magazines, and board games bring this distinguished old english architectural design. Theres a big flat screen that allows us to watch current events. Picture frames of a coffee motif bring warmth. And the lights that accentuates the place, makes this place overall breathtaking.Just one less star. This one star was my one true disappointment. Trust me I have been to many coffee joints, I always order a chai tea latte as I like to compare. Of course Sambalatte focus' on coffee. But they serve tea here but can't deliver it in latte form. Really heartbroken. But then I tried the caramel latte along with a chocolate coffee cake. Presentation is sweet and simple. But when I tried the latte, it was a little disappointing. Being a coffee connoisseur, I like my espresso strong with a hint of sweetness. It was weaker than brittle. the milk tasted watered down. Yikes.  hopefully it tastes better next time, as i will be back.P.s. Hopefully the business starts to incline so we can have this place open a little later. 10pm is standard. But sometimes people need late night study caves.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,2/28/2011,222,164,3,11,9>Maybe it's because it's dipped nearly 20 degrees in the last week in Vegas, but I seriously think it's brrrrrr cold!!  When it's cold, I think of any food that's warm and cozy (ramen, chicken noodle soups, jigae, beef stews, pho, cinnamon rolls).  Soyo sure fits right into the warm and cozy because they offer all kinds of Korean comfort food.  We enjoyed...1.  starchy potato pancakes - Might I say even more enjoyable than the kimchi pancakes?2.  seafood soondubu - It's got a combination of tangy, spicy and warm your belly goodness!3.  chicken wings in special sauce - these are some mutant wings!  they are gi-normous!  delicious.4.  dolsot bi bim bap - this totally hit the spot for the windy days this past weekend.  it was hot.  not spicy hot, but HOT in a stone pot!  i love how this dish is always presented in a hot stone pot, but soyo really does it right.  The mix of rice, veggies, and beef comes out seriously sizzling, so when you go to toss it with the sauce, you have to really dig in to scrape the now crispy rice membrane at the bottom.  for those crispy rice lovers, that is certainly not a bad thing!  chewy, crispy, tasty rice!Conclusion:  Korean comfort food at it's best.p.s.  bomb panchan.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,2/27/2011,144,333,7,9,6>The overall quality of Mexican food in Henderson makes me want to cry.  Most of the decent taquerias are at least several miles away on the east side of Vegas.  And with the exception of the Lindo Michoacan chains in Henderson, I haven't found any food that is Mexican and noteworthy within the town limits. . . That is until Super Burrito opened recently.  Driving down Eastern a few months ago, I suddenly noticed the place were there.  So I stopped in.  And after the first visit, I've kept stopping in and stopping in and stopping in and stopping in. . .  Super Burrito is a top notch taqueria.  They do a great job with the classic burritos-- carne asada and chicken.  Well-prepared meat with delicious beans, rice, cheese, sour cream and guacamole in a nice tortilla.  Each time I order one, I weep for my teenage self who suffered by repeatedly ordering Taco Bell, not knowing what he was missing.If that was all that Super Burrito did, I would give them a solid 3.5 stars, but what pushes them into the four star range are the different sauces and flavors they cook into their meats.  I have fallen in love with their green chile pork.  Spicy and sweet and tender.  It mixes perfectly with warm pinto beans and just makes me happy.  I've also tried the coca-cola pork, which was crispy and interesting, but a little sweet for me.Each time I go in now, I make sure to ask what meats they have in case they offer something new to wow me.  Whether they come up with new offerings or not, Henderson finally has a good taqueria.  And that's something to celebrate.  I have no doubt that the town council will host a parade in Super Burrito's honor right after they have their first taste.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,2/26/2011,50,72,8,8,9>Ahhhhhhhhh... I love the smell of Gun smoke in the afternoon!!!   I am still on a primitive HIGH from the sound, smell and feel of the shotgun in my hands!!  Went here today with my two favorite men and we had a blast blowing away clay pigeons practicing our Trap Shooting skills.  At $4 each a round of 25 on Thursdays it was a FANTASTIC BARGAIN & SO MUCH FLIPPIN' FUN!!  The range itself is HUGE and really well designed with individual booths for each shooting party.  Each booth has 5 stations and each round is 25 shots so that's 5 shots at each station.  There is a speaker at each station and the clay pigeons are released by voice activation.  Plus it doesn't hurt that the view is gorgeous!!  This was, by far, the best experience I have had at a shooting range.This is an AMAZING range with a superb staff!  Everyone is friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and professional.  I know this will be a regular outing for me and my fam.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,2/25/2011,137,378,11,10,9>Five. Five stars for a bar. This is a rare occasion for me!I pulled in and barely noticed the sign. I checked Yelp to check in and noticed 54 reviews. That's how I knew it was going to be a great bar. If this hole of a place had 54 reviews, they've got to be doing something right.It's like... half a dive, half nice bar. The bartenders were super friendly, there was live jazz on stage. I got pulled on stage and tried to fart into the microphone, but was unable to fart on command. Supreme disappointment.They had some incredible beers on tap, and an even larger selection in the back fridge. Over 600 whiskeys too.I'm definitely coming back here with my friends and if you haven't checked it out, you should too.Remember, though, that little game machine sitting in one of the booths will just take your money. It doesn't work! Good trick, Freakin' Frog! Assholes. JK, I love you.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2010,2/24/2011,143,170,13,10,11>Hipsters have laid claim to East Fremont Street (well, one block of it so far), and the Griffin is the hipster flagship.  Biases up front, hipsters are annoying.  As a woman, I am not really a huge fan of men that use more hair product than me or have jeans tighter than mine.  And the Griffin is filled to the brim with these types of boys.But consider what I've just said and notice that I rated the Griffin with four stars.  That's because this bar is one of the few great, cozy lounges in Vegas.  Upholstered booths and benches line the front room, accompanied by two fireplaces.  I love the ambiance of this place.  Dark and warm.  It's the perfect plush cave to retire to for an evening of drinking.  The music is pretty solid too -- a nice mix in the juke box and usually a DJ on the weekends. And the bar is well stocked.  Good whiskey collection (not great, but good enough to bring a smile to your face three different whiskeys into the evening).  The taps are filled with a solid variety of standard quality beer (Guinness, Newcastle) and the usual Pabst nonsense on tap for hipsters who drink for style (seriously everyone, Pabst is nasty.  Hipster boys--if you can afford those tight jeans, you can and should drink better beer).When it gets crowded, the bartenders have a hard time keeping up, but that's true in every bar.  On slower nights or earlier on a weekend evening, the customer service is excellent.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,2/23/2011,43,87,6,13,8>As some of my fellow Yelpers have mentioned, this is one snazzy buffet.  When it came to this review however, I had a long, intense internal debate.  In the scheme of food I have eaten in my life, this buffet certainly is not going to come in win, place or show.  That being said, I felt it only fair to compare it to other buffets and thus my five star ranking.  In many ways if your looking for the best buffet in Vegas when factors like price, setting and options are considered, I might suggest this is #1 in Vegas.I have eaten at Studio B multiple times at all times of the day and have found the food consistent. delicious and with care put into the preparation and presentation.  On weekends, the bounty of seafood that is provided is top notch.  It includes Crab legs (both warm and cold), shrimp and a number of fish options like baked salmon and mahi-mahi.  There are also sushi rolls if you should choose to weigh down your gut with rice.  Meats are rep'd as well and the carving station boasts tri-tip, prime rib, chicken & turkey.  Salad, fruit and other vegetarian options looked and tasted appealing for a carnivore like me....no small feat.  While not a huge desert guy, the pastries and gelato here are fantastic.  Yes you heard me right....gelato!  And not just two flavors either but a full assortment ranging from pistachio to coffee.And then it brings me to my favorite part of the experience............free booze!!!!  For the price of all buffets, draught beer and wine is included.  I know, I know its not fancy beer (Coors Light) or wine but you can drink as much of it as you like.  And believe me when I say after your third glass of beer it really doesn't matter what type of beer is being consumed.Finally, one of the true underrated features of Studio B buffet is the setting.  Arranged in a circular room with the food beginning on the edges and working its way all the way into the middle, this buffet space feels inviting and fun.  Also at the very back is a large panoramic window that overlooks the entire Las Vegas Valley giving great views and a healthy dose of natural light...a rarity in the world of incandescent casinos.Overall Studio B buffet might not knock your socks off but simply by virtue of deciding to patronize a buffet, its clear that culinary excellence is not the most important thing.  In that vein, Studio B is your best choice...much like the 2008 presidential election.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,2/22/2011,295,146,4,8,5>I'm becoming a regular. I want to try all of those FABULOUS TIKI DRINKS!!! The interior takes you someplace tropical even in winter. I especially love the 70's porn-esqe burlesque hula dancing peep show kung foo looping on the bar Televisions, which makes for either conversation or distraction if your date's just not cutting it. The Zombie is incredibly boozy and will put you on your ass, so beware. Personally I love the Fink Bomb which is still boozy but with a hint of coconut to  make for some delicious drinking.Usually I can only handle 2 Tiki drinks before venturing into slurry blurry mode... But no need to worry, bartender Mellow, is always watching out for the ladies ;D
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,2/20/2011,363,113,5,11,7>I'M SURELY COMING BACK! THANKS VIVIAN (manager).  Call her 1st to make an appt and ask questions!.You just can't beat the PRICE.  This was truly my first "chinese massage" and boy let me tell you it was an experience. AND NOOOO NOT A HAPPY ENDING PLACE.  just sayin. That's the daymn first thing everybody asks me. SINCE THEY CLOSE AT 2AM *wink wink*TIPS:I read another review where the client felt like she was getting indian burns.  I can understand that happening.  I wearing a 3/4 fitted long sleeve so she was putting pressure and rubbed over my top.  If I didn't have the sleeves I'm not sure how it would be like.  I had on loose cotton work out pants (thinking they're gonna have to lift it to my knees to soak my feet in water).My boyfriend had LING.  She was recommended by my friend.  The BF said she was good and stronggggggggggg.  He felt that she was real good.I had TINA.  Not too strong, but good sorta deep pressure.  I would recommend making an appt to have the private rooms with 2 massage chairs in the room. I would also request the massage chairs with the breathing holes!  I've read there's some chairs there that don't.  I cannot imagine when being flipped over and face flat on the chair.  I would suffocate. WHAT GOES DOWN:They get a bucket with a plastic  of HOT water with I have no idea what was in it. Once your feet is in they wrap it (i'm guessing) to keep that heat in.You lay back in your comfy lazy boy and reclines all the way down. They do use a lotion that smelled herbal in an asian way (hard for me to explain or compare to).  Note:  they do use a bath towel to aid in the massage.  They have it on top of where they will massage and massage over it.They Massage your head and face.  Then they do this sorta scratching of your scalp.  It was okay. I would rather have a scalp massage.  I don't understand the scratching.  It hurt a little.Then they stand and massage your shoulder and top back, to your hands.They take your feet out of the bucket and do the feet massage.  It was a little drafty and cold.My bf and I bought a 30 min BACK massage.  So they help turn you over.  They did ask if you want to take your shift off.  THE PART THAT TRIPPED ME OUT! :  they get on your back litterally.  They use their body weight and do this technique in using their knees and arms in massaging you.  I would peak and look over to my BF and eyes widened to see this little chinese lady on his back.  Some may like it some don't, but you can really feel the "good" pressure on your back.  I honestly can imagine i being damaging if they don't know what their doing.At the end they serve you hot tea and crackers.  Me and my bf felt they worked hard massaging us.  Way harder then the usual casino spas we go to.We surely left a good tip and will be back again.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/19/2011,239,235,4,7,7>Someone wrote on Yelp.com, "one person can not rely on the reviews of yelp; the individual must try for themselves and make their own conclusion."  I read the reviews for BFG Chicken Strips and was even inspired with all the reviews made by all the members of Yelp.  I made the suggestion to my boss to eat here for lunch and she happily agreed.  Considering we always order to go, I placed a call for pick up.  Towards of the end of the conversation, the cashier over the phone advised me it would be ready in six minutes.  Whoa!  Wait a minute, I'm about a good 15 minutes away!  He was kind enough to tell the cooks to start cooking six minutes before I arrive.  Off I went immediately after I hung up the phone.  Almost there I thought, however I got lost.  Who gets lost in Charleston and Rainbow?  Because I couldn't find the place, I made a few u-turns and finally decided to go towards Home Depot.  Yup, there it was hiding next to Home Depot.  That hardware retail store has a way of keeping any small establishments from being seen on Rainbow Road.Luckily, it wasn't swamped with a ton of people like I thought it would be.  I walked straight in and there were a few people seated and another few lined up to order.  It was awesome how the cashier would talk to each customer as if he's known them for a while.  First names of each customer were said at least three times before they were done ordering.  That's very impressive.  But, that is the difference between a mom and pop's shop and a big corporation fast food chain.  It's more personal.My boss and I ordered the same lunch, #4, Build Your Own!  We decided to get four fried strips, baked Mac and cheese, garlic bread, two sauces, and regular drink all for $5.75 plus tax.  :D  I was excited to take this back to the office and just devour it as the aroma was teasing me and calling out my name.As soon as I got back to the office, we sat down and I just delved in as though I hadn't eaten in a month. What can I say?  I love to pig out.  To describe my meal:  A swirl of rainbows just came over me as I bit in to the chicken strip.  The breading was so lightly crisp and the meat was just so tender; the seasoning, was just right.  It didn't even need sauce, but I got the BFG sauce which is like a Thousand Island dressing with more zest to it and Ranch.  Mmmmm... you are just so yummy!  I'm still imagining it right now.  The baked Mac and cheese was heavenly too with gooey cheese of awesomeness!  That garlic bread was one of the best garlic breads I've had with lots of flavor and the right texture when biting in to it.  I'm closing my eyes as I'm typing this and reminiscing Tuesday's lunch.  My boss even said, "Good call on lunch!"  Yup, I got brownie points that day.  Thank you BFG!  Now I have to figure out what to eat for lunch today.  I hope it'll be equal or top this lunch.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,2/18/2011,379,224,9,35,17>Drove across town to fulfill my corned beef hash craving at this place. Because of all those remarkable "Yelp" comments on their corned beef hash, I could not get this place off my mind! Not only that, corned beef hash is my #1 preferred breakfast dish!!!Corned Beef Hash and Eggs: NO Question, the Best Corned Beef Hash I've ever had to date!! They crisp up the top and bottom of the corned beef hash serving which added a very nice subtle touch of texture and the meat inside stayed juicy, tender and tasty as can be! The portion was also Generous! The accompanied fried potatoes were far from dry, simple and delicious!French Toast - "Jamms Style" = corn flake breaded/crusted: 4 Thick half slices of toast that were a little crunchy, a little sweet and had a nicely executed spongy consistency. Add some of their softened butter and drizzle some maple syrup over the bits of powdered sugar.. Yummm!!Pot of Bread: Thanks Yelp for the complimentary/special offer!  Extra Fresh, Extra Soft and Plainly Divine Roll of Bread!! Worth the Drive, Server was Very Nice and Enthusiastic, Prices were Fair and the atmosphere felt like how it should be!! APPROVED!!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/9/2011,2/17/2011,99,79,4,6,5>I would give this place a 3.5 if I could, but there's no option for it.  Upon entering this place, I did get more a crowded and intense fast paced feeling rather than a homey breakfast feeling.  The wait for a table was 5-10 mins which I thought was good, considering they were slammed with a bunch of families.  Once being seated I read the menu thoroughly, just so I would get something I liked rather than something I'd hate.  After a good 5 mins our waitress came out and gave us our drinks, she then returned later to take our order.  I thought that her knowledge about the food was a little less than pleasing.  I asked about the holladaise sauce and she didn't know hot describe it other than it was yellow. Hmmmm, I wasn't too please there so I ordered something I was familiar with. Orders were: Monte Cristo - Turkey, ham, cheese, and bread dipped in french toast batter and fried to a crisp.  It was very interesting, it came with syrup and 2 sides of either hash browns or seasoned potatoes and eggs.  Although the concept was interesting, I thought it was ok.  It was a weird combination and it did go together, but it's something I probably wouldn't try again.  Biscuits and Gravy - Biscuits served with gravy, the name says it all.  The biscuits were really soft and the consistency of it with the gravy did compliment each other well. Oddly though, I prefer the biscuits and gravy at South Point's Coronado Cafe.  Now that says a lot, especially since that's not voted Best of Las Vegas.  The gravy was ok, there were meats here in there, but it did taste a little watered down.  There were a lot of other things that I did want to try, but it didn't seem as interesting.  I'd probably return here cause the service was good, and the seating was fast.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,2/16/2011,168,368,4,5,5>This place rocks my socks. PROS: Coffee, beer, wine, food. Vintage feel, shops the back, your choice of music on record player (yes VINYL). Service was great. Atmosphere is to my liking. Staff was friendly. CONS: (blank) After a night of doing research at the Bridal Spectacular inside Cashman Center, my husband found this place as he was waiting for me to complete my mini-adventure and I joined him right after. As I walked up to the entrance, I hear a voice "Can I please see your ID?" I see a man, nice guy who calls himself 'Big D', asking me for my ID. I was really thrown off since my husband tells me this is a coffee shop, so if it is, why am I being carded??? Come to find out, they serve alcohol after 7pm. Alcohol?! SCORE! It was close to 9pm and my caffeine sensitive booty wasn't really looking forward to drink something that would keep me up all night, thank the Lord for creating this place. Their menu is on the wall by the cashier and it's a pretty nice variety of stuff, not just coffee. Draft beer selection was limited but they had something similar to what I like, their equivalence of Sierra Nevada = Firestone. YUMMY. Got to come back to try the eats.It's an awesome place if you're into threads, music and arts if the vintage kind. They have a record player hooked up to the sound system in the place. Anyone can pick and play whatever songs they want, just grab them off the shelf, put the record on the player, have a seat and enjoy! In the back they have different areas or rooms where they sell arts, records, clothing, books and stuffs. They were closed while I was there so I hope to return and check it out in the day time. Restrooms are clean. It's genius how they're put in the back so that you walk past the shops and displays. I was staring at everything, this was my candy shop.I loved the seating choice of husband that night. We took the corner window seats and it was quite an entertaining night especially when we saw two guys outside pushing carts with what looked like copper, more than likely stolen, lol. Man, interesting things that happen in downtown Las Vegas! It's a great place to hang out, study, have a meeting or even a first date. I will absolutely, most definitely return.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,2/15/2011,126,151,4,6,6>DINO'S...Probably the best place in Vegas to karaoke and watch people. Not even the karaoke regulars or singers, but everyone in that place.Also a top destination if you are interested in joining conga lines in awkwardly shaped dive bars.You've got pool, beer pong, karaoke, or just sitting and watching. Either way, guaranteed good time. Drinks are fairly cheap and the crowd is random. Yes, there is only one restroom for ladies and the line can be long Fridays or Saturdays. It's worth it though. Just hold it in girls. Dino's makes you think of a circus that you kind of just sit in the middle of. It's beautiful. Just go and experience it for yourself.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,2/14/2011,213,80,8,15,10>This is my review of 'Beijing Chinese Cuisine' (as other yelper mentioned before),,,the one right next to Sin City Sushi :P I am very pleased to write this review(even though it's past my bed time-.-;;;;) I FINALLY found a great place to taste Korean-Chinese cuisine in town. I've been tried so many different places in the past but I couldn't find the one that has the genuine taste of Korean-Chinese dishes in Las Vegas. I was highly recommended this place by good friend of mine to try some Jjamppong, Jjajangmyun, and Mandu! Growing up in Korea, I have early memories of eating Jjamppong, Jjajangmyun, & Mandu all the tme. It was a ubiquitous dish, not to mention cheap. Occassionally, my family had ordered it for delivery, the delivery man would carry the food in a big tin box with handles, on a motorcycle :P The noodles came in actual bowls, so after finish eating our delicious meal, we'd have to put the dirty dishes outside by the door(usually don't need to wash the bowls for them), so that the delivery man could come back for it later to pick up. I assume this is no longer the case in the State, haha :D Some people might ask,"What is Korean-Chinese Cuisine?" Well, it is originated from traditional Chinese dishes but has been influenced by local ingredients in Korea. Because of the closeness in place, most Korean-Chinese dishes are traced from Northern styles of Chinese cuisine such as Beijing, Tianjin, and Shandong cuisine and these three are the best known regional cuisines of Northern China. Korean-chinese cuisine was born when Chinese immigrants settled in Korea in the 19th century, and 2005 marked the 100th anniversary of this popular dishes, according to wikipedia :) Ok,, now the highlights of K-C dishes~ ---Jjamppong(a spice noodle soup flavored with all the vegetables, Seafood, meat, & chilly oil): You can ask a server how spice you want from mild to very spicy :) It was a perfect right amount of spiciness and rich flavor of the broth. OMG!! ---Jjajangmyun(a steamed noodle in black bean sauce, with diced pork, onion, potato, & garlic,,serves with cucumber pieces on top): not salty at all, all the ingredients were blended well together and gave a perfect taste of Jjajangmyun! ---Mandu(home made pork dumpling or goyza :P, either boiled-Mul-Mandu, steamed-Jjin-Mandu, grilled or fried-Gun-Mandu): I recommend these dishes to try with a dipping sauce of soysauce and vinegar that you can easily find on the table. I tried their Jjin-Mandu. I really loved their Mandu!!!  It was a real homemade dumpling that my mom and grandma would make it back home. It seemed like they put right amount of pork, cabbage, onion, garlic, scallion, Korean leek, clear noodle, tofu, & etc,. As might be expected, it came with pickled radish (with a splash of vinegar) and kimchi, yay The people next to me, they were looking at my Jjajangmyun and asked what I was having...All of a sudden, they put aside their menus and ended up getting the same dishes as mine. I was glad that they also loved their dishes admitting first time trying out Korean-Chinese Cuisine for them. The owner came by the table a couple of times and was very friendly. According to her story, she is a main chef and now she has been teaching her son to be a good chef of Korean-Chinese cuisine :) If you eager to have K-C cuisine that you usually tried back home or simply you are craving for some good K-C cuisine, go for it!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,2/13/2011,151,137,7,8,9>This Place earns a solid 5 stars on food, 3 stars on atmosphere, and 4 stars on service, so I'm giving it 4 stars...and here are the details.We went late on a wednesday for the AYCE Tapas, the special is pretty hard to beat, you can have anything from their menu, you get to order 2 plates at a time and once you finish, you can order 2 more, however if there is anything left uneaten you have to pay menu price for the items (like many AYCE sushi places).The atmosphere is pretty good, it's dark and trendy, my major complaint was that the music was really really loud, and the selection sucked, in a place like Hard Rock with a solid music selection, the techno/pop crap they were playing at eleventy billion decibels was out of place.My only major complaint with the service is that longer we were seated, the longer it took to bring out our food, I don't know what was going on but our first plates came out almost immediatley, however with each passing order it seemed like it took longer.I would strongly recommend bringing a friend so you can try a lot more food, share some bites and eat your way through most of the menu.Beer Cheese Dip- (4th Fav) This was our first plate, the dip tasted a lot like the beer cheese you get from the store, but had bacon in it, the pretzel sticks were soft and chewey but could have used a little more salt, however it was a great starterSmalls Balls- (2nd Fav) One of my favorite items on the menu, it reminds me a lot of Arancini, risotto, short ribs, and Parmesan. Not as rich as Arancinis I've had before, which was actually a good thing, I will be having these again.High Rollerz- (3rd Fav) Smoked Mozzarella, Serrano Ham, and Pesto, served in taquito style rolls. You can really taste the Serrano ham and the smoked mozzarella, A great small bite, a little crispy in the wrapper, but all in all really good.Thanksgiving Dinner Sliders- First off thier "sliders" are more closer to a small hamburger than a slider per say. They are bigger than your average slider and come 2 to an order. I was thinking this would be like a bobby from capriotti's however it was quite different, the first bite was mainly over powered by butter that was served on them, the rest of it tasted like a turkey burger covered in sage, it was good, but I couldn't taste the cranberries or the stuffing.Jack and Coke- (my Fav) no this isn't the drink, it's skewered beef that has been marinated in a combo of Jack and Coke, it thought it sounded a little odd, but it was hands down the best thing I ate, just enough seasoning from the marinade but not too much to over power the delicious meat.Pizza Pops- (least Fav) I was really looking forward to this item, imagine if a muffin and a pizza roll had a baby, what could be wrong??? Well pretty much everything was. The muffin was doughy, the "toppings" were decent but not great, the marinara served on the side was Ice Cold, I was really disappointed in these, possibly me least favorite item of the evening.Surf and Turf- Lobster and Filet on a skewer, great idea, vanilla butter sauce...not so much, it was odd eating a nice tender piece of filet and having the overwhelming taste of vanilla in your mouth, it worked better with the lobster, but was still an odd combo, may work for some people, not so much for me.Mac and Cheese Daddy- Sliders served with Fried Mac and Cheese on them. Balls of deep fried mac and cheese served on a slider bun with tomato and arugula. I love sliders and I love any thing deep fried, however these were just carb overload, I really liked the idea, but the execution was missing something.Chicken and Waffles- Fried chicken drummettes, maple glazed waffle fries, and southern style white gravy. The Waffle fries were amazing, the maple glaze and the saltiness of the fries worked well together, I really like them. The chicken was good, a tad too crispy for me, but none the less still good, and when dunked in the gravy got an added pepper flavor that made it even better.Tuna Sashimi- I am not really a huge Sashimi fan, but this was really good, the tuna was fresh, and the slice was just the right size. The sauce was flavorful and not over powering. Not the world's greatest but still a very solid offering.Shorty- Braised short ribs, there were really good, 3 small slices of perfectly seasoned short ribs. Meaty and delicious.Tempura Fried Green Beans- It's hard to mess this up, crispy and delicious, but I wasn't a fan of the Thai Chile sauce accompaniment.Meaty Balls- Good meatballs, a little dry but still really good.Fish Tacos- I didn't try these, my buddy liked them.So Beefy- These were under the beef menu, but were sliders. Good slice of filet and Pancetta, I ate it outside of the bun, and liked it, didn't really work as a slider.Grilled PB&J- Chunky PB :(, but still a good end to the meal.sorry to cut the last reviews short, but I was hitting the character limit...Didn't know yelp had one
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,2/12/2011,400,1236,4,6,5>We came here after a fun night downtown with friends. We wandered in and decided we wanted to get our hands on the the infamous $5.99 Prime Rib dinner.The cafe is pretty clean and modern. Much nicer than I would expect from this place. We sat down and were immediately greeted by our server for our drink order. Service was fast and friendly and I was very impressed by the place at first glance. We were about to order the Prime Rib dinner but then the Steak and eggs caught all of our eyes and we decided to go with that instead. It was about 10:40pm, this matters because the Steak and Eggs aren't available until 11. Our server told us he'd take care of us and not make us wait until 11, awesome.The food was pretty good and it was cooked exactly to order. Our server was attentive with refills and getting us everything we needed to enjoy our meals. A meal for four for under $25, can't beat that. Definitely a better than expected experience here! I'll be back for sure!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,2/11/2011,606,96,9,14,14>I crave Tom Yum Soup every time I get sick... and so I went out in my quest to find it. Not only did I discover a new hole in a wall place, but I have to say is my new favorite place for this particular soup.The location is a hit and miss.. You can barely read anything that says Thai Restaurant, but instead look for Noodle House... you'll have a better chance in finding it. Even parking was bizarre to me... you can park in the back alley, but I prefer somewhat of a parking lot... so I parked a few blocks down and walked over.The place itself is tiny.. nothing fancy, maybe a bit run down, but they had a flat screen to watch some T.V. and posted up new items specials on the wall to read. I ordered their Thai Style Tom Yum House Soup ($6.50) which had slices of fish cake, fish balls, ground and slice pork, shrimp and chose flat noodles which I love!!! Something about the thin fat noodles that makes it so much more enjoyable.. Absolutely loved this combination. I also requested to add extra sliced garlic... and even though the server looked at me like whoa are you serious... I told her I was sick and needed the extra garlic to help me get well. Then she understood and added it on. She even sprinkled fried bits of garlic on top to finish it off. How sweeeeet!!!When the soup came... boy was it in a huge bowl. I was so delighted and happy to see such a generous portion given to little ol' me. Yes I blinked a few times out of excitement and joy to see this beauty of Tom Yum unfold before my very own eyes... the colors were beautiful and vibrant. Almost like looking through a warm sunset in Laguna Beach... Okay okay enough of day dreaming... but this soup was enticing to just look at and the aroma of sourness and spiciness just flowed all through my senses.. giving me this watery gulp of happiness. One sip and I was in LOooove. I literally said Aaaaaaaaaaaah. *sighed on how good this tasted. I mean the elements of tangy and spicy hit the right notes and everything blended ever so nicely. The pork meat was tender, fish cake and balls were soft and fluffy, and the flat noodles I can't stop raving about. I literally took half of the soup home and ate it twice throughout my day. It was still delicious and the flavor was still consistent to how it tasted at the restaurant. The only thing I would point out.. especially if you love shrimp... I only had one in my entire soup. Maybe it wasn't suppose to be in there... or it only comes with one lol Oh and I ordered some hot tea... which was Jasmine Tea and it was gooooood!!! I mean it almost had a light vanilla hint to it, but right when I was down to my last cup... the kind, attentive server asked if I would like more... and so I finished two tea pots of that delicious tea. I enjoyed sitting there by myself... drinking this tea for the enjoyment of having it. Great stuff....Overall, I will definitely recommend anybody to check this place out.. I was very pleased and felt 100x better after eating there. I even thought about eating there the next day!!! I'm going to be a regular... since this is my new Thai/Chinese restaurant that I can't get enough of. Maybe I'll even see you there :)*11/10/10I actually did eat there the next day LOL (Today) Lily I hope I spelled her name right.. served me again and this time it was for takeout. She recognized me on the spot and said... OOooh you're back!!! I told her I loved the soup and my body wanted more. Ordered the same as yesterday... Tom Yum House Soup... with extra sliced garlic. She even asked me if I wanted some hot tea to go while I wait... that tea was so good so of course I said yes!!! She even asked if I wanted it refilled before I go... how nice is that?!??! I told her I was sick and their soup was the cure for me... She sked me what my name was and before leaving suggest next time to order the original Tom Yum to help my sickness since it's more stronger. Lily wanted to introduce me to the lady chef that made my soup for me... and not me but She wanted to thank me for enjoying the soup she made. I thanked her for making it sooooo good!!! So good I had to come back the next day!! And that never happens... sometimes when you're sick... your body tells you what it needs... and sometimes you have to be your own bf/gf to your soul and feed it. I literally drove myself down there in traffic hours to get that soup. Yes my soul was determined :)  Great service, food, and price. It's a must try!!!*11/15/10Went for lunch and had their Spicy Eggplant and sticky rice w/ mango dessert which completed my meal. Lily, my favorite server... greeted me by name and welcomed me back. She was so attentive and remembered my request of extra garlic and put some fresh garlic slices on the side for me and got me my favorite hot tea in a flash. The Spicy Eggplant was delicious.. it's sauteed with bell pepper, white onion, Thai chili, and basil with the choice of pork, chicken, or beef... I chose chicken which was tender and juicy
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2010,2/10/2011,203,164,7,9,7>I'm a NY's pizza fan over Chigaco's. I like to eat my pizzas with my hands not with a knife and fork. I like my pizzas served on a thin paper plate because I like it to absorb the oil. So when I found out another Rocco's exist out there and I must say it's definitely better than Rocco's on Charleston (yelp.com/biz/roccos-ny-p). Simple reason, this place offers tons of varieties. It's a whole deli of goodness and specialties. Not only do they have Rocco's scrumptious variety slices, there are pastas, salads, and sandwiches offered here. You want chicken cutlets on top of your pie? You got it! See anything else in the deli counter you like on your pie? Just tell them to put it on! I travel to this farther Rocco's really because of the service. A pump fist and a slice pie goes a long way in my book.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,2/9/2011,664,612,9,12,9>Blair will not approve of this review :)For the high-carb lover...*blush* you can trek over to Cugino's.  This is a family-owned Italian grocery and restaurant with pastas, antipasti, homemade pizza, Boars Head meats, deli sandwiches, eggplant parmesan, you name it.I have a particular fondness for their bread.  They look like mini loaves of baguette, and they are served warm.  Holy (@$)*% once I ordered three to go and thought I would share them with coworkers but I ate them all walking back to my office!!!  They also have yummy garlic knots!Today was a particularly stressful day - I was up til 3AM typing a paper, then got up early for work of course and felt like I deserved something yummy for lunch.  Cugino's has arancini - fried risotto balls stuffed with cheese rolled in seasoned breadcrumbs, served hot with marinara sauce.  WHOA, right?!  I added a mini baguette thingy and wa-la!  Carbilicious!These are super delicious, very different from the truffled ones at Ferraro's (those are more refined of course, and smaller).  I had 2 of these and that was plenty.  yum yum yum they only make a certain amount per day so I better not tell you any more of my noshing secrets :)  Oh yeah and the whole meal cost me under $4.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,2/8/2011,446,223,14,13,7>Oh no, my wife was in a wedding recently and about a week prior she tried on her Bridesmaid dress and it was too big... I offered to duct tape it like any good husband would and she said no like any good wife would. So I remembered Michael P. Recommending them for any alterations that I may have and he mentioned they are very very fast. So once Becky got over my Duct tape offer we headed to go see Lynh..... They measured her up, made the marks and said see you in two days!! I could not believe that it would be done that fast. As I waited for her I spotted the famous iPhone repair station her husband has set up in there, it was like a modern days Johnny 5 construction going on in there, he has stuff all over the place in there but in the 10 minutes we spent in there he had 2 happy customers come in and out so here's to you iPhone repair man!!!Whether you need your pants hemmed or your phone fixed this is the place to have it done.... If they are out of warranty already of coarse
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/23/2010,2/7/2011,292,759,5,9,7>I'll be the first to admit that when it comes to food I have a little bit of OCD. I live to eat and plan my day accordingly. When my coworker suggests we go to Nora's Wine Bar for lunch, I'm on their website at 9:30 AM plotting carefully what I'm going to order, salivating over the delicious list of food. I came in with mind made up - the lamb chops ($12.50) or the grilled chicken thighs ($9.50). We show up and not only is the menu ridiculous (a leather menu?!), but it has no descriptions and it's COMPLETELY different from the website menu found here (noraswinebar.com/lunch.p ). Hey Nora's, we're in the internet age - keep your website up to date!I settled on the ribeye ($17), my coworkers got the chicken milanese and the salmon with pasta. We started with some bacon wrapped dates. Dates were tasty but can't compete with FireFly. Salmon eating coworker seemed happy, chicken eating coworker was disappointed (the chicken milanese at regular nora's is WAY better), and my ribeye was fabulous. I was pretty bummed when they showed up with diced up ribeye, but it was legit. It was cooked medium-rare as requested (no easy feat on diced meat) and I was happy with the microgreen salad despite how heavy on the dill it was. A delicious filling lunch, but for $17 it should be!They'd get 4 stars for the tasty ribeye, but the service was atrocious! The restaurant was packed and they had 1 waiter. Ridiculously under staffed. I look forward to trying them again - hopefully they hire some more staff in the meantime and fix their website !
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,2/6/2011,93,649,4,10,8>After reading numerous reviews on Yelp about Bachi Burger I was finally in the area around lunch time so I stopped in for a to-go order. The reviews on Yelp made it clear that Bachi Burger had two areas they could improve in: Service and speed. Since I was on my lunch break I didn't have all day to wait for my order, so I asked how long it would take before I even looked at the menu. 10-15 minutes is what I was told by a pretty friendly employee.I decided to get Kiki's Burger, sweet potato fries and a cantaloupe milk tea with boba... Total was a little under $20, isn't Micky D's that's for damn sure! My drink was made immediately and it was so tasty, my first cantaloupe milk tea definitely will not be my last! My food really did take 10-15 minutes. No complaints at all on the service, I was treated respectfully and they got me on my way pretty quickly.Kiki's Burger comes with cheese, two types of mushrooms, bacon, an onion marmalade that was nice and sweet and a sauce on the side that I did not bother with. It was cooked perfectly, medium as I was told they recommended it. What a great combination of flavors! I would absolutely order this again. The real standout was the sweet potato fries though. I shared some with my co-worker because I know how much she likes sweet potato fries and she told me that these were "Off the hook, best she ever had". I agree with her. So I'm not sure about some of these negative reviews. Has Bachi Burger stepped their game up in recent months? Did I happen to go at the right day and time? Or were people just too critical? Not sure, I think I will need to go back to Bachi Burger again to find out.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2011,2/5/2011,515,99,9,15,10>Single & ready to mingle...?After knowing how much time the crowd waited in line to get into this nightclub, I think everyone had that mindset "What ever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas."This place by far, has the most social-able, friendly, go-getter crowd I have ever experienced in comparison to other lively nightclubs. (It might of been just this night)Maybe the outdoor scenery with plenty of cabana seatings or the unique large lamp shaped heaters around the breezy opened area or the (Thunder Women) show above the dance floor, made an influence to the crowds attitude... Haha, but with every nightclub, there are some down points to mention...For instance, this club was said to be one of the biggest clubs, maybe cause of the extended walking paths to the restrooms, dance floor, entrance to the club made this place seem wide and bigger. I say, that was my down fall of this club! Waiting in a 2 hour line around the edges of Marquee, soon to enter another line into the elevators heading above into the club, first seeing a bar and deciding which path to take (outdoor, indoor) then asking for directions to the restroom, walking a mile back into the small dance floor... Is just too overwhelming to imagine. Right? (I felt sorry for the ladies)Overall experience:_Must at least come once for the experience_Be prepared for getting around the area with its long walk-ways_Need to enjoy the whack ecstasy music _Enjoy the unforgettable outdoor area_Get ready to mingle since this place isn't really happening..."Who's counting?" (inside joke ;P)
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,2/4/2011,64,304,4,12,6>Curse you Anthony M for not sharing this place sooner!!Never did i know that the Silverton contained such a gem. Their happy hour deal is a dream come true. Going to go into my style of describing everything i rememberDrinksManhattan- Completely agree with Ken M that this drink is potent. Boozy yet has a very nice flavorful sweetness from the marmalade and honey mix.Dragon's Eye- Wasnt too impressed with this one. They pureed lychees as a main ingredient but it lacked a lychee taste which was what i was expecting. To me this kind of tasted a bit like orange sherbert.Tiramisu Martini - Wow! Tastes like a boozy version of the classic cake! Epic Winz!TapasMeatballs- The sauce is rather pleasant but the meatballs themselves were nothing to write home about. I'd skip out on this one next timeCalamari- Some good stuff! the sauce is balanced perfectly and the squid bits were big and meaty with light flavorful breadingStuffed Peppers- Quite nice, the same cheese is used in the stuffed mushrooms. The balance from the sweetness of the roasted peppers and the savoriness of the cheese pair very well. Stuffed Mushrooms- White button mushrooms stuffed with cheese then topped with another cheese. Epic Win.Bacon Wrapped Stuffed Dates- Holy...Dude....These things...Wooo...Order two of them cause they're divine. Bacony, chewy, with a sweet finish. The blue cheese is good tooSpicy Red Potatos- Reminds me of cajun tuna or albacore cept with potatoes instead of lightly seared fish Bacon Wrapped Shrimp- Shrimp? No this place dont use shrimp...The use Prawns. Big ol prawns wrapped in bacon. Cant go wrong with that.Appetizers off main menuCrab Cakes- Divine absolutely divine. The butter sauce is quite nice and the cakes themselves are flaky with crab meat.Shrimp Cocktail- WHOA!! The prawns are back!! Again giant meaty prawns with house made cocktail sauce. The prawns lay on a bed of jellied cocktail sauce and thin slices of candied lemon. SuperbThink i found a new hangout spot.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/18/2010,2/3/2011,161,172,4,9,5>Burger's good.  I wouldn't claim it's the best in town, but its a quality burger for sure.  To each of their own? I think it had a hint of mustard in it?  Comes with fries.Burgers are only available in the lounge.  My sis and I had the prefix meal.  She opted for the house salad which was the same side salad that came with the burger.  I had the caesar salad.  The dessert would be my most favorite part of the meal.   Chewy soft baked Snickerdoodle Cookies with a creamy Butterscotch Pudding.  My sis loves me and let me finished hers yayy lolService was attentive.  Don't eat here if you're on a rush.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,2/2/2011,172,155,4,7,5>If I give Draft House Big Dogs 5 stars, the Big Dogs on Sahara deserves a 4 star review at least.  The beer is brewed at the Draft House location on Rancho, but its just as fresh here.  In fact, when the special brews run out at the Draft House, you can often find them here or at the Nellis location for another week or two.The bar food is good too.  The menu is slightly different, but pretty much the same as the Draft House.  The only thing is that sometimes the restaurant has slow service on weekends.  This never used to be a problem, but lately when I have gone it has been.  However, after a few Dirty Dog IPA's, this is easily forgiven.  Try the cheese curds, and the philly cheese steak sandwich.  The fries are awesome too.  Overall, this smaller version of the Draft House has the best beer brewed in Las Vegas (at their Rancho location), and pretty darn good bar food.  This is a regular hang out for me and my coworkers.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,2/1/2011,580,394,10,9,8>Took my mom out for a shopping trip and since we were near Thelma's, I figured my mom would love it. AND SHE DID!She, literally, wanted to order the whole left side of the menu. She had 4 item mix plate AND we still ordered food (oxtail, chicken long rice, fried fish) for home. My mom said: "You have to take me here every week!" Oh gawd, what have I created.Another great thing about this restaurant is the service. They are so friendly and helpful and funny. Like they're family =)And FYI - if you're mail is late, the mail ppl are prolly having lunch at Thelma's cuz, I SWEAR, I saw like 5 postal service trucks parked outside.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,1/31/2011,432,184,9,14,10>Carlito's is the B-O-M-B. I am such a fan of this place and then some. I have been here time and time again and not once been disappointed in the food. The prices are beyond reasonable and the service is decent.I have inhaled several items on the menu and here is how the rank on the medal stand:1. Nachos- Insane! Number 1 in town! I want them in my belly right now!2. Enchiladas- Yes, you are pretty too, Miss Enchiladas. (Get it with green sauce)3. Tamales- excellent4. Tacos- Yes, pleaseThey serve beer and margaritas and my favorite Horchata-drink of the Gods!!! I cannot say enough wonderful things about Carlitos. Only negative is the space itself is tiny and because the food is out of this world you might have to wait a few minutes and get it to go. It's worth it. One bite and you will be addicted to it, too!
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,1/30/2011,1110,542,7,13,11>ALOHA LAS VEGAS yelpers!just moved to Las Vegas and I found myself craving Hawaiian food!Found I.F. on yelp and got super excited!Called in my order and picked it up.I had the mix plate- pork/kalbi, kona coffee mud pie, and shoyu poke.It was my guys 1st time having hawaiian food so I talked him into getting the hamburger steak. I grab 4 spam musubi's at the counter.We loved the food! I'll def come back for more! Take out or dine in. casual. indoor seating.Big serving! My whole order came out to around $50 fpr 2 people.If you love Hawaiian food, stop by Island Flavor!Aloha!- Miss Yelp 2011
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,1/29/2011,364,129,8,15,15>Cosmopolitan is an absolute stunning hotel and casino. The resort is so different from the other hotels on the strip. Cosmo brings sophistication and edge together creating new experiences for travelers and locals!Before even entering the resort, we were blown away with the parking garage. Yes, I said parking garage! Each floor had there own murals done by professional artists. One of my favorites was the OBEY mural. These are perfect for paparazzi shots with friends. Aside from that, which I find unique is the censored parking lights. Each stall has its own censor above showing either a red or green light. Red meaning: occupied, taken, unavailable or your shit out of luck. Green meaning: open, open... hurry its open! You get the drift. Pure brilliance. How convenient is that to not have to drive repeatedly in every row stalking people for their parking spots. Just look for a green light and thats it. However, there could be some mishaps where other cars race you to the punch. Kinda seems like a musical chairs game but in this case cars trying to get in a stall. The interior design inside the resort is amazing. At the registration area, there are pillars that shows video art changing from water bubbles to patterns. For gaming, I've seen some tables such as Roulette, light up on the numbers that were chosen rather than the dealer having to place an item on it.  Now I've been to a lot of nice bars and lounges on the strip, but the 3-story Chandelier bar inside the Cosmo, blows everything else out of the water. It's centered in the casino making it like the heart of the resort. Its so beautiful. All I can just do is stare at the masterpiece. I cannot imagine the hard work put into that with all the glass beads. On the second level, you will find retail and a few restaurants. On the third level, it has more fine dining restaurants. One thing I love and also could be a useful tip about the third level, there is a "game area" for all ages to hang out at. Forget those cheesy ghetto arcades, they have board games like Monopoly, Mancala. etc. Best of all is the pool table! Seriously? That is awesome. There are a lot of unmarked places in here that needs to be reviewed so I will definitely be coming back soon. Plus, I was always a big fan of the Cosmopolitan drinks and for the name to be branched out into a resort just got even better. "A cosmo drink in a cosmo suite!" xD
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,1/28/2011,563,342,7,5,5>I was afraid that I would have to wait a few hours to get into this place.  Just went here last night with a friend around 6:30pm and we were seated right away.  Awesome!  But then again, there were larger groups of people who were still waiting outside, so maybe it's a good idea to come in smaller groups!  It was also Labor Day.We ordered the following items:1 lb. of shrimp1 lb. of craw fisha couple ears of corn eachSweet potato friesand we had this in the "mild" hot n juicy sauce.Boy was it NOT mild.  It was super hot!  But it was so good.  The sauce was best paired with the craw fish.  The juice from the shrimp does not take as well, but if you peel the shrimp and then plunge the entire body into the sauce in the bag, then you are good to go with the awesome hot n juicy and very garlicky flavor.  You must love butter, you must love garlic, and you must be able to handle spicy.  This place is pretty good, and comparable to Boiling Crab in the Bay Area, maybe even better in my opinion.  I have to go back and check as I've only been there once.  Not sure this would be a good date night, but I like a man who can take in some spice.  I find it very flattering!  So why not, bring your date here, see if he can pass the hot test!  You will have fun with the interactive eating, and the get down and dirty environment; bibs and all!  YUM!  I'll be back here soon, once I get this garlic and seafood smell off me for awhile.  It certainly sticks to your clothes so don't bother going out after eating here!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2010,1/27/2011,563,825,11,14,11>I'm becoming a Panang addict. I have to try it wherever I go. Tonight was no exception. After reading Anthony M's ROTD, I figured this would be a good place to take my Dad for a little birthday dinner with my brother.Panang Avocado with Salmon. Doesn't that just sound awesome? Well it wasn't mind-blowing, but it was pretty good. Honestly, I still prefer Archi's Panang overall, but I love the fact that it comes with ample large chunks of salmon and avocado. It's kind of a perfect little marriage. You take some salmon and avocado in with your rice on each spoonful. The combination works swimmingly.As it turns out, my Dad no longer eats spicy food. Fortunately, there are plenty of options for him. He ended up going with the Seafood Wonton soup. It looked delicious and had plenty of seafood. I like the uber-wide bowl they use to serve the soup. My brother went with the Yellow Curry with Tofu. I didn't ask him how it was, but he seemed to enjoy it.As a side note, it was strange that the place was basically empty when we got there, but within minutes, the place was full. It's like after we sat down, a constant stream of customers just kept walking in until all the tables filled up. Also, I found the TV programming to be interesting. I used to love home improvement shows and seeing an Asian version was definitely entertaining.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,1/26/2011,212,67,8,10,7>I saw Misty's review and thought, "5 stars...really Misty?" My wife says, "Go check it out. Misty's a girl-she knows." (which is code for women are always right) The shop is right on Charleston Blvd in a little strip mall. The exterior of the shop is nothing fancy. The minute you walk in, you notice a good selection of donuts in a case as well as the iron bars that surround them. The iron bars are probably a necessity 1st and then decoration 2nd. Their shop is located on E. Charleston and N 30th Street...I used to work at a production studio a few blocks down from them. Yes, its a kind of rough-ish area, but don't let that scare you off in search of the best of the best....I've seen worst areas in Hawaii, you know the place-mai tai's, sandy beaches, & palm trees.As for the donuts I picked up a dozen mixed donuts for about $8.50...that's cheap but I have to confess that I was with my daughter and I believe we got the cute girl discount. Good thing she looks like her mother or we might be paying extra LOL!! BTW she walked out with a free chocolate sprinkles donut. We got home and my wife took a bite out of a regular glaze and she looked at the donut, then at the box and says, "Wow these are good, much better then Triendly's and Donald's (the names have been changed to protect their identity)." Those words got my attention double quick, so I took a bite and I have to agree with them. It was good, it was fluffy-ER, the glaze didn't flake off, and even the next day it was still good- even the glaze held up, it didn't melt. We also had chocolate glazed, sugar, maple bars, sprinkles...the usual suspects. They were all good, but it was the fluff of the glazed donuts that did it for us.i'm a donut snob and I have my favorite places...All I can say is, its a good thing that I don't have to bump anyone off my best places list.Aloha means goodbye
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,1/25/2011,693,1125,10,8,7>Brobee from Yo Gabba Gabba has the right idea about the excitement of food.****I'm gonna eat. Yeah!Yummy Yummy. I'm gonna eat. Yeah!Yummy Yummy.Bundt cake yeyaaaaahh!In my tummy.Party, Party, Yeaaaahhhh!*******Wisdom from a kid song.I got pecan praline bundt cake. Party, party, yummy, yummy!Yes, I'll be coming by again and I'm gonna party in my tummy with all the other flavors soon..... Yeaahhh!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/24/2011,92,193,6,13,7>2011 has started beautifully and this meal was just one of the highlights of its' first week. Fleur De Lys shut its doors (and broke my heart) and then opened up as Fleur by Hubert Keller (and soothed my aching heart). We were walking around Mandalay and saw that the place was open. We also caught eye of Hubert Keller going around the restaurant to the tables to catch up with diners. We made reservations for a late dinner.Service was impeccable, the ambiance was great especially for a place that is priced so well and is a "small plate/Tapas" restaurant. The only complaint I have is that the Sushi Bar across becomes a nightclub of sorts 11pm onwards. If you are willing to listen to a Santana cover band while savoring delicate food, plan for a late meal. If you are like me, I will be trying to avoid this assault on my ears and dine a little earlier.Our order:1. Ceci Frito ($5)- Fried Chickpeas (a little coating of cornflour) and preserved lemons. Best chickpea preparation I've ever had. We ordered 3 plates since we loved it so2. Hummus & Baba Ganoush ($6) - The highlight here was the flat bread (free refills). The bread was smooth, thin and had a sparse sprinking of paprika/red chili powder that gave it a slight kick3. Onion Soup ($6) - This was one dish from Fleur De Lys that they've brought here. Served in cute shot glasses, one order is 4 glasses and tastes sweet, smooth and tasty with a dollop of truffle oil on it4. Risotto ($8) - With scallion, lemon and basil, this creamy risotto with generous parmesan shavings was a hearty bowl and very satisfying5. Wild Mushroom Ragout ($9) - Various mushrooms (oyster etc) in a medley and reduced in a creamy concoction. Star of the meal!6. Gnocchi ($9) - Velvety soft homemade pasta with a thick tomato sauce and pesto. Perfection in a bite7. Coconut Soup ($7) - Another import from the old Fleur De Lys. Passion fruit sorbet settles on top of a soup of coconut and sago pearls and sprinkled with freeze dried fruit. 2 servings per order. The freshest desert I have ever had. I'm brimming with joy that Hubert Keller is back with a vengeance. I love it and Fleur by Hubert Keller is once again one of my favorite restaurants in the world!
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,1/23/2011,135,365,2,9,7>I was very excited to hear this place was now open 24 hours.  I decided to come here after a late night/early morning work out and even at 4 in the morning, there were a few patrons at the counter.I think they were preparing for the day so things were very messy, so I gave them the benefits of the doubt.I sat down and the waiter took my drink order.  When asked what he recommended, he said without hesitation, the combo pan roast.  The "combo" consisted of lobster, crab, and shrimp, three winners in my book.  I asked for it to be made not too spicey, a 2 on a scale of 10.  Pre-measured amounts of lobster, crab and shrimp were spooned into dish along with diced bell peppers and seasoning.  All this was put into a special steam heated pot and fish stock was added along with a cream based soup.  This was allowed to come to a boil and cook down a bit.  Then everything was poured into a large bowl and a scoop of rice was added.  The chef can seperate one order into however many bowls you like which is a good thing, since one order is very filling.I accidentally burned my tongue I was so excited to try it.  The pan roast was delicious.  The flavor of the soup can be best described as fish or seafood and old bay seasoning.  It was rich and complimented the lobster, crab, and shrimp very well.  The addition of the rice made it very filling, I struggled to finish my order.  Service was good, not sure if it was because of the number of customers, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt.  My total tab including tip for the combo pan roast (most expensive) and an ice tea was under $25.  Not bad considering that one order of pan raost could have easily fed two people.  I will definitely go back to try the other pan roasts!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2010,1/22/2011,145,129,5,9,7>stopped in here today after picking up an order from the wonderful retro bakery. this place is right next door and my boyfriend and I were in the mood for a snack. we walk in to this cozy little place to one woman working. she was nice and helpful and after minutes on debating on what to get we decided on the 4 piece chicken tender with a side of sweet potato french fries. total was a little over 8 dollars. she said it would be about an 8 minute wait so we sat on some chairs up against the wall. now be forewarned there are no tables in this little eatery so make sure you know the food is to go. while waiting Dan and I were deciding where to eat this made to order little snack. We opted for a picnic in his car. (hey...we had to make it work!) After a few minutes of waiting and examining the menu some more for next time we got our little goodie bag. we took it to the car and opened the box of wings to a hot and spicy with a pinch of sweetness smell. we just looked at each other and couldn't wait to dig in. (oh btw we got the mom's special spicy sweet sauce.) we took some bites of the sweet potato fries. they were really good. the chicken was very fresh, juicy, and pure white on the inside. biting into these tenders was a little bite of heaven. ok maybe a little dieters sin, but so worth it. the sauce had so much flavor to it and it felt like these littler sinners were melting in my mouth. the little hint of spice lingered in my mouth for a few good moments. i wish we ordered more! Next time I go back I already decided to get an order of the jalapeno mac and cheese.I am only deducting a star for not having table and chairs for people to eat. My boyfriend and I decided next time we come back up here we will order this food and have a picnic over at floyd lamb state park. If you don't live in the area that would be a good (and cutesy!) option rather than driving it half an hour back to henderson. You could also do like we did and just picnic in the car. just be prepared for messy, sticky fingers and have lots of napkins handy!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,1/21/2011,223,135,8,7,6>Soooo, you say your the best huh? Well, ok, fine, you are. We LOVED this place. I went here with a couple of girlfriends and had such a great experience. Right away when you walk in the door you are transformed into a relaxing oasis. The lights are dimmed low, there is calming music playing and no one is chatting the background. Then, you are immediately greeted with hot tea and left to steep your feet in warm water. Ahhhhh! Relief.We did the 90 min massage and let me tell you, it went by to fast. I almost had them do it one more time...it was that relaxing....and all for $52. Awesome! I also love that, even though they spend a lot of time on your feet / calves they also work on the rest of your body too. There are times though that the pressure can be really intense, but not enough that you would want them to stop. Its like they are loosing all the tension up. I also liked how much they seemed to appreciate the business. It is nice to feel like a company WANTS to do business with you. They we also incredibly friendly the entire time. I will be back, and then back again, and then again in the future. I think they should change their name from the Best Foot Spa to the BESTEST Foot Spa. Just saying!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2010,1/20/2011,234,139,6,5,5>Don't be SCURRED to eat at a taco truck!!Stopped here the other night with some of the Yelp-izzles after Herbs & Rye. It was Jade W, Elnino F, Eleazar A, and I. We couldn't decide on where to go so Eleazar suggested El Pollo Mobile.None of of has been here before, but we were all happy with Eleazar's pick!I got 1 pollo taco and 1 carne asada taco. They were only $1 each. There is a bowl of guacamole by the veggies and I put a scoop on each of my tacos. I also ate some of the carrots after I had finished my tacos.I did not get sick, so the food was definitely clean. I will mos def come back to try some of the other tacos!!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,1/19/2011,378,248,3,11,11>Immaculate flavors...instructions included.After weeks of anticipation, my dinner at Raku finally arrived last night.  The fact that this place exists where it does is curiously incredible; somewhere very special nestled in an extremely unspecial looking shopping center.  A few minutes after sitting down our server walked over with a chalkboard full of specials.  The specials started at raw foods and culminated in the cooked meats.I asked the server if we could order the omakase menu.  She told me that normally the chef likes a few days notice for that, but she would ask him.  Well lucky for us, the chef said yes, and for $50 each, we began our journey through some of the most exciting tastes and textures I've had since moving to Las Vegas.I came prepared, ready to snap photos of everything we ate and write down the main components of each dish.  As soon as the first plate came, I scrapped that plan, and decided to just fully immerse myself in the wonderful experience.  We were served many things, and I cannot do them all the justice they deserve in this review, so I will focus on my three favorite items:Fresh Water Mackeral Sashimi - Completely raw, not cured in salt of Kombu.  The mackeral was regally delicate, with a shimmering silver skin.  The dim lights in the restaurant illuminated the fish like a spotlight from the sky.  Crispy Mackeral - The skin and bones from the mackarel we ate sashimi from were served.  LIght and crispy, I could have snacked on this on the couch while watching Jeopardy!  I loved being able to enjoy the whole fish, and appreciate the chef's attention to both the complexity of flavors, and sustainable food practice.  Braised Abalone - served with daikon radish and an elegant sea weed broth.  Each bite was an explosion of new flavors, I felt like I new taste buds were sprouting up on my tongue especially for this dish.  Not to offend, but it was like losing your virginity, only less awkward afterwards.  Raku is one of those must-haves for the appreciative eater.  Each dish will be brought out along with recommendations of how to fully enjoy all the flavors.  This is magnificent meal, reservations are a must.  Can't take a trip to Japan, allow your tongue to experience what the rest of you cannot.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/23/2010,1/18/2011,1407,1189,6,15,9>Came here for dinner which was about $27-28 per person, on weeknights(Weekends are slightly higher)Didn't take long to get in, which was good. Before we chow down, I decide to browse the buffet end to end snapping photos along the way.You have your standard food stations-Japanese, Chinese, Carving station, Pasta, Pizza, and Flatbread, International, cold foods, breads, and salads, and on the far Right side of the dining room, Desserts and sweets.Nice decor and great concept having individual portions of some of their selections, but it makes you wonder if and how long will they keep this concept....dishes will chip and break, and it will be a challenge to keep the mini pots and pans well maintained. A few items were offered here that I haven't seen at other buffets:Lamb Ribs, Roasted Bone Marrow, BBQ Shrimp and Bacon and Cheddar Grits, Chicken Liver Mousse, Pork Rillettes, and even Fromage de Tete(Head Cheese)A few of the Items still didn't have names,(like how Studio B was when they first opened) but luckily, I reconoticed just about everything that was offered.Here's my Hits and Misses for the evening:Hits:Roasted Bone Marrow-Spread some of that goodness on toasted bread and top it off with parsley salad, red onion jam, and a pinch of salt...Addicting!King Crab Legs- Leg Chunks de-shelled and individually plated, brushed with butter and herbs. Very sweet and tasty, also cost effective and visually smart. You don't see a swarm of people grabbing plates full like at Bellagio or Wynn, no messy hands or piles of crab shell at the table either!BBQ Shrimp and Bacon and Cheddar Grits-Tasted as good as it sounds!"Fries with eyes"-Crispy Fried Smelt with a pair of remoulades, regular and spicy-Crunchy goodness!Lamb Ribs-well seasoned, nicely charred and fall-off-the-bone good!Taleggio and truffle oil flatbread-anything truffle is BOMB!Rillettes and Chicken Liver Mousse were pretty tasty too....Misses:Dim Sum, 3 kinds-Siu Mai, Har Gao, and Sticky rice in lotus Leaf-go to chinatownSushi-california, Shrimp tempura, and spicy tuna,-not too appetizingRisotto- Impossible to serve at a buffet unless done a la minute in small batches-it was gummy...Desserts-Looked better than they tasted....especially the ones in the glasses and fancy containers.....Chocolate covered apples? what about caramel and candied apples?Mini pastries and desserts were sooooooSWEET, and so were the gelatos and sorbets-too much sugar and stabilizers...Crepes tasted like the packaged ones-cold and rubbery.Wicked Spoon definitely needs fine tuning......ALOHA!!!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,1/17/2011,281,230,,16,14>A few nights ago, a homeless man surrendered his bunny to us because he couldn't care for it anymore. We have a rabbit (who is a total prima donna) and we knew we couldn't bring this new hobo bunny into our home permanently -- it wasn't the right time and we were concerned about disease and bonding the pair successfully.The bunny was a total lover, very sweet and used to being held. It was gut-wrenching for me to take her to a shelter, but I knew they could care for her and that were simply a short-term foster from owner to rescue.The NV SPCA didn't hesitate --- they said "bring her on in!" and they had a bunny experienced person ready to take her for us. Despite the homeless guy saying she was fixed and potty trained, we discovered neither were the case. The SPCA scooped her right up and said she'd see a vet and be in good hands.The facility was much nicer than I expected from the area/exterior, the staff was friendly and supportive, too.  I will totally go to them when we ARE looking to add another bunny to our family (or a dog!).Thanks for helping, SPCA. I feel so much better knowing that sweet bun is being cared for in a no-kill shelter.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,1/16/2011,1362,984,6,16,12>My personal pledge to reserve Vegas buffet outings for out of town guests only went out the door this past Friday as the Husband and I checked out Green Valley Ranch Casino's Feast Buffet.Friday and Saturday nights are Surf and Turf nights from 3:30 pm to 10 pm, which ultimately means AYCE crab legs and whole roasted pigs.  It's normally $21.99/pp or $19.99/pp with a Stations Boarding Pass.  But for the month of November, an additional $3 is discounted - making dinner $16.99/pp!  (And with my coupon in the mail for BOGO free buffet - that meant $16.99 for two people!  What a deal!)The line was already long when we approached the restaurant a bit after 4 pm.  It didn't take too long for the line to get moving though.  There were hoardes of people in line for the crab - specifically the steamed crab legs.  But then there was this other line - you can have them stir-fry your crab legs however you'd like.  Ultimately, you grab your crab legs (or other food items), and then tell them what sauce you like and how spicy.  You can skip the wait and get cold crab legs and it's all the same.  This is what everyone swears by and the reason the Feast Buffet at GVR does well!  Other unique items at this buffet worth mentioning were the clams on the half shell, something I couldn't indulge in sadly enough.  But they do have milkshakes to order, which I was more than happy to help myself to! Other useful buffet info:Breakfast:Monday - Friday: 8am - 11am$7.99 per person or $6.99 with Boarding Pass CardBrunch:Saturday - Sunday: 8am - 3:30pm$20.99 per person or $18.99 with Boarding Pass CardAYCE crab legsLunch:Monday - Friday: 11am - 2:30pm$10.99 per person or $9.99 with Boarding Pass CardDinner:Sunday - Thursday: 3:30pm - 10pm$20.99 per person or $18.99 with Boarding Pass CardAYCE crab legs
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2010,1/15/2011,142,120,7,12,9>Nestled past Dior, Alexander McQueen, and all those Manolos is Pizza Place. Upon first look this place is spacious, clean, and looks like a place you can sit down and really have a great lunch which luckily is exactly what happened. Unfortunately it was a bit too cold out or I would have definitely sat on the patio overlooking the waterfall which obviously contains the best seats in the house on a warm summer day. When you walk in the counter is on the left side, sporting a refrigeration unit full of gelato (if I wasn't so full I would have gotten some!). They currently have a lunch deal where you can get a 12-inch pizza, a salad, and a side for $24.50. Kind of steep, but here's the best part: they have vegan cheese! And it's not Daiya, it's Teese. Now Daiya right now is the #1 vegan cheese since it's soy-free, easy to find, and tastes delicious but damn it if Teese isn't gunning for the top spot. If I could find it in grocery stores like I can with Daiya, it would be a very difficult decision to make. Anywho, we got a veggie vegan pizza (olives, red peppers, baby bella mushrooms, and onion), a house salad, and garlic knots sans cheese & butter. The garlic knots were good, but could stand to be a LOT more garlicky, and 4 of them instead of 3 would have been nice. The marinara that came with it was decent. The salad was alright but a bit small; I didn't like the vinaigrette all that much. But the pizza... oh the pizza. All the toppings tasted SO fresh, especially the mushrooms and the Teese is probably the best cheese substitute I have ever put in my mouth. All Matt could ask is where we could buy some! I wish I could have eaten more of the pizza but 2.5 slices was all I could do. $24.50 isn't so bad for two people to enjoy a meal in a nice environment. We both left pretty satiated. I will definitely be back to have more of that pizza, and maybe give Matt more pizza so I can try some vegan gelato ;)
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,1/14/2011,519,1603,5,8,8>I like to stop here once a month, spend a few dollars playing some old and some new pinball machines, and relive a bit of my younger days.  Imagine playing an old baseball pinball game where you're pitched a little metal ball and press the button to swing the bat.   Now that's a classic!My wife and a neighbor get their hair done at a nearby salon.  The Hall of Fame gives me the chance to escape from their world of teasing, blow dryers, and hairspray into a world of fantasy.  While I never was a pinball pro, I have been getting enough practice at the new place that I can do relatively well--sometimes.I am so thrilled the PH of F moved from its previous location to this one right off Trop.  It's so easy to get to and the parking is just great!  I am especially glad to see the new mix of customers.  Before it seemed like it was hardcore gamer who came.  Now I see a nice mix of men and women, tourists and locals, young and old.I hope this place keeps doing well.  I'll be back often--well at least once a month!
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2010,1/13/2011,191,302,10,19,13>This place raises the bar.Here's the story - my girl friend's wedding's coming up and she wants to have a spa day with a small group of friends. I'd tried some other Spas on the Strip, but it really wasn't anything special - typically noisy and crowded. Regardless, I gave these places a call. I found that most Strip spas either charged you more because you're coming in as a group or wouldn't offer any sort of discount unless you had a group of 8 or greater or would only offer extra spa credit to buy some product you don't really need. Lame!So I decided to call up the Mandarin Oriental. Anthony, the manager of the spa, answered the phone right away and discussed what he could offer us with regards to special discounts. I was impressed by his professionalism and the promptness with emailed replies. Shout out to you, Anthony! You rock 'cause you made my friend's special day!The majority of us were booked for a luminescence massage therapy.All the ladies were impressed by the amenities at the spa. If I were to do it again, I would definitely come a couple hours early instead of the recommended 45 minutes. From the electronic lounging beds and the warmed ceramic benches, you can enjoy your little private oasis (that's right - they don't overbook people at the spa... nice!). It's really a 360 degree view of the Strip below. The sauna, steam room, jacuzzi... around every corner, there's something new to explore.  I especially loved the crazy multimedia showers with different lights, sounds and sprays. The spa issues each of your guests a nice little make-up bag filled with little toiletries: razor, toothbrush, toothpaste, comb. It made a really nice souvenir for the girls to remind them of their day at the spa. Their robes are so cushy, it's like you've been bear hugged by a large teddy bear. I was really tempted to buy one but balked at the $175 pricetag. Onto the treatment. I had a wonderful therapist called Elizabeth who provided one of the best massages I've had in a long time. The treatment rooms are fantasticly decorated in Asian themes and is more like a lounge than a treatment room. Each room houses an insane shower than has at least 20 different jets shooting water at you. Ahhh... this is the life.The luminescence massage finishes off with a pearl powder that's mixed in with some lotion. It makes your skin shiny for 3 days (and yes... I washed each and every day, thank you very much). Overall, this treatment is well worth every penny spent.For one of the girls in our party, it was her first spa experience (we broke her spa cherry... hee hee hee). She asked if all spa experiences were like this and I assured her no. This place was definitely one of a kind.FYI - if you didn't get enough of the spa before your treatment, your treatment includes use of all the spa facilities until closing (which is usually late like 9pm) Also, if you're a local, they have a special discounts! Hurray!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2010,1/12/2011,316,816,14,9,9>This is by far my best clubbing experience so far so I have no idea why crappier clubs have better ratings.I went here last night (12/12/10) with three friends, had the guest list hook up (free entry!) and got the same yellow wristband Jennifer C. got, so we had free drinks as well! I stuck with a single flute of Champagne because you can't break it down when you're falling all over yourself. There was definitely a mixed crowd, a fair number of whites and blacks and some Asians. There was even this random 80 year old couple seriously busting it on the floor. It was really funny because guys were fist pumping with them. Everybody was pretty young on the dance floor (under 30) but some people at the tables were older. Taio Cruz said it best, "I came here to dance" and that's exactly what I did. I honestly could NOT have cared less if one person had showed up on the dance floor - I was rocking it out. It was as if Jesus had come down to DJ my own personal playlist. THEY PLAYED KEAK DA SNEAK! YES! E-40? YES! CHRIS BROWN? YES X5! Absolutely fabulous music. There was none of that craptastic trance, techno, wailing crap that sounds like they threw in the Kingdom Hearts Video Game Soundtrack on repeat. I literally threw my half full champagne flute up onto the stage to go shake my a** when Chris Breezy came on. There is this little raised stage in the center of the dance floor and I went up there twice to dance. I was there from the time the club opened at 11 to 1:20 and spent half my time (cumulative) up on that little stage dancin' around. Just like Lil' Jon said, "You can't do like me, I'm by myself. I do it so good, I don't need nobody else." Honestly, I'd rather do my thing by myself than deal with the guys grinding up on me and stabbing me in the back on the dance floor. Uh huh. The ladies know what I mean. One quick observation, you gotta keep it classy, some ladies who came up on the stage forgot this isn't Spearmint Rhino (strip club.) One busted a champagne flute on stage but it was cleaned up in a quick minute when I motioned to a bouncer about the issue.Oh my goodness, I think there needs to be a sign that says, "Locals are not here at tourist's disposals and are not subject to their whims. We have hookers for that." So after dancing with some other guys myself, two of my friends came out on the dance floor with me. There were these two brothers and one was pulling out a couple c notes. I leaned over to my friend and yelled, "what is going on?!" and they screamed back (I could barely hear them) "I have no idea." There was no way he could have mistaken us for prostitutes because we dress pretty conservative. The one pulling out the cash started dancing with me. Wait, no, more like up on me. Get off, seriously. This guy was getting way crazy, IN FRONT OF HIS BROTHER. I was embarrassed for me AND him. My friends were my saving grace because when he started yelling in my ear "You're so f-ing hot" and yelling to my friends and his brother that he was "going to f*** the s*** out of me tonight" (to my credit, I couldn't hear him say this.)  My friends were like, "Um, Rachel's not getting raped tonight" and told the brother that his brother was pissing me off and that he needed to tell him to tone it down and they rushed me on out. I'm not Usher, I don't want to make love in the club... or anywhere else with a stranger.I spent the rest of the night dancing on the little stage while my friends sat on a bench because they wore heels. I went in search of them at around 1:15 because I was getting thirsty and wanted to leave. Water bottles are $9!!! here and I just wasn't going to pay that. When I couldn't find them and didn't answer my texts, I left. I ended up getting a phone call at 2:20 asking where in the club I was from my friends, as I was laying in bed with the lights off, who had been searching for me for an hour and the cells had been in their car, hence the reason they didn't respond to my messages. Oops! Anyway, I had SUCH a fun night, even though that one guy was strange, (hopefully we won't run into them at XS tonight!) but regardless, the club was bumpin' on a SUNDAY in DECEMBER. I for sure want to come back again!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,1/10/2011,410,224,11,12,12>Mr. Tofu is another place that's slowly crept into my craving rotation!  Their sundubu comes with the best tofu I've had at a restaurant and has the perfect balance of flavor and spice!  I've only ever had the beef sundubu; it's one of those situations where I keep telling myself to try something new on my next visit, but the beef sundubu is so good!The menu is simple, you basically choose what goes into your soup: seafood, kimchi, beef etc.  There are also some other traditional items like bibimbap.  The menu stays the same for lunch and dinner.I have to say, this is an awesome place to grab a meal by yourself.  Your sundubu will cost you $8, AND you get delicious banchan.  Each time I've eaten here the banchan has been slightly different.  Variety is good!  Quality food at a good price makes this the newest addition to my list of repeat eats!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,1/9/2011,264,264,6,13,10>I have been stalking 9091 Taco (a play on the Korean "gogi") since they first started revamping the old Sexxxpresso location.   I noticed that they finally looked open for business today when I came into work, so naturally I had to stop by for lunch.Right now, it's walk-up or drive through (possible seating area to come) and their menu even says that they deliver!They do tacos, burritos, tortas, and bibimbap (listed as Bi Bop Salad on the menu).  Some items (at least the Bi Bop and Torta) appear to be served with a side of sweet potato fries.  And to clarify, I mean sweet "potato fries" not "sweet potato" fries.... more on that later.All items come with the protein of your choice (beef, chicken or tofu) and can be regular or spicy.  I asked about the veganness of the bread for tortas, but the guy wasn't sure and suggested I get the tofu Bi Bop Salad, which definitely had no animal products.  (The burrito has sour cream and cheese, but that could probably be left off.)  So, several vegetarian options, and a few vegan ones. lots of meat choices, of course.The Bi Bop came with rice, lettuce, carrots, mushrooms, spinach, zucchini, sprouts and marinated cubed tofu.  Served with a side of gojuchang and a sweet soy sauce and oddly, salsa.  All sauces were very good.  The "salad"didn't look like a whole lot of food, but along with the side of fries, I was pretty full at the end ($8.99 for Bi Bop, comes with fries).  So, the fries - tasty but weird.  They are super super thin cut, like matchsticks.  They are pale yellow like regular potato fries, but very sweet.  Almost like they took regular potatoes and added sugar.  It's probably some kind of yam or something though, because that would be really strange to just sugar up some potatoes.  My friend got the meat torta ($6.99)and gave it a thumbs up.  Bottom line - it was tasty and provides a nice vegan option for a quick lunch that is within walking distance for me.  I will probably be a regular customer.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2010,1/7/2011,464,819,4,10,6>I'm not a big Emeril fan and I didn't like Table 10 when I ate there. But, I was craving a good steak and crab cake so I crossed my fingers and made reservations for my birthday dinner. When we checked in with the hostess she wished me a happy birthday and, after waiting a few minutes in the lounge, seated us at a table tucked away in a corner of a room that was off of the main dining area. Typically when my wife and I go out to eat we get stuck at the crappiest 2-top the restaurant has to offer. But this time around we were at a nice, big, four person table in a low-traffic area in the quietest part of the restaurant.Now, on to the food...//Appetizers//* Jumbo lump crab cake - a single crab cake with fennel, tomato and an herb salad on top. The crab cake was sitting on a slightly tangy, tartar-like herb emulsion. While it tasted delicious it just can't compare to real jumbo lump crab cakes from Baltimore. The Delmonico crab cake consisted of crab mixed with a binding element that tasted like a mayonaise based mix. Personally, I prefer crab cakes with little else other than crab and some old bay. But, for a crab cake outside of Maryland, this one was still very good.* Roasted butternut squash ravioli - The ravioli, sitting in a sage brown butter sauce, was excellent. The shredded duck on top of the ravioli was excellent. But, the pairing seemed slightly odd and unnecessary. Sure, eating the two together was a sweet and savory delight that gave my taste buds a happy ending but I think the ravioli was good enough to stand on its own. The duck was a little overkill on a dish that was already fabulous.//Amuse Bouche//* Shrimp dumpling - Our apps were served so quickly that they came out before the amuse bouche, which the waitress brought out as we started digging in to the appetizers. This may not have been proper protocol, but we still appreciated the additional dish. The waitress called it a shrimp dumpling, but it was fried like a fried wanton. Whatever you want to call it, it was served with a yuzu sauce and cucumber. It was a tasty bite -- a touch of acidity and tartness with some crunch -- but it felt out of place. I thought Delmonico was a southern restaurant... what are they doing serving a heavily inspired Asian dish?//Entree//Filet mignon with a side of sauteed garlic wild mushrooms - We weren't all that hungry so we split the entree. They didn't mind splitting the steak before it was served to us. When it came out each was on it's own plate with a small piece of butter resting on top (health food this is not). We ordered it medium rare, but it came out closer to rare. No problem, I don't mind a little blood. Their steaks have a creole seasoning rub that makes for a strong peppery taste (they definitely kicked it up a notch). It's unique compared to the taste of other steaks around town and while it was a touch too salty, the filet was so tasty and tender that it didn't matter. The mushrooms were pure buttery, garlicky awesomeness. A great accompaniment to the filet.//Dessert//* Banana rum sorbet - With all the other stuff we ate we were feeling full so this light, complimentary dessert was perfect -- at least in theory. It's flavor was too subtle and bland, but still a decent way to cleanse the palate. It was free after all, so I shouldn't complain. The final thing served was a plate of mignardises -- while none were spectacular, they provided a deliciously sweet ending to a great meal.I only glanced at the wine list, as my wife and I only got a couple wines by the glass. But, in flipping through their extensive list I saw plenty of bottles priced well below $100. Some as low as $40. So, it looked like they had something for everyone, no matter what your price range.The service was top notch. We were waited on by two people who were very attentive, constantly checking if we liked everything, needed anything, and refilling drinks. It was odd how quick everything was served. Our apps came out within 10 minutes of ordering (before the amuse) and our entree came out right after we finished our apps. Everything seemed so fast-paced. On the way out the hostesses again wished me a happy birthday. This was some of the best service I've gotten at any restaurant in Vegas.The atmosphere felt like an upscale restaurant, of course, with it's wine room, stone wall (on one side), and vaulted ceilings. But, the white walls looked so bare. A touch of paint could do wonders. Even adding more flair would make it more comforting and welcoming. My favorite thing about the decor was probably the chairs. They're large leather chairs that were so comfy. Perfect seating for a steakhouse, in contrast to the office chair seating at CUT.I wasn't expecting to be blown away by Delmonico, but every aspect of my dining experience was as good as any other steakhouse I've been to in this city.4.5 Stars
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2010,1/6/2011,821,451,9,13,9>Yi Mei Champion Taiwan Deli has finally opened just a few doors down from 168 Supermarket. And on its first day being opened to the public, it has already attracted a very nice crowd of eager patrons.From the hand written signs near the cashiers counter, it states that it is open everyday except Thursday. This little restaurant with seating capacity of 48 has a Breakfast Menu which is served from 7am to 11:30am, and a Lunch Menu served from 11:30am to 9pm. Since I was coming from work, by the time I had arrived it was already 11:36am and most of their breakfast items were sold out. Meaning no freshly made soy milk (or Iced Soy/Bean Juice as it is called in their menu) for me, which was the primary objective of this visit and the reason for skipping the free lunch at work. So I ordered the Beef Roll with Preserved Vegetable (it was that or the version made with pork), which was pretty much the only item available from the Breakfast Menu. And it was quickly served to me on a red china and still wrapped in the plastic wrap.  It is a sesame crusted thin bread stuffed with slices of braised beef with Chinese preserved vegetable.  It was alright. A little on the dry side, but a good experience to try their version thousands of miles away from the original in Taiwan and China.As I ate and looking over their menu I see that they also serve various handmade dumplings (such as "Steam Bao" aka Xiao Long Bao, which was also sold out), Spicy Beef Noodle (which I ordered), various Taiwanese Deli, Shaved Ice (which they don't currently serve), cold beverages and hot desserts. The back of their business cards also states in Chinese that they served Taiwanese style hot pots, but that is not in their menu, just like the breakfastitems are not listed in the menu. I also ordered "Temple Meatball" and Fish-Ball Soup (should be more accurately called Fuzhou fish ball).The first item I ordered arrived quickly, since it was premade and came on a plate still wrapped in plastic wrap.  It was okay, maybe too dried and lack much flavor to warrant trying again in the future.  After that it took pretty long for the items to be sent out the kitchen, since I doubt they were expecting this kind of crowd on opening day and they probably don't have any proper line cooks working in the back.  So by the time I finished everything and paid by bill it is 12:50pm already.The kitchen is definitely not ready for the better than expected turnout, but hopefully with more practice they will soon get the hang of it.  As of right now, there is no POS in use, so items that are out, must be communicated to the staff taking the orders as it comes in, and if not everyone is on the same page, you end up with customers waiting for a good long time, until they either ask about the status of their order or just gives up and pay for what they have already been served. Furthermore, the kitchen and the expeditor needs to agree on how orders are placed and executed, because the time for discussing how to handle order tickets is not in the middle of service.Food-wise, I thought it was just okay.  The best item I tried was the Spicy Beef Noodle, except I felt the beef needed to be braised longer, since not all of them were tender. There are also still a lot of things I want to try if they are actually available, so I will be back.Menu - sadly very typical of the mom and pop operations in that the English translations of menu items are 1) misspelled, 2) poorly translated, 3) utilises questionable word choice.  If the restaurant needs someone to correct their menu, I can do it. I just hate seeing simple words like tofu, noodle, chicken spelled correctly in one part of the menu and not in others. And I also can't understand why some parts of the menu is not translated at all, like the shaved ice. It is not that hard to translate select any 3 toppings, 4 toppings, etc for X price.Parking - pretty convenient since it is in the same plaza as 168 Market.Price - pretty reasonable for most items.3 stars.They also have shaved ice on the menu, but it is not available yet.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2010,1/1/2011,358,399,9,11,10>What a pleasant surprise !Probably give the place 4.5 stars but round down because it's a STUPID NAME FOR A RESTAURANT !  also, not sure i understand the location - would've loved it 5 months ago when i worked about 200 yards away - even then, the place is way off the street so it's not easily seen.the space is clean  comfortable.We orderedThom khaThai beef saladyellow chicken curryregular rice and sticky rice (or is it stick E rice ?)sticky rice w/ fried banana and coconut ice creamNothing over $10 ( the curry might be if you order shrimp ) the standouts - the curry was excellent ! Dessert also very good.  I liked that the beef in the salad was tender and the dressing had a nice citrus-y tang to it.  The Thom Kha was "standard"Not sure where this place fits in the  Las Vegas Thai restaurant order - i put it above the "chains" - Pin Kaow / Archi's, better than Kung Fu, definitely better than Krung Siam ( that place has really dropped for me ) , I'm waiting to see how Mix Zone does under the new owners ( first visit - ok )  - I still gotta hit Komol and yes, I'm still a fan of LOS.crappy / blurry pics included
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,12/31/2010,140,148,9,14,9>There's something oddly relaxing about sitting in a dingy, smelly bar, at a shredded, nasty booth, listening to too-loud music with a group of "undesirables".Double Down is a great place to catch a show.  A lot of smaller touring bands come through, so there's a show almost every night.  The shows are usually (if not always) free, and they generally start around 9 or 10pm.I would recommend trying the ass juice more than once, because it almost always tastes different.  The only common denominators are the fact that it's always somewhat sweet, and sour.I would NOT recommend using the bathroom.   It's very dirty, and the lock usually doesn't work.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,12/30/2010,136,413,3,8,6>Based on reviews from fellow yelpers, I wanted to find a different place to eat sushi for evening other than my usual sushi bar.  Since this place is somewhat near our house, we stopped in for an early dinner.The bar area is quite nice, overall decor very comforting and natural.  I loved the fact that the place was basically all ours for the hour we were there.  The menu is great--simple and with some great options done differently.  Their amaebi, for example, includes the deep fried fish heads along with the two pieces of sushi.  I personally love sucking on a few shrimp heads, because that's where all the flavor is.  It was great.We ordered all the yakitori skewers, 4 types, and it came with 2 skewers each.  Thinking they were the small yakitori, we didn't think it would be a lot to order for dinner. Oh my.  These skewers are pretty big, so majority of our dinner were the appetizers.  It was great!  The sauce was yummy and the meats were cooked well.  As for the shrimp ones, I didn't eat the shrimp.  I feel that shrimp should ALWAYS be cleaned because that black line is poop, and I don't eat poop.  That was a no-no for me, and therefore a deduction of 1 star on my review.As for the rest, we tried their sushi, all perfectly portioned and the fish was great.  Their sauces are very good at this restaurant, everything from their cucumber salad, tempura dip, to the sauce they put on their yellowtail.  Oh and their tempura is crispy and light, too.  We loved it.I think this place, despite its location being right next to the 215 on W. Cheyenne, is a really good sushi bar.  We plan to go back this week to try the rest of the menu.  If you want a road trip within city limits, try this place.  I know that they serve the same special rolls as any other sushi bar, but their sauces and talent make for a great night.  Plus their website says that it's 20% off after 9pm to midnight.  Great sushi, excellent service, and I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2010,12/29/2010,90,210,3,4,4>The number one reason I go here is for the salad that comes with.  The dressing is very memorable!I usually get  the plate here with teriyaki chicken, teriyaki beef and teriyaki shrimp.  It also comes with rice, the salad (so good!) and two orange wedges.The staff is friendly.  The place is clean, even the rest rooms.  There is plenty of seating and their portions are generous.Don't let my review make up your mind for you.  Just drive by the store front and roll the window down... I bet that'll be enough for you to park and hurry in!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,12/28/2010,60,75,2,8,7>Ok I've officially tried almost every flavor they make and I can say for sure that these are the best cupcakes in town. And well worth the insane drive to the northern-most edge of town. The chocolate loves vanilla (chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream) is still my fav, but close seconds include the cookies and cream (chocolate cake with Oreo buttercream) and the pucker up (raspberry cake- real raspberries not dye- with lemon buttercream). They also do a good mint chocolate chip, peanut butter, pink lemonade, and my new favorite grammy's grapefruit- vanilla cake with grapefruit zest and grapefruit buttercream that is only available for August, sadly. I also like their twist on the red velvet- with an almond buttercream rather than the usual cream cheese frosting. My husband, who is not near as dessert crazed as I am, will drive 40 minutes across town for the Oreo cupcake. You can reserve your favorites ahead of time so they do not run out, and they have even made the cookies and cream cupcake fresh for him when they've run out.  He also loves their apple cider, milk and cookies (topped with a fresh baked chocolate chip cookie), and coffee and donuts (with coffee buttercream). Retro is a cut above any of the other cupcake bakeries in town- definitely worth the drive. Rich, dense, flavorful cake with some of the best buttercream I've tasted.It should also be noted that they do adorable special occasion cakes.  They come in all the cupcake flavors and are 4 layers high, however they are far too heavy on the frosting inside (i'd be sure to request minimal frosting next time- it was insanely sweet and overpowering).  Very cute cakes and super reasonable (6" cake for $20, see attached pic).
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,12/27/2010,59,75,3,4,6>My boyfriend and I ate here for lunch today after Judd L. sent me a recommendation.The boyfriend wanted to go to Lemongrass because they have banh mi.. but I really wanted to try this place especially after we were able to locate it when we went to Lee's the night before.It is very nice and clean. They have booths as well as tables. The service was very good and always made sure to fill waters and check if everything was good.I do feel the the menu does lack some variety. No banh mi, so boyfriend ordered pho instead. I got the rare steak and tendon (as usual!)  and they gave a good amount of beef and tendon. The beef was nice and soft and the tendon was melt in your mouth with a couple exceptions for some chewy peices. I did find the broth to be a little more sour/too citrusy  than I'd like. But besides that it had a nice flavor. Prices are not too bad either at $6.50 for a small and $7.50 for a large. They did give 20% off our bill for the grand opening. Personally, Lemongrass is still my favorite in the area but Pho MaiLan is definitely a good alternative as well. More than I can say for Pho Saigon 8, and Pho Little Saigon. Will definitely return in the future.. I wanted to try to bun bo hue that the previous reviewers tried! I saw it.. but decided to go with my normal pho!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,12/26/2010,408,99,4,8,7>I've hungered and gone to Hog's Heaven! I can't believe I haven't reviewed this heavenly place yet! Silly of me! Thanks to my ever so lovely and tasteful girlfriend, I've had the pleasure of partaking of such delicious southern style grubbage! I should warn you that eating here more often will cause addiction and once addiction sets in, you will experience bad withdrawals from the overflowing BBQ sauce!The homestyle greetings from the front cashier, Marsha, already take you out of Las Vegas and into the flavorful and intriguing customs of the South! The walls are covered with components and shout-outs to Hog's Heaven for their return to the mountain side of Centennial Las Vegas. I called in the order one night and spoke extensively to Marsha about what I felt like sinking my teeth into and she suggested the full rack of ribs. I was a little apprehensive on $19.95 for a rack of ribs (12 bones) but the half rack was just a few dollars cheaper and I thought, "If we don't finish it, I'll eat it tomorrow anyway!" Can't have ribs with no sides so I went with Mac n Cheese! My girlfriend and I love their hot link sandwich so we decided to half that as our other side (hey! when we grub, we grub!) and she said their fries were pretty good so we got that with a side of hog sauce (YUM!). My girlfriend remembered that there was a discount for yelpers for 10% off so we smiled even bigger. We phoned in our order so we told them to start cooking 15 minutes after we hung up. Marsha asked about dessert but I politely declined because we had our own waiting. Marsha joked she wanted some of our homemade pumpkin gooey cake but we were serious about sharing :)When we picked the food up, we were kind of sad Marsha was out on a delivery because we wanted to share our cake with her. We also asked the cashier (forgot her name!) if Marsha included the 10% off and she said she wasn't sure and told us to wait for her to do that. That almost threw the positive experience out the door but when Marsha came back, her winning attitude and Southern hospitality totally kicked it back into positive! Not only did she give 10% off, she gave a little bit more for the wait. I hope she enjoys that cake cuz it is SO GOOD! We destroyed half the rack (saved the rest)! Enjoyed the hot link sandwich as always and discovered a new sauce I like: Hog Sauce.I will not only return here, but I will return with an appetite for the rest of their menu! Thanks again, Marsha!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,12/24/2010,562,1065,8,18,15>Fremont Street is quintessential Vegas. It's awesome Vegas. It is where I go as a local when I am a) bored, b) broke, c) want to laugh at tourists, d) need to get my weekly fill of crazy, and/or e) am playing a game of photo safari (tourist in a Hawaiian shirt with a fanny pack and child up way past his/her bedtime are always found here).First of all, it's where Vegas began. Fremont Street was home to Vegas's 1st hotel, 1st installed telephone, 1st gaming license, 1st paved street, 1st traffic light, 1st elevator, etc., etc. I'm betting it was probably also home to Vegas's 1st "Jesus sin protestor" - those crazies that you can only find on Fremont dressed up like Jesus carrying signs about how we are all going to hell for gambling. So yeah, Fremont is historical. And that's what I keep telling all my old relatives visiting from out-of-town when I drag them out of the Wynn and Bellagio and take them down to the neon glory that is Fremont.Secondly, it's just freakin' awesome. Mermaid show girls, Jesus protestors, Elvi, fried twinkies, yard-long frozen margaritas, so much neon you could go blind, $0.25 roulette, $1 blackjack - this is what you come to Vegas for.Third, you can actually walk Fremont, unlike the Strip. It's covered and relatively short.Fourth, the actual Fremont Street Experience, which is the show - the canopy of lights. Ok, sure, it's usually pretty awful, but it's totally fabulous at the same time. Just marvel at it - the sheer technological feat. Hint: best viewing spot isn't in the middle - stand at one end of Fremont or the other and look down.Fifth, the restored neon signs. If you love old, classic Vegas, you know these signs - and you can get all up close and personal with them.And finally, it's a super-short walk to Downtown Cocktail Room, The Griffin, Beauty Bar, etc.Don't ever dare dis Fremont. It's where all that is Vegas began. And did I mention how awesome it is?
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,12/23/2010,218,93,7,13,7>This is the destination for girlish girls and all their girlfriends.  Encore is beautifully designed, so I was not surprised to see the same standard of the Encore spa.  The layout is intelligent and convenient.  One of my favorite elements of the Encore spa is the lighting.  Most of the spas in town don't often provide enough light, causing me to feel sleepy and tired half of the time; I want to feel relaxed and de-stressed at the spa, and the lighting of Encore is that perfect tint.I always work out before a spa day.  The Encore gym is well-equipped but too small for the size of the hotel.  I came on a Saturday morning and waited about ten minutes for a treadmill.  Encore should really expand it to cater to their clientele's needs.  On a positive note, there is a cafe near the gym that offers smoothies and healthy foods for pretty reasonable prices.I love the robes and slippers offered at the Encore spa to women (I'm not sure what the men receive).  They are high-quality silk on the outside and very soft terry cloth on the inside in pastel colors; slippers are made similarly feminine (an instant favorite for girlish girls who spa such as myself).There is a gorgeous main area with jacuzzis, hot tubs, cascading showers, etc...  The area is decorated with a grand beautiful Buddha statue, giving the atmosphere a glamorous yet peaceful touch.  There are also stunningly exotic lanterns throughout the venue; including one in the ultra-feminine vanity room, making it one of the most eye-pleasing spas I've ever been.The snacks provided at Encore spa are also top-quality: anything from dried fruits to nuts and even granola (most hotel spas only have fruits).Encore spa lacks more unisex areas where couples can meet up if you are doing a day spa date.  But if you are spending the day with girlfriends and want to be around all things womanly and delicate, here's the place to go.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,12/22/2010,99,98,6,4,6>I've never been to Buffalo, never ridden a buffalo, never had a Buffalo style pizza, but I can sure say I can make this place my home on the range. Located inside the dive bar that is Moon Doggies. So, right off the bat, if you are looking for a cute frou frou type place, it ain't happening here. This is about the pizza. So, "The Fatboy" was ordered--half sheet. Thanks to Pete's speedy review and pics, I was able to call in the order, giddy up. As is the protocol, if you want to eat inside Moon Doggies, you pick up your "to go" order, and pull up a table to enjoy your pie, that skirts the smoking law, yes smoking takes place here. You have 2 options, deal with it, or really take it to go. As soon as we cracked open the square box, the aroma of tomatoes and fresh basil completely infiltrated our mind, body and soul. OMFG, the pizza was astonishing. It seems to me NY pizza is kind of favored here in Vegas. This is not the same thing at all. The crust is thicker, a little soft with slightly crispy edges. It is all loaded with plenty of groceries, and I mean quality items too. WOW! Perfect ratio of crust, to sauce, to toppings. Check this out, we did not ask for, nor did we need any extra parmesan or red pepper flakes. The sauce is zesty, with a welcome kick. Daily doses of "The Fatboy" could keep me from being slim. The pizza itself is 5 star!
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,12/21/2010,142,69,6,11,9>Oh my it was brunch time and still crackalizing! If you didn't understand that, it was packed! I wouldn't really suggest coming here in groups bigger than 4. Although, I'm sure you can it'll jus be a longer wait. I ordered the Kalua pig Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the adobo omelette. And together we ordered a short stack of red velvet pancakes as a dessert. That's how we get to try a little bit of every goodness. The kalua Benedict was perfect the way it was made. The yoke breaking over the meat and the crispy edges of the meat added a smokey hint to it. I tried some of the adobo omelet and it was good, but I've had bigger for the same price at aloha kitchen. On the other hand, the macaroni salad that came with it was unique with it's hint of crab meat. The red velvet pancakes was the perfect puzzle piece for my belly's satisfaction with it's sweet cream cheese syrup. The service was on point and friendly. The parking is plenty. Be aware, it's disguised in an industrial area.I am most certainly filled and ready to come back to try the s'more pancakes.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/20/2010,83,599,12,21,12>Maybe I haven't come off my runner's high yet, but this year's Rock N' Roll Marathon was AWESOME!!!  Great set up!  Great organization!!  So much fun!Big props to the volunteers, organizers, and Mandalay Bay for making everything run so smoothly!  I really appreciate the fact that the cleaning staff set up camp in the women's restrooms, consistently ensuring paper towels, toilet paper, and soap for all.  Despite the hundreds of port of potties there is a realization that women are going to the use the facilities with running water if given a choice. Food vendors were open, Bellagio fountains were running, Mirage volcano was erupting, bands were rockin.  It was fabulous!  The Border Grill was especially accomodating, set up to provide food specials, as well as alcohol specials.  Nothing's better than a beer or good margarita after a half marathon or marathon.The Bret Michaels concert right afterwards was awesome!  Yep!  Bret Michaels = awesome!  Rock of Love, baby!  So much better than having the concert later on in the evening.Also, a big thanks to the Las Vegas police for blocking off roads and directing traffic.  It was much better than last year.  So smooth getting in and out.My only complaint would be that there was not a great selection of food in the "secure zone" (they had ice cream last year!) and no free food outside the secure zone.  But I got my free beer (thanks to the MGD guy for not requiring me to show my ID, speeding the process along!) and was feeling no pain so the lack of food didn't bother me.  Oh... also this year they didn't have tigers at the start.  Last year they did. I like tigers.Tips for those considering the marathon or half-marathon in the future:1) Park at Mandalay Bay.  Don't pay attention to what any signs say.  It is your God-given right to park at Mandalay Bay as a runner.2) Enter the hotel and follow the signs to the convention center and Shark Reef.3) Try to figure out a way to comfortably carry a camera or cell phone with a camera.  You won't regret it (unless you drop it so be careful).  4) After completing the run, you may be confused.  You will be led through something called the "secure zone" to take a picture with a showgirl and pick up food.   Once you leave the secure zone, they won't let you back in and this may be the only free food AND WATER you get so...a) carry a small grocery bag with you on the run so you can easily load up with food and water (this was my co-worker's suggestion and I can't thank him enough).b) make sure you get one of those disposable blanket thingys.  You may not want one right away, but you may later.  Better safe than sorry.c) take a picture with a showgirl!  They say its not mandatory but it is.  No matter how bad you are feeling... do it!  It'll make you feel better.5) Most of all... HAVE FUN!!  Like my friend said, everyone is there for your entertainment.  Be entertained!!See the photos documenting some of the fun.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,12/19/2010,4974,721,13,11,8>Took a buddy here for lunch the other week.  I had never been here before and we were both starving.  Little did I know how ridiculously aggressive the dim sum servers were.  Do they work on commission or something?  Man.  We had 7 plates on our table within 3 minutes of sitting down because our eyes were bigger than our stomachs.  The servers annoyed my friend to no end but I actually found it pretty comical.  All the usual suspects for dim sum here and all done well.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,12/18/2010,4682,1966,14,38,31>I read about this new attraction in the Las Vegas Sun and decided to make a trip down to Fremont Street to give it a try.  Since my Son was off of school today, I brought him along.  The attraction is located on the far East side of Fremont Street, which is closest to Las Vegas Blvd.  The best place to park is the parking garage on the corner of Fremont Street & Las Vegas Blvd.  It's pretty cheap for parking....we were there for 2 hours and paid $3.I posted a video on YouTube if you want to see the experience:youtube.com/watch?v=DxzOThe ticket office for this attraction is on the Fremont Street level next to the Walgreens.  Tickets are $15 each for 1 ride, $25 for 2 rides, $30 for 3 rides....that's per person.  In other words, 3 people riding once will pay $45 total.....capiche?  Cool....Since we didn't know if we'd enjoy it, we paid $15 each for the single ride.  We should have paid $30 each for the 3 pack.....because we ended up riding a 2nd time.  The girl was cool and only charged us $10 each for the 2nd ride as if we paid for the 2 pack....not sure she'll hook you up like that though, so don't expect that.  (see pics for full price list and all day discount pricing)The launch pad is I think 60 ft in the air and you access it by going to the 5th floor (roof) of the parking garage, which is the same building the ticket office is located.  We made our way up there and waited in line.  Everyone in line was pretty nervous, including myself.  I'm not a fan of heights, but wanted to give this a try.  My Son was pretty brave....he wasn't nervous at all....until we got up to the edge of the platform.You get strapped into a harness and get some instruction.  Here are some tips:- Don't wear flip flops or sandals with no ankle straps....if you do, they'll make you take them off and put them in a netted bag.- Purses or bags without secure straps will not be allowed on the ride.- Don't wear anything with loose pockets or if you do, don't put anything in them because it could fly out easily.- Don't wear loose sunglasses.  They could fly of easily with the airflow generated during the ride.- They don't allow pictures to be taken during the ride, for obvious reasons...ie your camera could slip out of your hands and seriously injure someone on the ground.It sounds like a lot of rules, but it's common sense.  Knowing this in advance will save you a trip back to your car or hotel room.The zipline can handle groups up to 4 people at one time.  A quick hint if you want to get on/off the ride fast.....ride as a single.  They're always looking for a single to fill up a group of three, which happened often while we were there.We were nervous on the final walk up the stairs to the launch pad....when you get up there the instructor will attach you to a cable until you're secured on the zipline.  Each person will be hooked up to the zipline and given instructions on what to do.  I admit, I was nervous all the way up until the launch of our 1st ride.  It looks much higher from the launch pad than from the ground.After everyone is given instructions, he releases the safety clip and you lift up your legs and your body weight launches you down the zipline.  If you want to go really fast, tuck your knees up to your chest like a cannon ball dive in a pool.....you'll pick up speed right away.  If you stay in this position, you'll maximize your speed all the way through the ride.....this was a tip given to us by the instructor.The ride itself is very fun.....you feel like you're flying above everyone, because you are.  It was very exhilarating and I felt free.  The landing is the roughest part.....you slam into a padded stopping mechanism and your momentum swings you up quickly while an employee secures your line with a rope.  I was amazed at how fast we came in on the landing.....the 2nd time around I nailed the employee in the shoulder with my knee....I'm surprised he didn't go down.  He said it happens all day long.....I wouldn't want his job.After your ride, you get your picture taken and you have the option to purchase pictures of your ride.....prices are $10 each for the 1st 2 pics, then $5 a pic after that.  I paid for 4 pics since we couldn't take any on the ride itself.....nice to have as a souvenir for the 1st time, won't pay for it again though.  I didn't post those pics because I don't have a scanner.  The pics I posted of people on the zipline were other riders.  The pics from the launch pad was from my perspective....I put the camera away just before launch.Overall, it was an exhilarating ride and we had a blast.Will we return?  There's no doubt about it.....I'm taking all of my friends who visit from out of town to ride.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,12/17/2010,1002,80,5,10,7>Attention! Attention! Here is my list:Appetizer:1. Stinky tofu2. Fried crispy chicken 3. Chinese sausageRice:1. Minced pork rice2. Stewed pork rice3. Pork chop riceThin noodle:1. House special thin noodle with chitteringStew noodle:1. Satay squid stew noodle soupNoodle:1. Beef noodle soupSteak:1. House special steak -------- my favorite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hot drink:1. Goji healthy teaTea (hot available):1. Coffee milk tea2. Honey tea / green tea Mixed milk:1. Papaya milk2. Passion fruit yogurt -------- my special order which does show up on menu :) actually nobody drink it beside me... I believe the owner will surprise if u order it!Slush:1. Green tea red bean slush -------- great great summer drink!!!!!!Also, Hot Grass is good for winter;Plus, shave ice is perfect for summer, which create your own shave ice (5items): red bean, large red bean, green bean, pudding, taro, pineapple, lychee, peach, jelly, grass jelly, almond tofu, peanuts, boba, condensed milk. Open hours: 11:30am - 2:00am
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/16/2010,131,324,7,6,6>Krazy Buffet? What is KRAZZYYYY about a great buffet with a huge selection of Chinese and Japanese deliciousness. I walked in not knowing what to expect because there have been some gross buffets in Las Vegas so I went in without any expectations.Luckily I made a great decision and the food was fresh, hot, and scrumptious. They had plenty of greasy, fried appetizers that were all tasty and a great start to the meal. To my surprise the sushi was really fresh and there was a dedicated sushi chef making rolls the whole night which was refreshing to see. Generally when you head to a buffet the sushi is fairly fishy smelling and rarely edible but kudos to the sushi chef here.If you are looking for a buffet where the busboys take your plates creepily within 2 seconds of finishing your meal then Krazy Buffet is the nuts. I felt like I was being hurried up every time he'd grab my plate before I even stood up. If that was my only knock on the whole experience I guess I can't be too upset with the overall experience. Give it a shot, then thank me later.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2010,12/15/2010,214,227,5,8,7>This was my first time at First Friday.  Some friends who are much cooler than me asked me to go.  We parked at the El Cortez and took the shuttle at the corner of 6th street to the event.  It was really easy catching the shuttle.  It was not really easy getting a ride back so we just took an $8 cab back to the El Cortez.There were a lot of people.  This is some fantastic people watching.  We ate some slider truck and H & H BBQ.  We had some vodka and redbulls from someone's backyard.  We didn't get to check out a lot of the art work because we were too busy eating and drinking.  I did see some really cool pieces.  I plan on going back next month.  Hopefully, I will be able to drag myself away from the food long enough to really check out the music and art.  Great, cheap way to spend an evening.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,12/14/2010,137,378,14,15,12>Let's get one thing clear right off the bat. I love sliders. Love 'em.Let's get another thing straight right away. I love bars with lots of TV's. Love 'em.Let's get one last thing straight. Fellow Yelper Jonathan S. Just kidding. But seriously. LOLOLOL!!!!!!!This place was awesome. I walked in from the bright, bright sunlight and walked straight into a bar stool. The waitress and manager laughed at me and said, "Yeah, takes a minute to adjust!" Meanwhile, I'm there in my sweatpants, 6 day old scruff, big fluffy cardigan... I looked homeless. Must have been a sight to see.Once my eyes adjusted, I was actually surprised to see how big it was! (that's what she said!) There was a long bar, a lot of booths, and a wall of TVs. The decor was awesome, the booths were comfortable. I'd say this place is literally the perfect casual drink place for a date. My date was Jonathan S. It couldn't have been a more romantic place to share food and rub dinkies under the table.So, we started with the nachos. Chips, creamy avocado - not guacamole - chicken, sour cream on the side, jalapenos, sliced tomato (interesting), and a mixture of a cheese blend and nacho cheese. I'm not a big fan of nacho cheese at all, but it all sort of worked. The nachos weren't my favorite, but it doesn't matter at all because the sliders were just delightful. I mean, simply scrumptious. Delectable. Flavoricious. Mouth bonanza.There were so many good choices, but I settled on the one that was most likely to give me a heart attack; the BBQ chicken sliders. Chicken, homemade BBQ sauce, applewood smoked bacon, a fluffy bun, and a big fat onion ring right in the middle. Hungry yet?I took one look at the dessert menu and laughed. It wasn't happening.Things to note:- $2 drafts/$1 PBRs on Saturday/Sunday for football.- Bar Gamble: If you finish 15 sliders and a big ass roll, your meal is free and you get a t-shirt. If you lose, you owe the bar $50. I'm going to try this eventually as long as the bar supplies the bucket.- Friendly staff: the restaurant's GM and our waitress both took the time to have a conversation with us. Big ups.Solid five stars. I absolutely cannot wait to go back.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,12/13/2010,243,421,7,9,7>I just had to be an Indian foodie today.  Lunch buffet at India Palace, now dinner at Jai Ho.-Chicken corn soup:  Was very creamy and flavorful.  The sweetness of the corn paired with chunks of chicken made this bowl of soup so good.  Because we like it a  bit hot, we asked for some soy sauce and hot sauce.  This took the soup to a whole different level. -Goat Karahi:  yep yep, love my goat.  The first bite I had, it was a bit tough.  I was a  bit disappointed.  But nope, I didn't stop there, I can't give up on it yet.  I took another bite, it was more tender.  So what did I do...I was on a hunt for the more tender pieces in the pot.  I wish they were ALL tender.  It's ok.  I might not order this again though.-Chicken Tikka:  I am used to more flavorful chicken tikka (I am from Houston where there are many indo-pak restaurants...)-Keema Naan:  It was decent-Garlic Naan:  lots of garlic on this naan.  Very good.-Kulfi Faluda:  I have been on a hunt for a Faluda ever since I came to Las Vegas.  This has been the only place that have something similar.  The icecream that was given to me was the pistachio icecream (hence the kulfi in the name).  I am used to the vanilla icecream.  It changes the flavor by alot.  Don't get me wrong, it's still good, but just not as good as I remembered it.The server actually gave us a free order of chicken boti because he did not mention to us that the chicken tikka may take 25 mins since they made to order.  This free order was actually my favorite.  The chicken was nice and tender.  I place this on a garlic naan, some onion, a squeeze of lime, then dunk this bad boy in the tamarind chutney sauce and WALLA!  Made my night!Service: 5 stars!Food: super close to 4 stars!Results:  Definitely recommend and I will come back Fo SHo!
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2010,12/12/2010,887,1183,4,6,4>I've lived around the corner from Shari's Diner (formerly under 2 different names, I think), but I've never been there.  Why?  Well, two reasons:1. In my eyes, you are not truly a diner if you're not open 24 hours, and Shari's isn't even open late.2. The place is a kitschy 50's style diner, and I'm not 12.Nonetheless, my girlfriend was in the mood for some pancakes, and this place is so close, we decided to give it a try.  It was WORSE than I thought as far as ambiance.  We showed up on some sort of special night, and they had a DJ that was taking requests for oldies music.  Why do I know this?  Because the creepy owner came over to our table and awkwardly told us so.  On top of that, there are obvious religious ties to this restaurant, and I'd prefer my food without being preached to.As for the food, it was delicious, though.  The pancake was one of the best pancakes I've ever had, and I don't even like pancakes all that much.  We also shared some eggs, hash browns, and biscuits and gravy.  All were really good, and our entire meal came out to just over $10.If I find myself in the mood for breakfast food and it's early enough, I'll go to the Bagel Cafe.  If I don't mind a drive, I'll go to Blueberry Hill.  If neither of those things work, then I guess I'll be back at Shari's.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/11/2010,143,170,4,8,5>I just got back from a two week trip to Vietnam and was excited to test out Pho Saigon 8 after reading some good reviews from John Curtis.  First, I noticed that some have complained about the service.  It's not prompt, or attentive, but trust me, that's authentic!  In Vietnam servers don't get tipped so they have no reason to be attentive, and there you have to ask for your check... So, if it really is Vietnamese staff working there, expect to have to request your check and realize that it's not rude to approach them.Now for the food!  We ordered vegetarian spring rolls which were tasty, although they could have used some more herby additions.  The dipping sauce was delicious!  We split the Pho Tai (thin strips of beef in the beef pho broth).  The pho was good, not the best I've had, but a solid middle of the road.  It was pretty flavorful, add-ins are appropriate (giant basil, bean sprouts, hot peppers).  But, what impressed me was that they had the rice crepes that have become my favorite Vietnamese meal!The crepe is made with rice flour (it's a savory crepe, folks), cooked in a pan until a bit crispy, and filled with bean sprouts, shrimp, and pork.  It comes with a fish sauce based dripping sauce that augments this dish wonderfully.  With this meal (which appears in the appetizer section, but I use as a main course) comes a giant plate of ruffage.  The proper execution is to take a lettuce leaf, cut off a chunk of the crepe + filling, and use the lettuce leaf as a wrap to make your own little spring roll out of it.  Add in the carrot, some kind of other root vegetable, and mint that they provide.  The rolls are cool and crunchy on the outside, warm, crunchy, and flavorful on the inside.  Don't forget the dipping sauce, it's well worth it.Most Vietnamese restaurants in town don't extend past pho and some stir-fried rice dishes, and maybe a "clay pot" type dish if you're lucky.  This rice "crepe" will keep me coming back for more, yum!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2010,12/10/2010,43,87,8,8,8>New York Style Deli's are a touchy subject with me.  When done right, they are like staring into the face of God and having him smile back you and say "You are my most precious creation" but when done wrong, they make me sadder than Pauly Shore's acting career.  The Bagel is in the former category and can easily lay claim to best delicatessen in Las Vegas.Judge a Jewish deli by five things:  The rye bread, the pastrami, the knish, the sweet & sour cabbage soup and if they sell the black & white cookie.  Alright, that last one might be homage to Seinfeld, but the other 4 will definitely tell you if a Deli is worth it's salt.  The Bagel has them down.  First, the rye bread is fresh and the perfect consistency.  Its got a nice crust and the heels are a perfect complement to any of their soups or sandwiches.  Speaking of soups, their sweet & sour cabbage soup is dynamite.  Chocked full of cabbage and with a simple beef bouillon to absorb the flavors, its a nice lunch on a cold day...to remind you of back home in Jersey.  The pastrami is like butter and practically melts in your mouth and if you want to get fancy, upgrade to a Reuben.  Finally the Knish....where do I began?  You are so good, I'm officially declaring myself on "a gravy train with knish wheels."  So you're probably wondering why no five stars?  Well, the Bagel is excellent but I cant dis the original gangsta deli's like Brent's in LA, Manny's in Chicago or Katz's in New York by putting it on the same level so consider the Bagel 4 1/2 stars as it pays homage to the grand masters.  For Las Vegas however, you can't do any better.  Ohhh, and you're probably wondering why I never even brought up their namesake as well.  Bagels here are good, but bagels are bagels.  They do have an impressive selection and to go is available if you're not dining in.  They also have a bakery that would make my Bubby declare this place "Meshugganah!" the portions are so large....
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,12/9/2010,198,93,10,17,13>Of course im gonna give Trop CInemas 5 stars! $1.50 movies $1.00 on tuesdays! Thats crazy, i always thought.. how do they make profit? Well, yeah the movies are dirt cheap, but the concession stand is where they make the big bucks. Yeah that means prices are the same as a regular theatre for some popcorn, drinks and candy.  But just go to Wal-Mart across the street and sneak some in! TEE-HEE! The movies they play here arent old, and there not new, not in regular theatres anymore and not out on DVD yet.  I'd be here every weekend if it was close to where i live.  I hope this place never closes.  Thanks for saving me hundreds of dollars Trop Cinemas!
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,12/8/2010,224,164,19,20,19>I like Raising Cane's, its close to school and home, drive thru available, always hot, and the toast.. sometimes I go there just for the toast, but thats the problem. I can't be going to my chicken finger spot and only looking forward to the toast. Nooooow... lets pretend I am married to Raising Canes then.. BFG would be my mistress, cheap, hidden, ultra friendly, gives more than receives, and satisfies. Since I've cheated it would only be fair that I compare my lover and my new mistress. Raising Cane's Box Combo (6.89) versus BFG anything (5.75). The drink- Both locations offer similar drinks, coke, diet coke, orange fanta, sprite, and etc.. so thats a tie . The dip- Canes has ketchup and that brown gravy cane's sauce. BFG has 8 dipping sauces (guessing here), from a range of sweet honey mustard to the wassabi cream that brings a little spice to your life. My mathematical logarithms are not so good contrary to stereotypical beliefs but I know that BFG sauces (insert greater than sign) Cane's.  The side- At Cane's you can only get crinkled fries, a little cup of cole slaw, the delicious toast and... thats it. BFG offers you baked mac and cheese, vegetable skewers, garlic bread from a baguette and shoe string fries. If it wasn't for Cane's having that beautiful master piece of toast then they would have been completely dominated instead of mostly dominated by BFG. EL POLLO (CHICKEN)- Cane's crispy chicken reminds me of what any other place that offers fried chicken strips would be like, but BFG's fried chicken is more.. homey, its a mostly unified and equally crispy deep fry of moist addicting chicken. BFG other offerings are grilled and baked, my favorite, which is seasoned and juicy. Sorry Cane's but you gave me no choice (literally) thus checkmate by BFG. Oh there is also a grilled chicken salad which I have yet to try since I am not too fond of salads.It is a bit difficult to find it you aren't familiar with the area, which is somewhat fine for me since its my secret mistress anyways. I also would like to see some more tables, seems to have a lot of free space in the little shop.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2010,12/7/2010,379,224,9,19,12>Now this is a Hidden Gem! Found in the 4 Queens Hotel & Casino, Downtown Vegas. Take steps down to the Underground Dungeon of a True Throw Back in Time Vegas Mob Style Dining Area.Every Lady that steps foot in here, receives a long stem red rose.. Brownie points already! We didn't have a reservation but we were given a table in literally a minute and the place was filled. The host was a jokester, had a great sense of humor that definitely set a positive vibe and loosened things up.  2 Servers(1 Server & 1 Assistant Server, Not Busser) immediately pulled out our chairs, and greeted us with much enthusiasm! Without wasting time, they poured their own in-house bottled water into our glasses. Within seconds, our bread basket (basic dinner rolls and  lavash) was dropped off with butter that had been intricately sculpted into a rose bud! Menu offered a wide variety and every other entree I grazed at was so appealing. But I was sold on their 21 Day Dry Aged Top Shelf Rib Eye that is char-broiled and served with mushroom ragout and bordelaise sauce.  My girl orders Hugo's Chicken - breast of chicken stuffed with a sun dried tomato pesto and roasted garlic sauce. Both dishes included sides of veggies and mashed potatoes. Not only that, the order also came with their Custom Made Salad and Dessert!!!!! Shortly after, a gentleman with this hunky salad cart rolled over and started to toss the  salad and asked what additions I cared for, about 15 different options! I added, creamy pepper dressing, onions, tomato, egg, artichoke hearts, hearts of palm, parmesan cheese and croutons (they had anchovies and nuts too..). The lettuce, onions, extremely juicy tomato was farm picked fresh, artichoke hearts and hearts of palms added that lucious subtle flavor, egg, parmesan cheese and croutons just complemented each other wonderfully!! This disappeared in minutes.. Then one of the servers handed us over a tiny ice cream cone with a scoop of raspberry sorbet! Nice!About 10 minutes later, the servers came over with our piping hot plates of steak and chicken. The Steak was a chunky piece of meat that had Flawless grill marks checkered throughout. Fork tender and their mushroom/bordelaise aujus makes this Steak Unrivaled by Most Other Rib Eye's I've Ever Had!The chicken had an aroma that filled the air with garlic and sundried tomatoes. As good as it smelled, it tasted even better! The stuffing/sauce flavors were expertly balanced with the chicken. Undeniably recommended!The included sides were small but were a satisfying amount of vegetables, mash potato and pamesan crusted tomato that were all very good.When we were done, the servers boxed our leftovers and bagged them for carry-out.Next came the dessert tray, with an assortment of divine looking Treats.. We passed since we had our Chocoloate Covered/Dipped Strawberries, figs and apricot with their homemade whipped cream to come to the rescue! It came swiftly on this propped up cake stand, exactly what we needed to end the night right! Semi-sweet chocolate, flavorful fruits and fluffy whipped cream equals dessert Greatness!What an Experience! This place has Romance written all over it! Candle-lit dim dining room, Accomodating A+ Service, and Most Importantly this place doesn't Break the Bank! Just be cautious not to crack open too many bottles of Wine!!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,12/6/2010,390,337,8,14,11>In the continuing effort to find the "unique and unusual" around Vegas and slightly beyond, my adventures led me to this place for an event.Don't be surprised if you're driven past this on your travels to Red Rock.  You wouldn't think much about it, but the ranch itself is charming.  My first impression was met with the charming and wild (yet semi-tame) burros that wander around, and will greet you in hopes that visitors will offer them a treat.  I'm not going to lie: I brought one celery and named him "Stanley", of which he did not object to either option.The ranch itself looks like something out of the late 1800's or an Old West movie set.  There's plenty of little shops and eateries (I've heard the main restaurant is really good, though I've yet to try it), and it's a pretty area to walk around and get lost in.There's also a train to ride back and forth from the parking lot, and a petting zoo for the kids.  There's even a hotel (again, another thing I hadn't tried), but still interesting to find all of this out in the middle of nowhere.I haven't seen any of their live shows, but the staff that I met were very friendly and accommodating.  I'll have to go back one day when the whole event is in full swing to experience everything properly.It's a neat place, very quiet, and certainly very different from the majority of the "tourist" fare out here.  If you want a little out of the way place to explore that looks like it's from a different era, you'll have found what you're looking for here.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,12/4/2010,299,78,2,6,3>this is my favorite buffet of all of las vegas. granted, i havent been to them all, but it still reigns my favorite.first - included with the dinner, unlimited beer and wine!!! the cider is pretty damn good. not too big on pbr or their other drafts, but the cider is quite nice. they have wine also. the white zin's pretty good as well (just a tip: they'll let you take 2 at a time)second - if you go during seafood brunch/dinner its definitely worth it! crab legs, oysters and shrimp. i go for the crab legs and oysters, but everything has always been fresh and super tasty!!!third - theres so many different kinds of food there (pasta, pizza, steaks, seafood, asian dishes, salad, soup, breads, sushi and fruit). food items differ but there will definitely be something you like!!!fourth - the dessert. gelato is on point! the macaroons are yummy!!! creme brulee is amazing. and - they offer coffee drinks wit baileys as well (for those of you 21+)overall, worth the 1 or 2 hours you may wait in line and the $30+ you'll pay per person for seafood brunch/dinner. a little tip: we went in one sunday for brunch right before noon or so, and we waited maybe 15 minutes. shortest wait ever!!!compared to rio and paris buffet...this is probably the buffet i wont mind paying for.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,12/3/2010,40,75,6,4,5>This joint IS a dive bar. not a punk rock dive bar, but a real life dive. A dive bar is hood. a dive bar scares you a little bit upon arrival (admit it) but it's that fear that keeps you coming back, This place is a tad seedy.  Not quite the seediest, but you won't see a bachlorette party here. ever. Before there was pub crawls here, we made our own. This was #5 on the list, the bartender was a really cool old rocker chick, real cool lady. They had a deal ANY shot AND  ANY beer for 3 bucks that still might be going on. We got gangsta and where doing shots of crown and spraying each other with the beer. Rocker bartender joined in. epic!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,12/2/2010,18,77,5,6,3>Holly crap, this place serves one of the best, scratch that, the best sandwich I have had in vegas.  I love the Pauly Walnuts and it has capicola, prosciutto, and genoa salami with sharp provolone (top notch quality). They serve it with lettuce and marinated tomatoes and the best part is the delicious hard roll it's served on.  It is a perfect sandwich roll, delicious mild sour flavor, not to hard, and chewy.  (I love bread)I am from San Francisco and I love deli sandwiches but have never found anything that I have liked in town until now (I love a bobbie but thats completely different).   I think this place only has italian meats and cheeses so don't come here looking for a bacon and turkey sandwich.  Also the sandwiches with the artisan meats and cheeses are just a tad under 9 bucks but it's worth it because you figure those ingredients are expensive, and they don't skimp so I feel its a fair price.  All the hot sandwiches like cheese steaks and meatballs are actually a buck or 2 cheaper.  I had the cheese steak and I wasn't crazy about it but I did have a made to order mini canolli for a buck and it was fantastic, they also sell great gelato by the pint.  I gave them a 5 because the cold cut sandwich was that great and they were very friendly, and the canolli is awesome for a small one buck dessert.  I can't wait to try the meatball sub after reading the other reviews.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,12/1/2010,157,342,4,8,6>Another review update for Firefly and another perfect 10, or 5 in our yelp world.  I know that most of my hardcore friends here on yelp have some mixed reviews which is totally understandable.  However, I through different situations at these guys/gals and they always seem to pull through.  17.... Yes, 17 people at 8:00 for a birthday dinner! Guess what, we arrived at 7:55 and were seated at 8.  The service was some of the best I've ever seen.  I've been to this location numerous times and they were packed and just flying around the restaurant taking care of their patrons.  The food was all fantastic and the drinks matched perfectly.  For the money, its one of my favorite places to go and to take others along with me.  I cannot wait for a yelp event to take place at one of their locations.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,11/30/2010,269,231,1,8,4>Everything looks clean and newly renovated from the lobby, elevator, hallways & rooms. Rumor Vegas is the former home of St Tropez Hotel. They have a 24 hour pool, 24 hour bar area and a restaurant with a chef from one of the popular food reality TV shows. The hotel is 18+ as the pool area has European bathing.I like the large room with sitting area, the rainfall style shower head, flat screen LCD that is attached to a swing arm, WiFi property wide that is currently $9.95 & is included in the resort fee of the same price at the time of this review. The modern sinks and shower with embedded seat is something you don't find at even the largest of hotels. The wall accents are also different and somewhat fun inside of the room. I got a second story room that faced Harmon Rd. The sound level from the cars passing by was barely noticeable and I had no problem sleeping.I happened to be staying at the hotel during the annual DefCon convention. Rumor hosted the Ninja Networks party that was invite only with about 2,000 people that attended. Everyone was having a great time inside and out with a band and DJ. He stayed until about 5 am the next morning.When I checked out, the front desk person asked me if I needed any recommendations or help with my luggage. He was as courteous as the person that checked me in a few days prior. The room was complimentary and was not in return for any review. I would recommend this property to others and I already have.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2010,11/29/2010,19,136,,6,4>This is an amazing place.  I took my wife here for our honeymoon dinner and it was fantastic!Word of warning, it is a bit pricey.  Dinner for two could run you up to or beyond $500.Atmosphere -- one word... Wow.  It is located on the top floor of THE HOTEL.  When you walk in, there are these bubble things hanging from the ceiling.  And, the whole place is like WHITE.  It was kinda a surreal moment.  I wished I knew that you could sit outside and have dinner.  The view is truly amazing.  The hotel overlooks the whole strip.  So romantic.  However, we ended up sitting inside.  They put us in this clam looking booth.  Yes, it looks like a futuristic booth with a ceiling.  I guess that is the best way to describe it.  By the way, the bar was awesome too.  However, my wife kinda got turned off with the # of "plastic" people at the bar -- probably high end prostitutes... you never know.Service - excellent.  We were originally seated in an uncomfortable corner and the waiter moved us to our clam seats... which had more room.  Also, the waiter knew his stuff.  We went with his recommendations throughout the dinner and were quite please with the results.Food -- we had scallops for an appetizer.  It was awesome.  Then, we had this funky salad.  I would say that the dressing made the dish... don't know how to describe it though.  For our entrees, I had the  Medallion Beef with potatoes and my wife had some sort of fish with a side of veggies.  We both loved our dish.  For dessert, we shared a cheesecake.  In all, the quality of the food was excellent.  We definitely would be back...
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,11/28/2010,22,85,4,6,6>I am NOT a  breakfast food person... Most of the foods for breakfast are either too sweet OR they are eggs.I am not a fan of either.However ... there are times when there is this crazy craving for pancakes. To satiate this craving I head not to IHOP but to Blueberry Hill. They have the most awesome pancakes EVER.Now I am a creature of habit, so whenever I went I would get the blueberry pancakes with blueberry compote. But then I discovered crepes... oh... my....gravy... the crepes... they are evil good... they pull you in and they want you to have them daily. They are super thin , and filled with a cream cheese filling ... and have compote on the top...ohhh yeah sign me up... Then even better than that are the Rum Runner Pancakes .. they are coconut/pineapple captain morgan goodness that should be your go to for a carb overload... and comfort food friend.Delish! Gotta say the staff is always friendly and always has amazing service.luh-luh LOVE IT as soon as the foot is better i am trekking down for some serious pancake eating. :)
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,11/27/2010,48,141,4,5,6>I love this place, It is not much to look at, but the staff does try to make it feel good and the personal touches are so sweet.I can't wait to work my way through the menu, it feels like a family joint.Really nice wait staff, and fast takeout!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/26/2010,31,95,2,3,4>I hadn't been to SushiWa in forever and decided to revisit the first place I had tried Live Uni (YUM!!) earlier this week. To those who've never dined at this sushi joint, you need to look at the specials board BEFORE you peruse the extensive menu. That's where these talented folks showcase their fresh, seafood delicacies, and you can decide how adventurous you want to be with what you eat! This time around, my bizarre food moment came with my first taste of torigai (Japanese Cockle)... last time, it was geoduck (large clam). That's not to say that the folks at SushiWa don't do everything else... you can certainly find your fair share of fresh sashimi (their yellowtail, salmon and tuna are always good), and all the crazy rolls you can eat. I would also highly recommend their crispy rice -- a thin layer of crisped rice on top of which is a perfect portion of spicy tuna and other accoutrements including some caviar eggs -- DELISH! SushiWa is a little bit more expensive than some of the other sushi joints in town... but I don't mind paying more for a food adventure now and then. GO. And make sure to have your own Andrew Zimmern moment.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2010,11/25/2010,56,51,4,9,9>Sambalatte has become one of our favorite hang-out spots.  It's a large open space with plenty of tables, chairs, outlets for laptops, magazines, books, and board games.  There's also a small second story- loft style- with a tv and more seating.  When we were there, twice now, the background music was nice and upbeat- very W-hotel-esque. It's located in the back of Boca Park area, in the same plaza as Cheesecake Factory and Gordon Biersh, where it's a perfect area for just hanging out and people watching. The coffee and espressos are delicious.  The coffee is individually brewed and the latte/cappuccinos have designs in the foam.  Definitely a nice touch by the owners and staff.   They also have gelato, teas, sandwiches and an assortment of desserts and morning pastries.I would love to see them close a little later on the weekends because it'd be a nice place to get dessert after dinner.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,11/23/2010,178,81,5,8,8>My love for Indian food has been re-ignited!! It's been dormant for about 2 years now ever since I left San Francisco where you can find a Naan N Curry on almost every street corner.  In Vegas we are in the land of plenty but not plenty of curry--Indian OR Japanese (still looking for the Japanese so if anyone has any suggestions message me!)Trek all the way to the Strip for good Indian food?  Me thinks not!  Even if it is only 12 miles away.  I like things to be within a 5 mile radius...isn't life just more convenient that way??After visiting the new Fresh & Easy off of Anne Rd. we notice a wittttle bitty  sign that says "Indian Curry Bowl" What? Could it be? Noooo...is that what I think it says?? "Food for a Healthy Body and Soul"--- I am HUGE on freshness and this place has precisely all the freshness your lips will touch.  I won't talk about the delicious food because you can read that from the other great reviews. I will make one important note about their food though-- everything is organic. They make their yogurt and spices from scratch! Lunch is in the $5-$10 range and dinner will be in the $12-$15 range.So, I want to talk about how great you will feel coming out of there.  You're greeted by warmth, care, and sweet personality. The owner Amand and his lovely partner, fellow chef and owner Rita, make you feel like you are an honored guest in their own home.  Amand "Andy" greets you with a warm smile and makes sure that you are enjoying yourselves and your stay there. He's so very sweet.Indian Curry Bowl, you've made a  HUGE fan out of us.  (I was also instantly drawn to them softly playing the wonderful sounds of Thievery Corporation---they're hip too?? Very cool!)"A harmony of tastes" yep, I would definitely have to agree.
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,11/22/2010,293,585,5,3,4>Very pretty lounge with an slightly older crowd. I was there during the SEMA convention so that could have an affect on the crowd too.I like that this place isn't massive. I didn't like the $6 I had to pay for one bottled water. However, with that said, I didn't actually pay for it. The guy standing next to me at the bar did it. That's nice. In fact... I got offered a steak dinner from someone else within minutes.Single ladies. If you're hungry or thirsty,... this is the place to meet someone for a free meal. Just kidding! Seriously though, I like the size of the place and the lighting is beautiful. You feel kinda glamorous just standing there in your jeans and t-shirt.Oh and the $6 bottle of water is pretty glam too.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,11/21/2010,93,649,3,15,8>A few years back I was on vacationing Amsterdam and I wandered into a bakery where I had a piece of the best tasting apple torte I have ever had in my life. Ever since that trip I have been on a mission to find baked goods that compare to the goodies we had in Amsterdam. I was delighted when I learned that there was an European style bakery in my neighborhood. Chef Fleming's Bake Shop is ran by a man that learned his craft while living in Denmark. Not quite the same as Holland but getting pretty close!I decided to stop in this past Saturday after doing some errands just because my sweet tooth was acting up. I picked out 4 items, two were for me and two were for my husband:Pumpkin cupcake - For me, and it was amazing. Moist cupcake with the perfect amount of cream cheese frosting. Bread pudding - An individual size serving, I got this for my husband who LOVES bread pudding. He devoured it, only let me have one little taste. It was the perfect consistency, nice and creamy. I wish I would have gotten another one of these.Raspberry tart thingy - For me, I wish I would have wrote down the name of this one. It was a little cake with a raspberry glaze and some crushed pistachios on top. The cake was a little dry.Apple cinnamon torte - For my husband, this was an individual size serving, not a full pie. I did not get to try this, I assume it was good because it disappeared quickly.Total cost for the 4 items was $8. Service was friendly, as it has been every time I have gone in.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,11/20/2010,364,129,7,8,9>If it wasn't for bf's and I indecisiveness about what to eat for dinner, I wouldn't have had the opportunity to say this now..hahaWe were trying to decide whether we should do sushi or italian? Then the next thing we thought is the prices were too high for a roll of sushi! which then brings us to think about all-you-can-eat, since he'd rather pay more to get more! theeen it came to a decision for Tofu Hut because he's been here many times and loooves this place! And its my first time! The highlight: ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT BBQ!!! (nom nom nom!)The price: $16.99 per person (not bad)The list of meats we picked: - Short Ribs (my fave..so juicy and mouthwatering)- Brisket (my 2nd fave! Thin sliced and flavorful)- Boneless chicken thigh (good, a lil spicy)- Short Ribeye (good, tender, but kinda salty)- Pork Belly (taste like bacon)The Sides included:- Cucumber- Tofu - Kimchee- (korean radishes)- a big bowl of salad This place is "COOK YOUR OWN SHIT!" Lol. So definitely it would be a cool place to eat at with friends, family, and especially A DATE! haha. that way everyone can all help out together cooking, crackn laughs, and just having a good time! FYI****sniffs*  the smell from the food will be stuck to your clothes. blah!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,11/18/2010,563,342,3,9,6>All You Can Eat awesomeness for only $20 a head.  I'm from San Jose, CA and it gets pretty damn pricey for All You Can Eat Korean BBQ.  Being in Vegas, don't come here right before a night out or you'll smell like food the whole night.  Come here strictly for eating.  All you can eat is now for a limited time during the evening so make sure you check first.  But this place is still good to order off the menu.  But if you're hungry....go during All You Can Eat hours....SUPER worth it.My boyfriend and my homies came here this past weekend and I treated for Mother's Day.  It was definitely worth it at $20 per person because we ate A LOT.  We ordered like 5 orders of beef tongue, 2 orders of pork belly, 1 order of roast beef, 1 order of BBQ ribs, 2 order thinly sliced beef, and we even got the small calf intestines.    Everything tasted good.  All the meat was flavorful, was well marinated, and easy to cook.  They help you out in the beginning, but while you're sitting there, you get to finish off the cooking yourself. I don't recommend the roast beef though because its cubed.  I like thin sliced.  Faster to cook and tastes way better.The salad, kim chi, sprouts, and other side dishes were all good too.  Be careful though, they can make you full.  But the salad is yummy...no need for rice!Come here in a group.  It is a fun and interacitve  dining experience that should be shared among good people on a good night for good vibes!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2010,11/17/2010,563,825,2,5,3>I always drive by Ping Pong whenever I go to Ross J's to get lunch. In my neverending quest to keep trying new places, I finally decided to give them a go. To my delight, they have Panang Curry as one of their lunch specials. That's pretty much my go-to curry choice. I went with the basic choice of chicken, but you can also get veggie, tofu, beef, pork, or upgrade to shrimp or even salmon.The curry tasted good. I'm realizing that I'm not that picky in general. My currrent favorite Panang is Archi's, so I have to compare to that. I give the edge to Archi's for overall flavor. Both feature string beans, but Archi's Panang has a slightly better cut and texure to the string bean. Sounds silly, but I really like what string beans bring to the mix.I'm in between three and four stars. I'll leave it at a strong three. I'm definitely adding Ping Pong to my lunch destination rotation.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,11/16/2010,212,67,2,9,6>I remember going to Thelma's in Waipahu. My aunty loved them and we would always be there at least 2-3x months. She called to tell me that they were opening up in LV. Lately we've been going to Elena's but it is pretty far from us, and because of the Yelper's, now I don't have to drive that far.Thelma's serves Illocano food and it is very familiar  and almost as good as Grandma's cooking. You read that right...ALMOSTas good as. LOLThey have a good menu and offer either dishes or  combination plates.We ordered:Pinakbet, Pancit, Chicken adobo, and a Halo halo.They were all good especially the pinakbet- its been awhile since i had pinakbet.The restaurant was very spacious and clean. You can't see the restaurant from Sunset Rd. or Marks St. But they are in same complex as Aloha Kitchen & Vitamin World across from Best Buy.The service was also very good and the food came out quick. My little pinoy princess also got a free treat. Salamat!I will definitely be going back very soon. Can't wait to try their breakfast menu.Aloha!!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2010,11/15/2010,606,96,8,14,12>I'm a true night owl at heart and I was so looking forward in trying this place that I literally set my alarm clock to wake up super early to beat the lunch crowd here.The location may seem like a scavenger hunt... if you're coming from Rainbow Blvd., making a right onto W. Sunset Rd., you'll drive up and when you see tall office buildings and shiny reflective windows, you'll know you're almost there.. make a left as soon as you see an entry to go in... stay on the left side of the whole complex and when you see the office building number 8337, it's behind that building and you'll be making a slight right passing it. Baguette Cafe will be next to Bank of America. Hope these directions help in your hunt if you decide to give this cafe a try.I walked in and was greeted right away with a friendly, sweet smile from a gentleman named Olivier. He asked me my name and if I worked in one of the offices nearby and I told him no, but that I stopped by because I wanted to try this cafe. He was happy that I came here and started to passionately talk about what's the specials are today and specifically told me each ingredient that were in those dishes. He was very informative as if he knew everything by heart to the very last seasoning. I love it when you can tell when someone has the "fire" for flavor and food... He enjoyed telling me everything as if he was sharing his favorite recipe with me. All this, while I don't have any makeup on... I know scary right??!?!? It's not even Halloween yet!! Yikes! And he still treated me as if I was his #1 guest. I ended up trying the Prosciutto Baguette which consist of: mixed greens, tomato, prosciutto, salami, blue cheese, walnut, and celery spread. My sandwich and a handful portion of mixed green salad that had a tangy dressing on top of it was plated on a rectangular white glass dish. Olivier brought me some utensils and hope I enjoy my meal. From the first look at this Baguette.. I was afraid the bread would be tougher than leather to chew and harder than rock to break glass.. BUT it wasn't at all the case. It was tough on the outside, since most baguette are made that way and soft in the inside... almost spongy. The bread was good, but I was chewing way more than I ever did when eating a sandwich. I actually woke up the next day with a slight sore jaw, but I remember Olivier mentioning that I can order it Panini- style instead of Baguette. There wasn't anything wrong with the Baguette, as a matter of fact the whole sandwich was satisfying and all the ingredients complimented each other. The celery spread tasted light and fresh with a touch of tartness... it kept me guessing what's in it, but it was a delicious spread that softened the saltiness of the freshly cut prosciutto. The walnuts even made it mellow, in a sense giving it a smooth flavor. The blue cheese wasn't so profound, but you can taste it was there. Overall, I did enjoyed this meal. I washed my palate down with some Green Tea Pomegranate Iced Tea that they served there. It was the bitter kind without having any sugar, but I like it sometimes like that. I bought two muffins on my way out: the Pumpkin and Strawberry. I recall Olivier bringing out a fresh batch of muffins when I first walked in the cafe... they ran out of the Banana Nut Muffin, which I wanted to try, but the Pumpkin Muffin was out of this world delicious! I originally was only going to one bite and start my errands, but it so happens that before I knew it... I did my own magical act and the Pumpkin Muffin disappeared in thin air into my tummy. I know I didn't know I had such talent, but I was still in disbelief that I ate it all in a few seconds. Poof!! Abbra Cudabbra give me another Pumpkin muffin!! :( Sadly I couldn't make it happen and my muffin bag was still empty... darn. I saved the Strawberry Muffin for my date and he asked me if it was still good?!??! Ooo I wanted to hit him upside his head, but no no I'm not a violent person so I told him.. of course it's still good, they made it today!!! What?!? Is he crazy to think I'm going to give him a rotten, spoiled muffin??! Come on! He later told me he ate it for breakfast the next day and it was good. This cafe isn't a fast food order and BAM it comes out in a flash... no siree bob... they make it after you order and use the freshest ingredients. If you have time to relax, then you'll enjoy this place... but if you want something quick... maybe a salad or muffin doesn't take that long... they have a good selection of salads if that's something you are looking for. Fraps, hot chocolate, smoothies too! They have outside seating as well and bring out the food for you when it's ready. They even play catchy, fun even romantic french music.. nice listening pleasure while you grab a bite to eat or wanting to relax over some tea or coffee. Even though it might be challenging to find this cafe, you'll be happy you took the journey to find it.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,11/14/2010,55,79,4,3,4>After seeing Peter A's review, I totally had to check it out. I've been craving a burger lately but didn't feel like traveling too far. Plus who can pass up a hot dog! We walked into a pretty crowded place on a Sunday at 1pm. We sat down and ordered some drinks. My husband and I debated the menu for a bit. There were so many things that sounded so good. We finally decided on an order of buffalo cheesy fries, a guacamole jalapeño burger for me, a pastrami burger for hubby, a corn dog kids meal and a kraut dog to share. Buffalo cheesy fries - slightly tangy sauce with melted cheese. They weren't salty or spicy but were good.Guacamole jalapeño burger - I devoured this. The guacamole was creamy. There were just enough jalapeños to give it a little kick without overpowering it. Yummy deliciousness. Pastrami burger - I took a bite. I just had to. It looked too good. The mustard had just the right kick. The pastrami complimented the burger in such the right way. Kraut dog - oh snap... Literally! It was so good. Just enough spicy mustard and kraut. The kraut was crisp and wasn't too sour. Corn dog - nothing special. The stick said Foster's Farm. This is going to be my local go to for a good burger and hot dog.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2010,11/13/2010,263,168,5,8,4>Boy I was hungry for lunch! I wanted Vietnamese sandwich and someplace new. So, I called Dakao to see if they had a vegetarian sandwich. Check! I asked if they accept credit card! Check! I asked if there is a minimum! $8! Ouch....all I wanted is one vegetarian sandwich. The gentleman said that he will process the transaction with 1 sandwich for $3. So, I jumped in my bat mobile and off to Dakao I go!!Once I arrived it was all wrapped and ready to go. I did a squeeze test and it felt a little hard. With an open mind, I proceeded back to the office with my Dakao Veggie sandwich. A las! Back in the office and a bite I go! Indeed and which I was afraid of...bread was hard and crispy, I prefer my bread Fresh as in a hint of crisp on the outside, soft and warm in the inside! Although I was disappointed with the not so fresh bread and they didn't have any hoisin or siracha sauce, the inside of the sandwich tasted yummy and fresh. Tofu was sauteed with veggie soy sauce, Cilantro, carrots, daikon and cucumber was organically fresh and crispy. I will give Daikao a chance and next time will request for a fresh bread by expressing my last experience to the gentleman.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,11/12/2010,693,1125,12,11,11>My goodness greasy, burn yo finger chicken. These are the kinds of places I miss from LA. Over there, the food was proper and the hospitality is abundant....it's been a long time, but frankly my broken ass self can't add hypertension to the list of issues so it's a real treat to get some Southern comfort. I'm with everyone that the cornbread pancakes are love. I've had these once as a cornbread pigs in a blanket in a southern mommas home. These were better. It's nothing crazy creative, but it's simple goodness comfort at it's finest. I had a white meat fried chicken plate with red beans and rice and collard greens. The chicken was juicy and I think the seasoning was good...slightly more salty than I normally like, but I'm not big on salt. Once I dipped in a side of gravy and hot sauce though, it was all good. Muddy water to wash it down was perfect. Red beans and rice is basic and decent, collard greens were decent. BF got the chicken and waffles. The waffles were interesting since they were shaped like a hot dog bun and the batter was a cinnamon batter. We thought the waffle was good alone, but that the sweet waffle got a bit too much after a while. I prefer plain waffles with chicken. I want to get these waffles for breakfast though.We brought the BF's mom and grandma and they had a chicken plate and meatloaf. Both were very happy with it and it got the approval that they said there will be a "next time". The BF would like to say that he feels this is the best chicken he's had and that he wants the 5 star bump. Both his mom and he would like to add that neither are fried chicken people, but enjoyed it enough that they'd both want the chicken again. I'm saying this is good, solid fare, but it's not the absolute best Mississippi cooking I've had.....but I'd have to fly out to go get to my favorite food spot though. I felt the food after, but that isn't their fault my busted self indulged in fatty chicken and salts. Worth it though- drinking plenty of water to flush it out. 4 stars for the food.With me, the 5 star bump is definitely because of the staff. We walked in and the owner greeted us enthusiastically. Our server was sweet and our service was attentive. Our server even offered to pull me up a to-go muddy water since everyone was finished with foods, but I was still thirsty and took just a gulp to finish it off.  When our plates came except the BF's, the owner noticed and went up to the window to check up on the kitchen and promptly brought out his order. Gotta appreciate an owner who has a hand in the smooth operation. And speaking of the line, it's crazy how they kick it old school without any tickets and call out the order- the kitchen doesn't mess up orders much either. Food never sits longer than a few seconds on the pass so food is hot and fresh for everyone. Sure, it takes a while to get some foods, but it was busy and everything is fried up fresh. I'd be worried if it didn't take a moment to make since everything should be fresh....I think we're so used to fast foods that most people might think it's a long wait. Won't slap our mommas, but we'll bring em back!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,11/11/2010,446,223,7,9,7>What to say about Dads? Well there is a lot to say, like, " OH MY CHEESE".  I ordered the godfather and was a pleasantley surprised. They do not skimp on the meat, cheese, or peppers. This perfectly grilled little sandwich of goodness was perfect and really hit the spot. The girl at the counter recommended it and I now feel that she is a very smart person and deserves a tip. The atmosphere is interesting, the red walls tattered with grilled cheese pictures and the row of celeb visitors is an odd blend but it works. IT was a little different when I was standing at the register and the chef came out of the back and was dressed and decorated like he was working at a 5 star restaurant cooking tartar in the back. Now to me, this could be a good and a bad thing he either loves Flare or he is an amazing chef that had an amazing idea to make amazing grilled cheese sandwiches.... Guess what? He must be an amazing chef with an amazing idea because it was very very very good.So to the girl at the counter and the decorated chef in the back, Great job!!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,11/10/2010,292,759,4,10,10>I had never been to a bar by myself but I had an hour to kill between social engagements downtown and the idea of taking the edge off the day at a swanky bar was appealing. The place was basically empty when I rolled up at 4 PM, but even in it's sad empty state I was into the vibe here. The bartender working was adorable, sweet, and carried on just the right amount of conversation with me to make me feel welcome. Oh, and she was a badass bartender, too! I told her I wanted something fruity but not sweet. Not much fake syrups, added sweeteners, that sort of thing. She suggested the watermelon martini, light on the simple syrup. I hate most watermelon cocktails because they are green or hot pink and remind me of jolly ranchers and they use "pucker", but I trusted her and she delivered! The cocktail wasn't sweet at all, and was so fresh and summery and delicious. I followed up the watermelon with a blueberry cocktail. Also tasty, but  the watermelon cocktail was the best ! She also offered me an "earthy" free shot of some kind. So complex, interesting, and tasty. Oh and I polished off an entire f-ing cheeseplate by my self while there. Oops (I literally think I downed 12 ounces of cheese in one sitting - my cheese addiction is scary!). The cheese and 2 cocktails came to $20ish during happy hour. Well worth it ! I will be back, but not sure if I'm ready to see this place on a happening night. The tasty well crafted cocktails pair nicely with a quiet relaxing evening in my book !!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,11/9/2010,227,166,1,5,5>I've been here 3+ times in the last few weeks and I'm already planning my upcoming visits. I've had great service and really great food.I always get the meat combo w/ sides. My two fave meats are brisket and pulled pork. My two favorite sides are collard greens and collard greens. :) Try the ribs too... Wow!As a pie hater, I didn't think to order the cobbler a la mode, but due to the waiter's convincing promise of its goodness, we gave it try. Wow! It's one of the best restaurant desserts ever. I've only had blackberry. Try it, seriously.There are coupons on the company's website that don't have an expiration, so just double check with your waiter if you can use 'em before ordering. I'm mos def a regular --- See you there!
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,11/8/2010,76,115,9,7,11>Ta Ta is to me what McDonald's is to many Americans. When I'm too hungry and lazy to cook after work, I go to Ta Ta. The four stars are for fair prices, convenient location, healthy food and (to copy from a fellow Yelper) "feels like Cheers."  I've made new friends at Ta Ta and feel a sense of ownership over my seat at the bar. It's been our staple sushi spot for five years. That being said, I like the sushi at many other spots better. Ta Ta's female sushi chef has the best personality. She is a great addition to the restaurant.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,11/7/2010,21,77,2,6,3>When you're Italian, you're always very critical of Italian food.  You rarely go out to Italian restaurants, and it never compares to Grandma's.  But there are always those few places that are able to capture the essence of simple, Italian comfort food.  Cugino's is one of those places.  Now I'm not saying this is better than my Grandma's food, but if I need to get my fix of Italian comfort food in Vegas, Cugino's is where I come.  It's a family-owned Italian restaurant that also serves as a deli, too.  They serve all the stuff your Grandma would have served you if you grew up in an Italian household.  Sausage and Peppers, Meatballs, Veal Parmesan, Grilled Eggplant, Spaghetti w/ Meat Sauce, Italian Grinders, etc...I usually come in for a cold sandwich of mortadella, cappicola (gabagoul), salame, and provolone sandwich with all the fixings.  Great sandwiches made with great meat.  You know it's Italians in charge when they have great quality meats.  I also opt for the Sausage and Peppers Sandwich sometimes because this is true comfort food for me.  They make their own sausage, and you can buy it raw from them if you ever want to cook some up at home.  They also have Pizzas at Cugino's, which I like a lot.  The owners are from New York, so it's of course thin crust.  Very authentic NY style pizza; very large slices, foldable, and cheesy.  Great pizza, and pretty cheap at around $10 for a large.  I would highly suggest Cugino's if you love simple Italian food.  I haven't found anywhere around Las Vegas that looks more like New York's Italian delis.
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2010,11/6/2010,39,202,3,5,5>Ahh Dino's...If you can't win at Dino's, Don't play!The other reviews pretty much sum it up.  Cheap drinks ($2.50 beers that increase to $3 during karaoke), fun karaoke and great people watching.  Oh and you're also right across the street from the OG so if Dino's isn't cutting the mustard you can run across the street for your pole dance fix.If you are into the karaoke on the weekends be sure to show up around 10, it get's pretty crowded and unless you get your ticket in soon, and tip Danny G, you'll be waiting a while to get on stage.  The play list is extensive and carries some tunes I've never seen at other bars.  Some of the talent here is fabulous.Ugh, hack, it's hella smokey in this place.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,11/5/2010,234,139,8,12,9>IT'S OK TO GIGGLE IF IT TICKLES WHEN THEY MASSAGE YOUR FEET...I was in need of a massage after bouncing around at the Elite event at Sky Zone the other night. Elnino F, Anthony M, and Jieun L, and I hit this place up earlier tonight. We were in the first room and there were only 3 seats. They brought in another chair so we didn't have to split up. We were given hot tea and a plate which had some crackers and candy.We all decided on getting a 1 hour session. My masseuse was Jessica. She was on point. She figured out where all my knots were! Towards the end of the massage, she even stepped on my back to take care of the areas which needed extra work!! When the hour was over, I think we all wanted more...The only complaint I have about this place is when they turned on their red neon window light half way through hour session. It caused the dim room to have a red glow and a annoying buzzing sound. The massage was feeling so good, that I was able to block out that annoying buzzing sound.We got 10% off for mentioning Yelp when we made our appointment, which brought it from $38 to $35 for the 1 hour session. We all got a stamp card which gets you 1 free massage after 10 paid sessions.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,11/4/2010,161,172,4,6,9>Shabu Shabu Paradise is the shiznit!  I've been here about 5 times over the course of 2 years and it's always been good each time i walk out that door.  Every visit i made it's always been the same sweet, young lady that single handily runs the front of the house. She's very attentive and works very efficient.  I was surprised she even remembered my allergy to peanuts because she brought me my favorite dipping sauce, Miso dressing, without me asking for it.   Shabu shabu is basically Japanese fondue.  You cook your veggies and meats to your own liking and pair it up with a dipping sauce. I usually get the "Jack" with beef since it's a perfect amount of meat for me as i take advantage of their unlimited refills on salad.  Your meal also comes with an unlimited amount of delicious white rice.  It's out of the ordinary if i can finish a whole bowl of it to myself, but the rice here taste that much cleaner and fresher.3 dipping sauce comes with your order:  ponzu, spicy ponzu, and peanut sauce.  However, I think their Miso dressing from their house salad is the best dipping sauce there is with a few little tweaks. First, ask for a side of garlic paste (just a small amount inside the ramekin will pack a huge punch) and dump the whole thing into your Miso sauce. Then load it up with shaved daikons and scallions to give the sauce some thickness.  Mix it around and 'Trust!'It's a bummer I don't take advantage of their coupons they hand out after the meal because they're so far from me, but i'll never pass up the free dessert!  Small scoop of ice cream with your choice of toppings, strawberries or chocolate. I love this place and i love popping my friends' shabu shabu's cherries here too!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/2/2010,11/3/2010,1362,984,11,11,11>Another review from an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) where we had 4 participants who accepted the Pho Challenge that day (Jen S., Bobby Y., James A., and Robert R.) out of our party of 20+ diners.We gathered at the two tables to the right, at the front of the restaurant near the fish tank with the lone gigantic fish (who I think has been eating too much pho during its lifetime).  It's a pretty simple menu, with pho prices ranging from $7-8 for a small, $8-9 for a medium, $9-10 for a large.  And of course, we can't ignore the gigantic bowl for $30 (if you can't finish it in the allocated time).  At a first glance, I would say it's a bit pricier here for standard pho.  The better value is to go for the large pho portions, and then it's not as expensive.  (I think it's probably a better value for two people to share a large, but the waitress strongly discourages sharing pho since it changes the temperature of the soup, etc. etc.)The Husband went for the $10 large bowl of oxtail soup pho.  It's a pretty big bowl with lots of oxtail meat present, so I think he definitely got his bang for his buck.  Whereas I went for one of the regular pho bowls, size small for $7, and it was just okay.  The meat portions are on the smaller end. I'm used to seeing larger cuts of rare beef, but that wasn't the case here.  Also, my soup was just warm and the Husband concurred the same about his broth.I also got to try two variations of their spring rolls - the shrimp and pork ones.  I liked the shrimp ones better since they grilled the shrimp prior to putting it in the wrapper.  The pork ones were just okay.The waitress was a bit anxious with trying to figure out how many people were going to compete, and it was pretty early on when we told her it was going to be four.  She said the cook needed to know how much meat to cut up.  Everyone wanted rare beef only in their pho, and she checked with the kitchen to make sure they could do this and they said yes.  I did ask her if she could serve the competitors first since they had 87 minutes to eat, and the rest of us could get our food last.  In the end, everyone else got their food and finished it long before the four competitors even saw their bowl of pho.  This was definitely not an efficient use of time at all and I think it also affected those who were competing. When the challenge bowls of pho did arrive, it definitely looked like it was more noodles than beef.  It's supposed to be 1.5 pounds of beef, 1.5 pounds of noodles, and broth.  The broth isn't such a high priority to finish since she said that by the end, there's usually not that much broth left anyway.  It was super hot when it arrived too.  (Guess that's where all the hot broth went!)  James A. came really close to finishing and he even brought his leftovers home (and finished them).  Word is that him and Robert R. might go for round two!   Pho 87 is a pretty large restaurant from the other Vietnamese restaurants in town, and a bit fancier.  There's a whole set up in the back that makes you wonder if they offer some kind of lunch buffet since they have those self service hot stations.Service definitely makes for an 'interesting' and 'entertaining' experience.  The waitress assigned to us definitely has comments coming from left field that probably are not the most politically correct.  She spent a lot of time discouraging us from participating in the challenge in the beginning, then she encouraged the females in our group to 'give a show' to encourage our male friends who were competing...comments about flashing and fake boobs were included.If you do complete the Pho 87 Challenge, your bowl of pho is free, as well as the bowl.  And she said they'll put your face on a billboard!  She said no one in Las Vegas has completed their challenge yet, but a few from Los Angeles has at their other location.  (Apparently she really wants a " white boy" on the billboard!)It's hard opening yet another pho restaurant in Las Vegas.  Props to them for creating a hook that will bring the customers in.  Not sure if it's enough to make it a regular joint though.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,11/2/2010,67,181,7,6,7>FINALLY! I popped my Hot N Juicy cherry! Found this place on Yelp, and ready many many a review. I decided this was the perfect place to take my southern husband for a surprise birthday dinner, and it turned out to be a BIG HIT! I took Yelper advice and we arrived early on Friday night at about 6:15 pm and we were seated right away. This place is pretty no-frills with the table settings, decor and furnishings, but after eating our meal I now see why! We took MORE Yelper advice started with 1 lb of shrimp and 1 lb of Crawfish with only the Hot N Juicy seasoning, nothing extra, a side order of sweet potato fries and a couple of frosty adult beverages. The food came out fairly quickly in plastic bags (Like I said, no frills!). Bib in place, we dug in and were very impressed with the flavor, freshness, and the fact that the seafood was cooked to perfection. Not overdone! After round one, we decided on more frosty beverages and another pound of shrimp and 1 lb of snow crab. The snow crab was awesome (except my small injury due to my own stupidity and the fact I was talking instead of paying attention to my crab cracking. BTW Hot N Juicy sauce in an open wound is no bueno)! Our total bill came to about $70 before tip which I felt was fair for the amount of food we ate and the quality of the seafood. It was about the same price we would have paid for beers and AYCE Sushi at our fave place, and I was equally happy and full and buzzed :)- Advice:*Arrive early to avoid a wait (we were there at around 6 and were seated immediately, when we left the wait was about 45 minutes),*Wear the bib, don't come dressed to the nine's*Come hungry*Leave your small kids at home because your hands and forearms will be covered with "juice" and I can't imagine trying to eat and care for an antsy little oneWill we be back? You bet! And next time with a crowd of friends who we know will LOVE this place!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,11/1/2010,61,179,2,6,5>For location and atmosphere this place is 1 star - Located in a bordering-on-skeezy food court at The Riviera.Food is great however - extremely decent, with some of the hugest and tastiest naan around.I wouldn't go here over most of the sit down places in town, simply because I want some service and don't like food courts, but if you're trapped at The Riviera this is infinitely better than the rest of the crap they serve up (It sure was depressing to see how the vast majority of people opted for lowest common denominator hamburgers and hot dogs over wonderful Indian cuisine).
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,10/31/2010,59,66,4,6,5>Montesano's, mi amore. I pen this ode to share your wonderfulness with the world, happily giving away my secret knowledge to all, whether they be worthy or not.Montesano's used to have two locations, at points vast distances away from their current address. This was quite a bummer, being that I, too, had an address far from the old space. Despite the casualness of the atmosphere, the lack of exotic recipes or high prices, Montesano's was always my favorite restaurant, and quite the treat on the rare occasions we would make the hike across town. But now! For the past few years Montesano's has been serving the food I've come to love over the past decade IN MY NEIGHBORHOOD.I can wax poetic about the virtues of Montesano's for hous, so excuse me if I perhaps over-abbreviate my review. To sum things up: the food is awesome. They're mostly classic italian recipes, along with pizzeria type stuff - pizza, heros, etc. Nothing too fancy. but every plate is delicious. The veal parmigiana ousted veal I've happily paid twice for elsewhere. The garlic knots are amazingly simple but crack-like in their addictive properties. The stuffed pizza is good enough to satiate cravings for the ones we used to order in NY. And it's a family-owned and operated. They're no pretense. No pandering. No attempted hip'ness. Just good food at a fair price. Go, and try it. Or don't. I'm happy to give them business, but I'd be just as happy to not see them get too popular.MY ONE REQUEST: Outdoor seating! Give me a place to sit outside and smoke a cigar with my meal, so that I can truly sit and enjoy the food the right way.PRO-TIP: They catered my confirmation!
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2010,10/30/2010,93,135,6,8,5>There's a lot of haters but it seems their issues stem from the lunch buffet, of which we did not partake. I went for a night out with my boyfriend and we opted for the Indian Sampler. Our server was also one of the "lucky owners", an extremely cordial and friendly man who recommended some delicious beers. It's obvious that he's a man who takes his libations seriously, which we appreciated. He explained that during the time of day we were there, he opted to maintain the restaurant himself. Aside from showcasing an impressive work ethic, it allows him to interact with his customers and gain insight on their reactions and feelings. He takes an active interest in the reviews and responses of individuals and mentioned that he periodically updates this page himself. :} So, Hi! Thanks for the meal! We started with the Don de Dieu, a Canadian beer with a high alcohol percentage while still being light, floral, fruity and crisp. It was a nice beverage to sample while awaiting our food and taking in the environment. The interior is a pleasant cool green shade with dark wood tones on the tables, floor and chairs that we found very soothing and appealing. There are several pieces of art on the walls as well as iron work. The bar is well stocked and there is a window that lets you peak into the kitchen. Gently wafting in the background was atmosphere music, not too obtrusive but a pleasant addition.The first food that was brought to us were flat breads that were studded with cumin/coriander seeds. They were folded over themselves and super thin, with a light crunch and pleasant mouthfeel. They were served with a mint and tamarind chutney. The tamarind was sweet and tangy but the mint was cool and savory. I vastly preferred the mint but we enjoyed both. We were given a refill of the bread and sauces prior to our meal. The sampler itself was brought out on a large metal tray, with each dish presented in a small metal container. Initially it looked like it may not be that much food, but as we began to ate we realized that the 9 small containers were  easily enough to feed 3, maybe even 4 light eaters. With a refill of rice, we were extremely satisfied. The meal included; - Fresh baked garlic naan : hearty flat breads with fresh herbs and garlic studded throughout, served at the center of the platter and ideal for dunking into residual sauces/soup- Vegetable pakodas : crispy, deep fried bites of mixed vegetables. excellent dipped into the tangy and rich homemade whole-milk yogurt and a dollop of ghost chili sauce.- Chicken tikka masala : creamy with hearty chunks of chicken in a sauce that gradually ramps up the heat in your mouth. After a few bites it gains an addictive spice. - lamb vindaloo : like a stew, with a spice and sweetness differentiating it from the usual western stew. I particularly enjoyed this and would look forward to ordering it again. - organic tandoori chicken : tender, flavorful chicken with a yummy spice rub coating the outside, giving it a bright reddish-pink tinge. There were two peices and they were a little small, so this would be the only downside to ordering the platter for more than 2 people. They  may be willing to adjust the serving for a larger party if you ask, as they seem quite amicable. :}- mixed vegetable curry of the day : our's had lots of zucchini, chickpeas, tomatoes and a rich sauce. I probably wouldn't order this by itself, but that's simply because I dug the other vegetable based dish so much more. - chef's choice lentil soup : This was delicious! It had a strong turmeric flavor and color, and was very flavorful. The lentils weren't very chunky, so the soup itself was not exceedingly thick. I enjoyed the consistency, personally.- fresh, homemade whole-milk yogurt : One of my other favorite options. It was extremely creamy with a rich tang and was an instant relief from some of the strongly flavored dishes. A great way to cleanse your palate between dishes or dolloped on top of them. - aromatic basmati rice : A chewier, drier rice that easily soaked up much of the sauce from the dishes. A good compliment as the texture of the rice really helped to enrich and fortify the thinner or lighter dishes.- khir dessert : sweet rice pudding with what I thought may have been a hint of rosewater. I ate most of it and really enjoyed it!While eating we enjoyed two other beers, as well;Yeti! An Indian beer that had a hoppy, smokey flavor. It was more of a dry lager, but went very very well with the food. We really enjoyed it and asked our server about sourcing it.We ended with Piraat, a potent amber beer with an earthy tang and a hoppy afterbite. Also quite good, but strong! I gave most of mine to the boy to finish so I could safely navigate our journey home. I definitely intend to go back sometime for the lunch buffet and their other set menus. It's a great introduction to a new culture's cuisine in a  nice, relaxed atmosphere with helpful and pleasant service.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2010,10/29/2010,172,155,,10,6>If you are into beer, and I don't mean the fizzy yellow stuff, then you have to visit the Draft House!  Big dogs brews some of the best beer I've ever had.  It easily compares to Stone, Pizzaport, and is better than Dogfish Head.  Two particular beers that they brew, Alpha Dog (a double red ale, 8% abv), and War Dog (IPA, 8% abv) are just incredible beers!  Try the bullocks IPA, or the Dirty Dog IPA if those are not available.  The food is standard bar food, but with a higher quality than most bars in Las Vegas.  The Cheese Kurds are so awesome, and all of the sandwiches are really good too.  The fries are great, and the service is always top notch.  I am a big fan of Draft House, and a big fan of their beer.  Check out Beer School, and their other events with live music and special guest brews like Pizzaport and Stone.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/30/2010,10/28/2010,151,137,4,8,4>This place is a tourist trap...that being said I actually had a good time with the guys.A buddy of mine was in town with a crew for a bachelor party and they were trying to find something unique to do in vegas, since Minus 5 was on my vegas bucket list.The staff at Minus 5 was great, the girl at the register seemed a little overwhelmed, but there was a line forming and I think she was a fairly new, the rest of the crew (coat girls, bartenders, and photog were all great).I'll get my gripes out of the way first#1- no electronics in the lounge...really??? I get that you want us to buy your over priced photos, but I can't bring in my phone (although I doubt it would get any reception anyways)#2 $25 for admission and 1 Drink $35 for 2 drinks....I know it's a gimmick but come on that's a little much for drinks made with some vodka no one on earth has ever heard of.#3 the place is TINY, I've seen it on tv and in a few photos and I can tell you it is a Lot smaller in person.Other than those I have to say the experience was pretty good.The drinks were decent, the sculptures were pretty cool (pun intended), and the fact that your glass is actually made of Ice is pretty sweet.One nice thing is that you're admission is for "unlimited" lounge time, while we were only in there for a while, if you wanted to go to their outer lounge and that off a bit before venturing back into the freezer you can.They also had a full bar so you could order whatever you wanted both inside and outside the freezerI have to admit, I had the urge to lick a lot of the sculptures, but I held that urge back (I'm pretty sure others already had).As I said this place is a Tourist Trap, small, and kind of over priced, but I will say that you should check it out...at least once
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,10/27/2010,198,90,4,13,5>As Karen K says in her review of this restaurant, this address is WRONG!**** Yelp has since changed the address! Now you can all find your way to ONO! *** BUT, boy can I say that although this place hasn't gotten much attention on Yelp, it's certainly gotten enough attention to stay open for 15 years! I had a short but friendly conversation with the older man who works there. (I'm sure he's probably one of the owners OR SOMETHING, and I thought it was cute he was in a shirt, slippahz and shorts!) They are closed on Mondays, which is an odd day, but at least they are available for Sunday church-goers! The menu is extensive, and they have pictures of almost everything they serve up on the walls, along with some interesting pictures and a few local articles. The food is amazing and portions are generous! It is Local/Hawaiian style food from a hole-in-the-wall mom & pop sort of place, so don't expect wonderful presentation or anything, but the taste is definitely there. In fact, they have some of the best mac salad I've tried... WAAAAY better than L&L's hands down! I've been there twice, and have had a chance to eat the Sweet & Sour Spare Ribs, THEY FALL RIGHT OFF THE BONE! and taste just like home... MMM and the second time I went I had the Beef Sukiyaki! It was much bigger than what most Japanese restaurants would serve and it came with rice. My boyfriend had the Combo Adobo the first time. He preferred the chicken Adobo over the pork, and the second time we went, he had the special that came with Lomi-Lomi Salmon, Kalua Pig, & Lau Lau. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT! Also, the both times we've went large families have come in and dined as well. I'm talking about 15-20 people all at once! They also got taken care of well, considering that there is one cook, and one server. Amazing how they handle themselves!If I lived closer to this, I'd definitely be getting take out more often... but I'd say it is worth the drive, regardless. If you're looking for some "local kine grindz"  this is a spot to hit. They get the flavors right on, and at the same time offer friendly & casual service.OH, and they have shave ice!!! THE REAL SHAVE ICE! NOT "snow-cones" and they are only $1.75 for up to 3 flavors (if I'm remembering correctly.) You can even add ice cream for a small extra charge. Talk about feeling like you're back on da 'aina. Thank goodness for Hawaiian Hale.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,10/26/2010,166,232,1,8,2>Would love to go 3.5 stars but will give them the bump up to 4 because I haven't had any major issues. Ken M provided a great description below so I will try to keep this short.-Love 24/7 access to pool, fitness center, etc.-Nice size apartments at a great price. My roommate and I split a 2 bedroom. They had a special at the time and he was already a resident at a 1 bedroom. It was $899 for 12 months or $930 for 6 month lease. -The staff is friendly and they seem on top of things.-Only problem I had was with maintenance one time. When we moved in to the 2 bdrm, my shower was leaking. It was a single standing shower with a swinging door. I knew what was wrong and I told them. It took 4 times before they finally got it right and stopped the leak. They kept trying to fix instead of replace the problem, unfortunately neither of us was home any time they came.-One other downside is the lack of parking on the one side of the complex where I live. Each apartment is given one spot. Everyone else is stuck fighting for the few open un-covered spaces that are available. A few times I have had to park on the other side of the complex and walk around to my apartment. Sucks when its really cold or really hot out.Recommend if you are looking for a place. Great community, friendly people and dog-friendly as well. Fantastic location with a gas station right out the gates as well.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,10/25/2010,168,202,6,4,4>So I went here before work and bought a dozen donuts since this place had good reviews I just had to try for myself. I do agree with the most of you that this place has one of the best donuts ever! They were not to sweet and lots of great donut selections! I ordered a dozen of whatevers I thought my co-workers would like chocolate, glazed, maple, Boston cream and sugar! I ordered myself one of them big cinnamon twist because it was calling my name "hey Franny try me" so I did. It took me a whole day to finish it, biggest donut I have ever ate (yes I am a very slow eater). On the other hand all the other donuts were gone, so that was a good sign. All I could say is move over Dunkin Donuts, Winchell's, and Krispy Kreme!!!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2010,10/24/2010,580,394,5,10,8>Yayyyy, there's a place with fashionable clothing, accessories, bags, and heels in my neighborhood!I bought many pieces of accessories and clothing that I later found in LA on Melrose. That alone says alot!!!I always try to stop in when I'm at the grocery store next door and end up leaving with more than what I needed. And lets face it, I don't need most of the items I buy...but, I MUST HAVE IT!!! lol
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,10/23/2010,222,164,11,7,4>I couldn't schedule with my fav stylist at Suite One (yelp.com/biz/suite-one-s), so I decided to try James because I've heard about his amazing skills.  I honestly had the most fun, most funniest and most efficient hair cut ever. I was smiling from start to finish. I walk in and see two pop star-ish, trendy looking guys just chillin'. One in a salon chair and one in the middle with their fashionable reception chairs. Turns out that my stylist James as recommended by Misti Y was the guy in the middle.  Awesome. The shampoo:Got right to work. James' assistant took me straight to shampoo and was quick and efficient. No head massages here. The cut:After chatting with me on what I wanted (layers, volume, bangs), he got right to work. His magic shears and blades were snipping, flyingan cutting, and during the whole cut, I couldn't help but think about the movie Zohan and how he was going to give me silky smooth hair!The blow out:This was the part where I really wanted to burst out laughing. He started with one hair dryer. Before I knew it, another person had grabbed another hair dryer. There were two hair dryers on me. Not only were there two hair dryers on me, but they also had me flip my head upside down and hair dry my hair!  *chant smooth silky hair smooth silky hair Conclusion:  I love my hair!!!  I love the volume he created with my usually limp and thin hair  The bangs are perfect.  To top it all off, I'm just going to quote James, "I like sexy hair not pretty hair." *chant silky smooth hair!  Silky smooth hair!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,10/22/2010,92,193,8,10,10>Lychee Slushie Boba. Extra Boba and Lychee Jelly. My standard mantra as I enter Veggie Delight.One of the only purely vegetarian establishments in Las Vegas, Veggie Delight is the savior of our weekly "what do we eat tonight?" predicament. Their Vietnamese sandwiches (pork chop, crispy chicken and spicy chicken) are amazing. They come in soft french bread and have mayo (or vegenaise), soy meat (trust me, it's good here) and a little pickled salad of sorts with cucumber, cilantro and carrots on it. It's a very filling and satisfying sandwich. They've started to offer their sandwiches as part of a lunch special. About 5 bucks for a sandwich, soup and hot/cold tea. Very very reasonable. Yes, this is not a ritzy place. It's actually very far from that. The staff here is seriously challenged with grasping the English Language and the menu ...not at all appetizing. But voila....the food they come up with is amazing, consistent and very satiating. Service is efficient (remember the language barrier but pointing to pictures on the menu helps lots).Our favorites are the following:Vietnamese Faux Crispy Chicken/Pork Chop/Spicy Chicken SandwichesBasil Faux ChickenTaiwanese Faux Beef Noodle SoupFaux Pork Skin Hand RollsFaux Spicy Chicken. All in all, this is a great everyday meal solution. Not too heavy, expensive or pretentious. And of course, their Lychee Boba is to die for. Remember to order it the way I do (See above).
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/30/2010,10/21/2010,316,816,3,6,3>Was invited out last night and drove 40 minutes to meet up here. Yeah, 40 minutes, from Henderson! Luckily, it was a good night and worth the drive. I arrived at the restaurant at 8 and there was nobody in the place, except a couple guys - I think they were getting food to go. The person I came here with and I were seated next to the fish tank. They had the same kind of crazy fish (lionfish) in the tank that was in one of my favorite movies, Deuce Bigalow, Male Gigolo. Ha!My dining partner ordered the calzone with sausage and pepperoni ($7.75.) I tried some and it was delicious. I had the Philly cheesesteak ($6.50), mainly because I always order that if it's on the menu. Had the regular size with peppers, onions and mushrooms (which costs extra.) The regular size was way more than enough for me. I'm pretty sure my sandwich was less than $7 which wasn't bad at all.The waitress was attentive and kept our glasses full. My one problem was that while we were finishing, they were turning off the lights in the place - we were out at 8:54 so, yeah, that's annoying because I felt rushed, as if everyone was waiting for me to cram my food down so they could get home. The food was good, but it's nothing I'd drive out of my way to go to by myself.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,10/20/2010,264,264,3,13,6>After a discussion popped up on Yelp Talk, I decided to check out this place since it sounded interesting and was in my 'hood. Bluebird is part cafe, part lounge for patients with medical marijuana cards (and their own herbal prescription - more on that later) to smoke.The cafe has "bar" seating and a few tables as well as an area with computers for internet access.  They serve coffee, tea, and smoothies, and a variety of light fare - cereal, fruit, salads, and veggie sandwiches.  I had a (vegan) salad and iced tea.  I had a nice conversation with the owners and a few patrons (both cardholders and "caregivers").  The place has a very friendly, laidback atmosphere (no surprise there) with no hint of the tackiness that you might find in a head shop.  It just looks like a regular sort of business.   The smoking lounge is closed off from the rest of the cafe, so there is no cross-ventilation (i.e., you are not going to get high just sitting there drinking a smoothie.)This is NOT a dispensary nor do they write prescriptions.  They do not sell any medical marijuana or mj food products here.  It is strictly BYOP.  Also, there is no sharing pot allowed, even for cardholders amongst themselves.  Only cardholders are permitted in the smoking lounge; caregivers/drivers/etc can eat and drink in the cafe area.The rules are very strict here to keep the place on the up-and-up and to provide a service for people who need a place other than their home to smoke.It's hard to rate this place since I have no experience with another place to compare it to, but I enjoyed my time there (note: I just went for the food and to check it out, I did not use the lounge for its intended purpose).  The owners were so super nice and friendly and very welcoming, and I think that they're doing a good service for the legit side of the Medical Marijuana community.... plus I always love a place that has a few vegan options!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2010,10/19/2010,410,224,5,11,11>First things first: this would be a five star review, however they were out of panang curry when I visited last...this will easily be bumped that extra star if this was an isolated incident.  I loved that panang!Thai Style Noodle House was a real treat.  This location is a few suites down from Waffles Cafe on Fort Apache.  During one of my visits to Waffles Cafe, I saw that the staff was ordering Thai food; within 20 mins the food was delivered.  After some investigation I saw that Thai Style Noodle House had recently opened this location.Later that week I stopped by for dinner and ordered a chef special, panang curry with avocado and salmon.  This was simply...awesome.  For my curry fix I've been going to Archi's...if only I found Thai Style sooner!  The avocado was a bit hard, but the flavor of the panang brought a smile to my face with each bite.  I ordered it at a 5 out of 10 on the hot scale, and it was what I expected.  After a second visit, they've been consistent with their scale through the four dishes that I've thus tried.Since then I've had the papaya salad, red curry, and the pad see ew.  After adding some chili powder to the papaya for a little more kick, it became a great side dish to the entrees.  The red curry was good, but I enjoyed the panang a lot more (they were out of panang this night).  And the pad see ew was a very pleasant surprise!  I've had this dish before at other restaurants, and it came out oily and bland.  But here the noodles were cooked perfectly and mixed in with egg and beef, creating a lovely texture with the soft egg and noodles giving way to the thinly sliced beef.  I've been expanding my tastes recently when it comes to Thai cuisine, and I can't wait for my next visit to Thai Style!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,10/17/2010,295,89,19,23,16>I am rarely voluntarily away from Vegas for long. Sure there are those times that the state wishes I occupy one of their rooms for 3 to 6 years, but we have all had those times.  I came back for my birthday and I visited many of my old haunts. I was longing for nostalgia. I was longing for strong drink. I was longing for weak companionship. I hit many of my favorite places...and the Tap House was one of them.I longed to play shuffleboard, drink beers and listen to good music. When I am near Summerlin there is only one place I go to. So I swung into the bar around midnight and spend the rest of the night throwing back drinks with friends. The pizza was half price and that was just right for us. We tried three of the pizzas and they were amazing. I also had to order my favorite Chicken Parmigiana. It was as wonderful as usual. Right next door used to be a Las Vegas institution called Fellini's.  They have since moved their restaurant to the Sun Coast Casino to ply their trade. The good news is that they still deliver their freshly made sauces and they are amazing as always.  So you basically get to eat the same food for half the price and get reasonable priced drinks.The bartender knew it was my birthday and comped me drinks and was totally cool. He treated Rex like the way Rex demands to be treated. It is important to treat Rex well...and he knew that. He could see it in the eyes.I want to address the smoking issue one person brought up...and I will say...grow up!  People smoke in bars...but very rarely do they get to smoke in a place with a great shuffleboard table and amazing food.I have removed one star because they have a crappy jukebox that plays edited songs. Ridiculous. Good music on there but not all the songs you would want. Go. Go often. Drink. Drink to Rex. You always should.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,10/16/2010,821,451,5,13,15>I was on my way to try Thai food from Archi's after an earlier appointment, however as I drove past the intersection of Rainbow and Sahara and looking for the name of a Japanese restaurant that I have wanted to try but somehow never did, I noticed that it has been replaced with a new Japanese restaurant and a big Grand Opening banner.  This restaurant is Sato-Ya.It is literally a family run business that has the dad working at the sushi bar, the mom and other Japanese cooks working in the kitchen and I believe the son running the front as the waiter and cashier.I decided to try their lunch combo and picked Yakiniku and Pork Cutlet and also Salmon Roll out of the available options.  A House Salad dressed in Miso dressing was quickly served (it was nice but a little too much dressing, as there were still a lot left after I was done with the greens).  The Miso Soup followed shortly and it is comforting.  After a short wait the main entree was delivered to the table, which I took pictures of, but have to quickly devour so I can be on time for my next appointment.  The Yakiniku was okay. It tastes fine, but the thin slices of beef was overcooked for my taste, but the tonkatsu was good.While I waited for my meal to be prepared I also checked out their dinner menu, which has a larger selection and also a Dinner Special section.  They also have Happy Hour from 8pm until they close at 10:30pm, which serves 1/2 items from the HH menu.The thing I was most impressed with is the fact that it is actually run by Japanese, and not Koreans, Chinese or other ethnicity, and in a subtle way you can taste the difference if you know what to look for.  Not that there is anything inherently wrong with those other Japanese restaurants, but when you are looking for pure Japanese, especially with an Okinawan flavor, Sato-Ya is the place to be.Plus the service was impeccable.  The waiter checked on all the tables to make sure we were okay, and bring out whatever we ask (more water, tea, etc.) in a timely manner.  And when you pay your bill and is on your way out, he walks quickly ahead and opens the dorr for you.  Now you don't see that everyday, and certainly not at a non-Michelin Star restaurant.I will definitely be back soon to try more of their menu.  So stay tuned for the updates and the photos of the menu and the food to be uploaded after my class.4 Stars for the overall dining experience, especially on the account of the superb service.-- Review of Dinner on 9-22-10 --Leos called me about doing dinner at a new Japanese restaurant, and it turned out to be Sato-ya, where I ate lunch earlier in the day.  So we agreed to go after our class, and I can check out their other items.  We ordered off their HH & Daily Specials menu and also an Okinawa Soba Noodle (looks like udon, but tastes different, and the meat is really tender) and I thought it was good.Albacore - good and expert attention was applied.Goyo Chanpuru - Okinawan Bitter Melon sauteed with Spam and egg. Homey and I enjoyed it.Futomaki - A little different from what I have had (no spinach), but still good.Chicken Tatsuta-age - Fried marinated chicken breasts. Alright.Crispy Rice w/ Spicy Tuna - Sushi rice that is fried so it is crispy topped with spicy tuna.  Different from your typical sushi places. Reminds us of MOS Burger items.We spoke to the owner and sushi chef "Habu" (a poisonous snake in Okinawa) and you can tell he is very passionate and an artisen in his craft.  Totally cool in my book! And he made a decorative Japanese Stork (C. Boyciana) out of 1/2 an orange! Plus showed us his avocado seed carvings!!! - again didn't know you can do that.  I eat at a lot of AYCE sushi places, but you almost never get that kind of connection with those sushi chef like we did with Chef "Habu".We will be back for more.
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,10/15/2010,208,343,7,17,12>This is probably my favorite AYCE sushi place in Vegas as of right now. We came here on a Friday and it wasn't packed....granted it was only 6 pm on a hot 106 degree night. We've been sitting at the bar and requesting Sean as our sushi chef the past few times we've been coming. The fish was very fresh and everything just tasted so good. I think I have a problem when it comes to sushi, I'm pretty much addicted to it. We decided to try some new rolls this time. Sex on the Beach: this is definitely NOT a disappointment...spicy scallop was spicy enough to give you a lil zingScreaming O: O yes.....this was as good as its nameX-Mas- This is another one of my new favorites with the Screaming O sauceWe also decided to get the sweet shrimp, since it is included in the AYCE. I wasn't a big fan of the sweet shrimp until the past two months, but now I like it. The way that Nagoya deep fried the head (sounds utterly disgusting) and seasoned it was so delicious that it left me wanting more. The actual shrimp part was smaller than what I've had in the past, but it was good. I also asked the chef for something with yellowtail and spicy scallop so he just put some yellowtail nigri with spicy scallop on top. SCORE! I left full, but now I am wanting to go back for more sushi. Service was attentive and empty dishes were cleared right away. I will be back for more.....hopefully soon.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,10/14/2010,131,136,6,7,7>Sula is a BBQ buffet. If your preference is to buffet style, versus having to  put in an order every time you want some kimchi or a more kalbi, this place is a great all you can eat Korean BBQ in Vegas.  You are able to cook your own meat (whether it be beef, chicken, pork, shrimp, squid, or octopus).Chefs slice out many different kind of fresh meats, poultry, seafood, etc. You pick what you like and barbecue it at the table. It is a great set up allowing you to cook your meats as much or as little as you like.There is a variety of choices for meats, side items and sauces so you are not limited. In fact, I found this a great way to try items I had never tried on a regular korean menu (i.e. I didnt want to risk paying for something I didnt like). Servers are surprisingly very attentive and friendly. If you do not feel like cooking, or do not know how to, the employees will come around and help you. Be warned, they will charge you $5 for wasting. I didn't have this happen to me... but there is a BIG sign in front of the buffet that says so. =)
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,10/13/2010,27,73,7,10,9>I was excited to see a late-night chicken and waffles place in Vegas, and centrally located. It's actually the late-night special menu at Satay, which kinda threw me for a bit of a loop, but just go with it. The staff is very friendly and helpful, the waitress told me they started doing this new menu only a few weeks earlier. She was very knowlegable about other dishes on their huge menu, she was really patient with all my newbie questions. I had to order the chicken and waffles. The waffle was Belgian-style and a bit malty in flavor. TASTY! Sad to have crappy Cycso fake maple syrup, but ohwell. The chicken was cooked fresh to order and was perfect! Very crunchy coating that shattered when I bit into it, and it was the least greasy fried chicken i've -ever- had in my life. Taste of it was also great, savory and a real "chicken-y" flavor.I placed an order to go of some black pepper beef for my hubby and that was very very good. I'm not an expert on Thai or Indonesian food by any means- i've only been to Lotus of Siam and liked that quite a bit. I think Satay is better for multiple reasons, the #1 reason is they are open very very late. I was there at 11:30pm on Saturday and it wasen't packed, just busy enough. My one teeny issue is the house music thumping to ungodly levels, just to try and give a "happening" vibe. Not really needed, IMO, but I kinda tuned it out after 5 minutes.Everything was so good, I even ordered dessert. I can't remember the name of it, but it was like a sweet crepe that was drizzled in caramel and dusted with powered sugar. It was ORGASMIC! I joked with my waitress I was going to eat only 2 slices of it and take it home, but I ate the whole thing! I just coulden't stop eating it, it was that delicious!I waddled out like my fat dog does when he manages to open the  cupboard to his dry dogfood and eat everything in sight..LOL!I'm most definately going to make this a monthy trip after work, I just loved it!
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,10/12/2010,66,333,4,8,4>This is by far the best skatepark in Vegas thats indoors. They have a huge vert ramp and a pretty sweet wooden bowl. The street course is..well a street course, rails,wedges etc.The owner is Tim and he is by far one of the coolest guys I have had the pleasure of meeting.They now have a stage set up and have all ages concerts. Which is great since there are not alot of places for teenagers to go and hang out. It can get loud and busy during special events but that just adds to the excitement.My hubby loves to skate here & does so every chance he gets.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,10/11/2010,168,368,4,9,6>Location: Everyone knows where it is but probably hasn't ever been there lol.Restaurant: ClassyService: Two Thumbs Up!Eats: Charbroiled Oysters, Shrimp Etoufee, 1lb of Crawfish, Oyster Po Boy.Drinks: Diet Sprite & Purple HazeWe're in LOVE!!!Location: We drove up and the first thing that I saw were the bright neon lights to the Holsum Bakery Sign and there she was, just after the eye piercing neons... Lola's.Restaurant: She wasn't hard to find, sits at the 15 & Charleston. It's a very quiet parking lot but as soon as your start walking towards the restaurant, you notice the people sitting outside and a faint sound of some Jazz music coming from the inside of the restaurant, which, um, we like, like a lot! Ok, Valley Girl moment gone.Our visit was on a late Friday night, 8:30ish, we had made reservations but we didn't really need them, this visit, as we were seated right away. The restaurant is still young and fresh, they just opened in October but I have a feeling that once people start finding out about them, reservations may be mandatory because they sure do put some yummies in your tummies! Our friend that was with us mentioned that a lot of his co-workers eat there for lunch and it does get pretty busy during that time, so, heads up, make a reservation.Fleur-de-lis. Saints. Mardi Gras Beads. Umbrellas on the ceiling.  Jazz music, I hearts. I've never been to NOLA, I've only been exposed to anything NOLA by my Uncle, either by telling us stories about and such but they sure are representing anything and everything New Orleans in there that it makes me feel like I'm there! Very welcoming. Atmosphere, A+++Service: Quentin was our server. Very sweet gal and on top of everything! Refills and everything without asking and very knowledable when it came to the menu. There's nothing worse than a server that's clueless about what they're serving and we did not have an experience close to resembling that, awesome job!The Yummies: We shared the Charbroiled Oysters, I had the Etoufee with Purple Haze and bites of the Hubster's food, the Po Boy and Crawfish with a Diet Sprite. There is not one complaint about the flavor of the food! Everything they brought out had great presentation and tasted great. I loved that with the Crawfish, they gave us a bucket, unlike a  local restaurant that has you throw it on your table just to have the juices spill all over your lap, yum. It was the first time that I tried Purple Haze beer, it's a wheat beer, the haze, with a hint of rasberry, the purple and it was quite yummy, so much so that I ordered 2 :). A friend of ours ordered the catfish and bread pudding and he enjoyed it. In fact, when the bread pudding came out, he took a bite and his eyes rolled to the back of his head,... I'm pretty sure he liked it :DAs we were eating dinner, we were approched by a woman with a pretty smile, a Fleur-de-lis hanging from each ear and introduced herself, it was Lola! She was so nice and we chit chatted for a little bit and even took a photo with her :)During dinner, my husband turned to me and said "This is the flavor that I've been looking for!" I completely agreed with him, everything was spot on. Yea, we'll be back.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2010,10/10/2010,258,295,,8,7>This place has been open for so long! It might have been my first AYCE sushi too! I used to go here to satisfy my craving for tons of sushi, until I discovered Sushi Mon (which is closer to my work). This place still holds true though. The last time I went the fish was still fresh and the rolls were still delicious. The only complaint about this restaurant now is the location and the size of the place. The bathrooms aren't all that clean either.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,10/9/2010,363,113,3,9,6>Once I saw this empty restaurant finally with a sign that said "bachi burger" I was excited!  Excited because I KNEW it was a fusion type deal.  Being from Hawaii, these are the type of resturants I miss!Sure enough the owners are from Hawaii.  Very down to earth and chit chat a little with one of the brothers (ownders).  One of the owners worked at a bunch of Hawaii fine dinning restaurants that are my favorite!  Bachi is short for "HIBACHI" , which is a Japanese word for charcoal-heated cooking, portable BBQ grill etc.  Livin' in Hawaii, we'll bring our "hibachis" to the beach = DPrices are reasonable for the burgers.  The "steamed buns" are great, but I think their over price for 2 pieces.  I like their beers, its not your usual.  They have a lot of boba drinks.The decor for the restaurant is modern and spacious.  They have photography art pieces for sale for charity (if I remembered correctly).  One thing I know for sure is..its open till 2am.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,10/8/2010,44,38,4,5,4>I haven't tried a huge amount of Thai food to be completely honest, so I guess my palate isn't as refined as some others when it comes to Thai. I went to high school right down the street from this place, and I swear there was another Thai place that used to be on the corner or maybe it was this one and I just forgot. No clue. Anyhow, this place is tiny and a hole in the wall. That being said, those types of restaurants usually have the best food. So we sit down and we had a very sweet woman waiting on us, that reminded me of a little Thai momma. She called everyone in the restaurant honey and was too cute. We ordered the iced Thai tea, which is coconut milk added to tea. It was different, but pretty good. I ordered the Pad Thai and it was fantastic. I got a 5  from a scale of 1-10 because of the warning that 7 was too spicy. I added some chili paste anyway, and it was great. Like I said, my palate is not too refined in Thai cuisine but the food was fresh, it was fast and delicious. Our little Thai momma was super sweet, gave us great service, and I would 100% go back. I would recommend it to anyone looking for authentic Thai and a great, modest dining experience.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,10/6/2010,295,146,7,6,8>I've been taking advantage of the Peppermill's hours of operation for a long time. Completely overpriced, too tacky for words, and an absolutely Perfect way to end a night out on the Strip.This is a place to watch or be watched. Everyone's going to wander in at some point. From strippers, cocktail waitresses, and impersonators - to high rollers and Hunter S. Thompson types.The Fireside Lounge is what makes Peppermill so star worthy though, like a den out of the Elvis Era, you're transported- cheesiness is overlooked, romance is rampant and we're getting trashed on Buttery Nipples; all among floral fakery, a fire pit, and fuchsia flamingos.I Love this place. I do I do I do!!!
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/20/2010,10/5/2010,135,365,4,6,6>I came here for a late night dinner of fish and chips after hearing so much about his place.  The place was packed and pretty noisy due to a U2 cover band playing that evening.  I sat in the dinning area, which was 1 or 2 decibels quieter.  I opted for the fish and chips as well as the home made crisps for an app.The homemade crisps were very good.  The sauces that came with them were hit and miss.  The curry was a hit, the other one (whose name escapes me) was a big miss.  As for the entree, the portions were quite generous: three big peices of cod.  The fish were not breaded too heavily and were flaky, but there wasn't too much flavor to them.  Unfortunately, even with the tartar sauce, not too much was added in terms of flavor.  The fries were average, freshly made and absorbing the vinegar nicely.  The cole slaw was nothing special and forgettable.  Service was above average considering there was a bar full of patrons next door and only one waiter.  Overall the tab came out to about $25 with tax and tip, a bit on the steep side for a single diner.  If you do come here, you might want to try for one of their specials (eg AYCE fish and chips on Thursdays) to make the price and overall experience a little more palatable.  Also remember this is a pub, so there are drunk people with bad judgement around: when leaving the place I almost got caught up in a brawl between a group of 6 and a group of 2.  Luckily, I escaped any drama by quickly and quietly walking to my car.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2010,10/4/2010,213,80,5,10,10>On a big stretched popular street in a big city of Korea, there are great number of neon glow of theme cafes, pubs, bars, or restaurants are located side by side. It's always lively and fun! In the past, I've been to lots of late night eatery places just like 'Soyo Barstaurant' back in my home town and the other night, I was hoping that this might be the place I can have a great time with a small group of friends on typical Friday or Saturday nights in Las Vegas. Yup! I think I found one :p Soyo is a great place to grab a bite to eat & a drink. These are the things that I like to share with you after tasting their foods and drinks:) 1. Atmosphere-comfortable booth, simple color of decoration and design, music is mixed & fun(the most recent K-pop music plus some American pop songs were playing, no signs of smoking inside of restaurant 2.Food Selections- The menu is extensively focusing on traditional favorites(Korean-style appetizers) & dinner for 2-4 cooked on the plate of steel(ex: I had a bean sprouts, pork ,squid, & vegetables with spicy sauce cooked on the table. All dinner comes with small dishes such as kimchi, radish kimchi, cucumber pickles, stir fried fish cake w/ onion, spinach , & etc.) 3.Drink- Domestic or Korea beer, Soju of choice, Soju with flavors(ex: I tried their pineapple & lychee this time,, sweet, fruity, & yogurt taste :p) I remember my friend used to joke with me~ a liquor, Soju, is a elixir of life?!  A Soju is the best cure for a Soju hangover??? LOL I Love SOJU!!! 4. Service-Attentive & very friendly :) The server was smiling all times and brought over things to my table whatever I needed. Never run out with my free roasted barley tea with ice. I wish we have more fun places for the locals in town..Soyo is a good local combined BAR & RESTAURANT spot you can hang out with your buddies until late at night! I think I will be visiting Soyo again real soon~~~
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2010,10/3/2010,1407,1189,3,6,4>Finally got to stop in and see what all the Yelpers were talking about....Sin City, along with Sushi Mon on Silverado Ranch and Maryland are my Favorites for AYCE joints.....Fresh seafood, awesome service from Jesse(Wayne's son) Jimbo, and Miltonand NO LONG WAIT(like it can be @ Sushi Mon) was even nicer!We sat up at the bar and met up with Jesse...Immediately we get introduced to the rest of the Sin City Staff and not even 5 minutes later, we are given a plate of marinated baby tako(octopus) which was very tasty and was devoured in 5 minutes...Sin City offers a pretty extensive menu from your familiar nigiri action to sushi rolls and sides, and while browsing the menu, Jesse says, "you can order off the menu, or we can just feed you" COOL!!! Omakase style????We're DOWN!!!So the boys start off by sending out some rolls(no half roll options here)TigerWet DreamVolcanoAfter Round 1, the sides start comingBaked Greenshell MusselsAgedashi TofuJesse's Oyster ShootersNext, we move on to some Nigiri actionUni(the best looking "tongues" I've seen and tasted!)HamachiSabaIkuraHotateNow for some Hand Rolls...Salmon Skin(Chicharron)-so good, one of my new favoritesNo Name-fried calamari, tuna, avocado, crab, masago and eel sauceDessert Time...Red Bean Mochi Ice CreamTempura Banana with Vanilla Ice CreamOverall, great first time at Sin City....We'll definitely be back...ALOHA!!!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,10/2/2010,113,85,4,14,8>This unassuming restaurant in the Food for Less parking lot on Sahara and Valley View has been around for two and a half years but I just found out about it a couple of weeks ago. This is noteworthy because it is only five minutes from my house. After my first bite into their taco al pastor I was terribly disheartened I'd never been to this authentic, inexpensive restaurant as it offers a LOT more than your average Mexican restaurant.Taqueria Los Parados, meaning 'taco joint of the unemployed,' is probably named as such because the prices are affordable for everyone. Most tacos are only $1.19 and many of the more filling options range from just five to seven dollars. Besides the cheap factor, everything is made from scratch and the owner is omnipresent. She's from Guadalajara and has put a lot of love and thought into each dish, salsa, and drink. The horchata, for example, is not made from a mix and is not overly sweet. Many dishes seem to have a little something special that makes you say, 'Wow, why haven't I see this done elsewhere.'It's hard to pick a favorite dish but I've got some contenders. One is the shrimp taco, which consists of corn tortillas topped with six sauteed shrimp (yes, I counted), crunchy cabbage, pico, and a spicy yet cooling crema ($2.75). The ingredient that really puts this taco over the edge is the toasted cheese crisp buried under the deconstructed slaw. It adds great texture and a punch of flavor that is undeniably unique. I also love the al pastor taco ($1.19). The pork is marinated in spices then cooked on a gyro rotisserie to give it that great caramelized exterior. The unique touch in this dish is the addition of ripe pineapple strips that add a touch of sweetness to complement the pork and diced onions. Finally, you can't go wrong with brocheta. It's a hodgepodge of grilled meat (I had chicken), peppers, onions, bacon, and oozy cheese served with flavorful homemade beans and saffron colored rice. Since it is served with tortillas I'm inclined to liken it to fajitas...times ten.Truly everything I've had has been delicious. The lengua (tongue) taco was simple and splendid, as was the carne asada. If you've never had tongue I'd recommend trying it here. Even if you don't like it, and I doubt you won't, you've only lost a mere $1.19. The 'torta ahogada' with al pastor was also interesting ($5.75). It consisted of al pastor and their wonderful beans stuffed inside a french baquette that was then dunked in a vat of tomato sauce (hence the meaning, 'wet sandwich"). I'm not sure if I'd order this over other items, but it's certainly not something you see on a lot of menus and was definitely tasty.Whatever you do, don't forget to visit the salsa bar. Each preparation is carefully balanced with clean flavors. I like to try every combination possible, but if you shy away from heat then use modestly. Make sure to get the authentic guacamole sauce. In Mexico guacamole isn't generally prepared chunky but is rather more like a sauce. I love the pourable consistency that allows me to get an avocado taste in every bite without adding a lot of bulk to my meal. This is a place that foodies should support, as it is a little slice of real Mexico smack dab in the middle of our city.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,10/1/2010,142,120,5,6,5>Spent a couple hours here today with a friend and her kiddo for the Springs Preserve Ice Cream Festival. $7.50 entry fee ($5.50 for me since someone nice came up and gave me a $2 off coupon right as I was about to pay) and you got entry into the entire area. I had never been before and it was quite a treat. It's really nice to walk around all the areas and enjoy a bit of nature in the middle of the city still. They have galleries, food, and lots of places for little ones to play. The Ice Cream Festival itself left me wanting a bit since it was ridiculously busy and the lines were crazy, but they did try to keep it as organized as possible. And also unfortunately for us Vegas weather is unpredictable and went from nice to OMG SO WINDY AND COLD KILL IT WITH FIRE which put a halt to our festivities. But we got to enjoy some ice cream and root beer floats and enjoy the sights and get some exercise along the way. I would definitely want to come out here again when it's a bit warmer and explore some more.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,9/30/2010,126,151,7,3,5>Definitely coolest Tiki bar in Vegas, small and dingy enough to be a dive, but not...somehow awesome.Strongest mixed drinks in disguise I have ever had. Even ordering something on the lighter side I became concerned. Reasons why: 1) Halfway through my first drink, and feeling the same way I do after 3. 2) Can I no longer drink like a 20 something should? 3)What did I eat today because if I drink any more I might see it later...Then I looked around and realized how evil tiki gods can look if you're really really drunk.Frankie's rules.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2010,9/29/2010,519,1603,4,7,4>August C and I met for dinner here last night, and we had a thoroughly enjoyable meal.  We each ordered the four course Chef's Signature menu.  Sage is in the Aria Hotel and Casino in City Center at the end of the entrance near the registration area for the hotel.We started with an amuse-bouche.  I have forgotten the ingredients but it was a good way to get us ready for our fine meal. For the first course, we got the same thing - Wagyu Beef Tartare prepared with crushed caper aioli, a poached egg, and some crispy chocolate pieces like small potato chip slices with a chocolate flavor.  The texture of the Wagyu was excellent.  The starter came with bread pieces to eat with the Waygu or spread the Wagyu on.  Very interesting and tasty dish.For the second course, we each got the Lobster ravioli.  It had a lemon and olive puree, some corn pieces, mascarpone, and fresh mint.  This course was very tasty.  The mint gave the dish a good counterpoint to the olive oil and lemon puree.For the third course, I got the Iberico pork loin done with bacon, braised shoulder cannelloni, and tomato.  August got the Snake River Farms New York steak strip with marrow, potatoes and fried Maitake mushrooms.  We enjoyed our respective main courses.  For the last course, August got the Sweet Corn Panna Cotta and I got the Chocolate S'mores.  The panna cotta had marinated apricot, caramel Ice Cream, and a popcorn tuile.  My S'mores consisted of a milk chocolate brownie, some smoked marshmallow laid out lengthwise over the brownie, a a Greek yogurt sorbet.  There was a piece of graham cracker cookie next to the brownie/marshmallow piece and some chocolate swirls.   It was very tasty, but I thought it could use a little bit more marshmallow.Dinner ended with a small cup of hot chocolate with a shot of espresso.  A super way to end a good meal.Service was excellent.  The restaurant is quite beautiful.  This is a place to which I would return.  It was a nice dinner and lots of pleasant conversation.  This will also teach our wives a lesson or two about leaving us in Las Vegas while they're off visiting family.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,9/28/2010,191,302,9,10,9>The Skinny: Nice hotel, great place to stay even though there isn't much to do other than go to the spa, stay by the pool, eat or gamble - but there's nothing wrong with that(4.5).We stayed here for two weekday nights in August for a brief staycation. Check-in service was painless albeit it was a weekend day afternoon and not very busy.We were really impressed by the ambience of the hotel room (resort room with a view of the Strip). The modern decor matched our tastes. There was a flat screen tv with a Bose wave sound clock radio.  The bed, covered with plush pillows and fresh linens, was comfortable. The bathroom was great - two vanity sinks with an integrated tv (which had bad reception), enclosed granite shower, a bathtub with a view of the Strip (and a electronic privacy shade if you desire). Complementary cards were included in the suite. Maid service was excellent.Use of the fitness area costs $15 and internet costs $13/day which seemed rather pricey to me. I'll post a pic of the spa prices (note: they charge you a mandatory 20% gratuity!).The amenities include use of the pool area which was lovely. We enjoyed lazing around the pool all afternoon like two slugs. It was awesome! The crowd there is diverse - you see kids in their lifejackets, the elderly sunning next to their wheelchairs and the young 20 somethings sporting designer shades and swimwear. The music is top 20's with some pop favourites from the 80's. Fortunately, the music was at a comfortable decibel level.The casino itself was quiet during our weekday vacay and was relatively smoke free for a casino. Also really like they didn't pump some yucky perfume in the ventilation system like other casinos on the Strip. Loved the free beverage fountain next to Marinelli's which wasn't watered down! (they had Fresca! I love Fresca!)Disadvantages: well, if you don't gamble, go to the spa, lounge in the pool or check out Tina Martini- there isn't much here to do unlike other local casinos which have movie theatres and bowling alleys. The location is another factor to consider because there really isn't much around the casino - plus it's far from the Strip for visitors. You'll definitely need a car if you stay here.Finally, the food doesn't quite live up to level of quality at the hotel. Compared to other Strip casino hotels which have great restaurants there or nearby, this hotel's food is okay but not great.Overall, a really nice stay and we were glad we came to relax here. A 4.5 star review.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,9/27/2010,28,65,5,4,3>Surprisingly good Korean food for a small neighborhood place. They are just seconds from my house so I go in every few weeks for some take out. Everything I have ever eaten here has been great. The Galbi is excellent. All of the sides are fresh and tasty, and they vary from time to time so you can try different things if you go more than once. They even sell them in large jars if you want to stock up for the winter. The kimchi jigae is also great. Hot and Spicy just the way I like it. Even better when you have a terrible cold. The best Korean food I am aware of in Henderson. Yummy....... Think I'm headed over there right now.......Bye.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2010,9/26/2010,464,819,3,11,10>This seems to be one Wolfgang restaurant that isn't suffering from the Celebrity Chef Syndrome. You know... that ailment that seems to affect many restaurants on the Strip. The one where a celebrity chef opens an outpost in Sin City only to neglect it and have the quality of the product suffer as a result. As an example see Spago and Postrio or other celeb restaurants like Mesa Grill. Cut bucks the trend successfully by offering some amazing steaks and fabulous accompaniments.While I didn't think the cheese ball amuse bouche was anything special, the bread selection was very good. Particularly good were the pretzel bread and focaccia. The fresh burrata (with prosciutto, raisin-rhubarb compote, and arugula) wasn't something that was very memorable. The cold, stringy consistency of the cheese wasn't appetizing and the subtle flavor made the dish forgettable. The maple glazed pork belly, however, was an unbelievable mix of sweet and savory flavors. It could have benefitted from a little more pork fat to add to the texture and taste, but overall it was one of the best pork dishes i've had in a while.For our entrees we had an 8 oz. petit cut filet and the 16 oz Nebraska corn fed rib eye. We ordered some wild field mushrooms with the filet and got a side of fingerling potatoes to share. We ordered both medium rare but the filet came out closer to medium. They were both beautifully charred, providing a flavorful crust to the steaks while keeping the centers juicy and tender. Service was solid, although our waiter did disappear for a few stretches. However, the guy refilling our water was always around. It seemed like after every sip of water he was there to fill it back up to the top.The decor is hip, trendy, and modern. Quite a contrast to most other steak houses in Las Vegas. The music was more safe and mainstream, as they played a lot of U2, the Beatles, Rolling Stones, and Cold Play.They give locals a 20% discount off of food, so if you are Nevada resident make sure you ask about it when you order.4.5 Stars
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,9/25/2010,664,612,3,9,6>Sake-To-Me!Literally! So I should have called Sangeetha to tell her I was coming here, but I just stopped by after a visit to Tokyo Discount...Greg and Miko warmly welcomed me, and when they learned I was engaged, I got cold unfiltered sake on the house!  yum.  My meal consisted of the long-awaited spicy tuna bowl with soft shell crab on top, nimono, and saba sashimi, plus matcha iced tea (surprise, surprise).The bowl: soooo good, fulfilled my cravings.  The soft shell crab was very crispy and tasty, but not greasy at all.  This was served beautifully with cucumbers, masago, lemon slices, and daikon.The nimono: This is basically Japanese comfort food.  Daikon, carrot, potato, taro, fish cake, and maybe burdock cooked in dashi-esque broth.  Warm, soft, delish...The saba: Cured to perfection, delicate but flavorful, cut by the master.  I ate the daikon and the perilla leaf too.The tea and sake: satisfying counterbalances :)and yes, it was packed in there fairly late on a Thursday!Look for an upcoming UYE one of these days, super-vegetarian-friendly!
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2010,9/23/2010,203,164,14,7,6>"Got Ramen?"My life has never been the same ever since I became lactose-intolerant. I've tried to substitute with soy milk to no avail. Now thanks to Monta, I can drink Tonkatsu broth all-day to get my nutrients! Yes, Tonkatsu broth, rich, creamy pork marrow. Served with slow roasted pork in pork fat. Topped with green onions. I wish I drank this growing up, I would have been 6 foot-tall and playing in the NBA. Instead, I'm short and pull people's teeth for a living. My one complaint, turn up the AC yo! It is HOT! I was sweating more than the pig I just ate. I was sweating like a hooker in church. Like junkie in withdrawal. Like Clinton next to an intern. Like a blonde reading a math book. Seriously Chuck Norris would complain that it's hot in there..
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/22/2010,230,576,4,5,4>I love this place! Today I called in an order because I knew I would pass this on my way home. When I got there the cashier was apologizing about the short ribs ...he said some looked a little small. When I looked at it I was like OMG! this is more than enough for me. I can't even finish it ...and believe me I tried. I just found out they can customize combos for you which is great on days like today where I didn't know what to have ..chicken or beef? It was so good and most important the rice and the macaroni salad tasted just right. The macaroni salad also comes with the combo. Even though L & L is much closer to me I prefer this place because of the great service, the food tastes better and you get bigger portions.I also like that they have a variety of different desserts to choose from on a daily basis.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,9/18/2010,91,73,8,12,8>This is my 3rd review for Glazier's.  Gee whiz, how do I find the time?  Actually, this time I'd like to focus on their prepared food items/pizza/salad bar/gelato.I have tried the pepperoni roll-ups, swedish meatballs, and some other easy prep items from Mrs. G's prepared food area.  None of which was worth trying again.  I'm sadden to say this, really I am.  None of the items had any zip, taste, or verve.  The fiancee and I recently purchased one of their 'new' pizzas.  It's not a NY style, not a deep dish, not a thin/crispy crust.  It's somewhere between a NY and a hmm.... no words to describe it.  The pizza chef/manager told us Glazier's recently (within the last 4 months) changed their pizza recipe.  I wonder why?  Was it not selling, too many complaints, or too many whiny commentors?  So, the new version we brought home was okay and definitely worth forgetting about.  The sauce on the pizza really was quite upsetting.  I personally don't enjoy munching on tomatoes; the pizza had huge chunks of them in their sauce!Ahh the good ole salad bar.   How I love thee.  So fresh, so clean, so good.  My fingers want to keep piling vegetables in my to-go container when I'm around thee.  But at $6.88 per lb. I must  exercise restraint, for I have already created a 2 lb. + monster from your bed of greens.  Remembering when Glazier's first opened, they had fresh dipped ice cream available by the scoop.  Ice cream is good but, I have to be in the mood for it.  However, recently there's been a change in the freezer to GELATO!  This stuff, gelato, yummy goodness, I'm always in the mood for!  COOKIES AND CREAM and MINT CHOCOLATE CHIP are my weaknesses.  Glazier's carries both!  WHY, damn it!  However, at $3.79 for 3 scoops I cannot cower at the price, I'd be willing to pay double or perhaps triple (and have paid 5x the amount for the same thing at the Forum Shops @ Caesar's).Though Glazier's needs some work on the Mrs. G's prepared foods and pizza, they're doing a mighty fine job on their salad bar!  And whomever decided to replace the ice cream with authentic Italian  gelato, I'm coming over to give you a big kiss (j/k).
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,9/16/2010,358,399,7,9,7>So one of my fav  ex-yelper asked where Los Parados was located since she was hankering for a taco.  After a couple visits there she felt great tacos were to be had elsewhere.  A day later she proclaimed victory in finding a better taco at Tacos El Gordo.  Hmm... i'll be the judge of that ( then again, she speaks fluent spanish, knows mexican food like i know burgers so the reality is SHE'S THE JUDGE  not me ! ) All the tacos are $2  - they have about 10 varieties.  other options are tostada's ( also $2 ) and interestingly, asada fries which cost $10 ...$10 ?!?!?   okaaaay.When you come in , a lil unusual method of ordering - basically 4 separate lines based on which taco you order - english is definitely the 2nd language so be careful how you order, but the employees are very pleasant and work with you.  So i order a spicy pork, pork, asada and cabeza tacos.  You stand there as they chop the meat, place the meat on the freshly prepared tortillas ( you see the tortilla lady cooking away ) They put a guagamole/avocado sauce on the asada - very good .  the spicy pork had a creamy sauce, too - not sure what it was, but tasted great.  all had cilantro and onions.  btw - they also give you a plate of grilled green onions and a chile - wasn't sure what i was supposed to do with them - looked around - saw a few people gnawing on them - sure why not !  The cabeza was just ok, the pork was a lil on the fat side.  The tortillas were delicious ! I don't think i'll try the beef brain tacos ( not cabeza ) but the chorizo tacos looked great - next visit .Is it better than Parados ...it's very possible.  Further tastings are necessary.  Interestingly, this place is in the same center as a los tacos ( not a fan ) pics posted
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2010,9/15/2010,140,148,13,10,10>Definitely check it out if you're in the area, especially if there's a good band playing.  Yayo has a very diverse selection of beers like Baltika, and Delirium Tremens.  Big plus.We tried some tacos, and a burrito the last time we went, and they were phenomenal.  I can't believe I never actually ate there before.The reason I'm not rating this taco shop any higher is because Yayo attracts some seriously annoying clientèle.  There was a group of a dozen stoned dudes playing bongos  for 2+ hours straight last weekend.  It was extremely irritating.  They finally stopped when the band went on.  "The band" was actually one emaciated, homeless-looking, dreadlocked hippy that screamed god knows what to some bland synth tunes.  THAT was actually better than the bongo-playing....until aforementioned homeless hippy jumped off the stage, came outside (still screaming into the mic) and knocked MY beer bottle off the table, and into the crowd of bongo-playing stoners, shattering it all over the patio.  It's not that I didn't want to fling the bottle at them myself, it's just that I wasn't quite done with my beer at that point.  Aaaanyway.  Unless I'm going to see some bands I actually like, I'm going to stick to coming here in the afternoon when the hippies, and stoners are still asleep.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,9/14/2010,136,413,4,7,4>Wow.  That's the best way to describe it.  Wow.Thanks to Jade W., I decided to take a trip two minutes away from my house to this small bakery on Durango.  I was excited because the reviews rave great cupcakes, and as my fans and readers know, I've only found one place in Vegas (Mad Hatter) that makes cupcakes well.  Now I have two on my fave list, and this beats Mad Hatter for me.Retro Bakery is totally awesome sporting cupcakes and cakes to order.  They have a multitude of flavors and some special ones time and again.  They are adorable!  Their shop is in this tiny corner shopping center next to Walgreens on Durango right between a nail salon and an eatery.  When you walk in you're greeted by sweet women behind the counter, clean cream colored walls, and this awesome yellow retro fridge holding their drinks behind the register.  Their small glass case displays their cupcakes, and when I went there were 18 kinds to choose from.I didn't want to miss out on any great flavors, and I wanted to drop a half dozen to my husband's work, so I grabbed all 18 to go.  I'm so glad that I did.  First off, their cupcakes are visually pleasing.  They are all about their frosting--a nice, old fashioned buttercream that's flavored according to the cupcakes that it tops.  Ranging from original  vanilla with regular buttercream to this crazy hop scotch cupcake that looks like a dipped butterscotch ice cream cone (the topping does, anyway), they have maple bacon cupcakes and more!  I took a picture of one of the boxes of cupcakes that I have with me right now.  I literally opened it while driving because I couldn't wait to try one, and I reached for the vanilla with strawberry butercream on top.  I have this issue with overtopping cupcakes with too much frosting, and Retro doesn't hold back at all. However, I'd like to emphasize that you will definitely eat all their buttercream on top because it's not too sweet, just right, and it just looks darn cute. Now, for the cupcake review:Vanilla cupcake with strawberry buttercream:  Fan-tas-tic.  Moist, vanilla cake that's perfectly moist but can hold up to the buttercream swirled on top.  The flavor is perfect and the cake itself is not too sweet--just right.  Same thing goes with that gorgeous buttercream frosting on top.  I loved it and I took half of it off, only to find myself eating the rest of that frosting by itself.  It was really good.Tart Cupcake: I believe that was the name of the label.  It tastes like a tart cranberry cupcake with lemonade buttercream on top.  It was tart and sweet, and a perfect springtime cupcake.  Absolutely tart-o-licious!Glazed Donut:  Just as it's named.  This cupcake tastes like a krispy kreme original glazed donut with a cupcake texture.  That glaze they put on top is awesome and if I didn't know any better I'd say Johnny (their head baker) stole the krispy kreme recipe.  It's my favorite that I'll definitely go back for on a regular basis.Maple bacon: This one is definitely a foodie favorite.  If you like to put bacon in your waffles or in french toast, you'll dig this cupcake.  It's sweet and savory with chewy real bacon pieces on top of the maple buttercream and inside the cupcake.  It was a true first for me and I actually enjoyed it!  great flavor and texture, but I have a feeling that people who aren't too adventurous will like this with the first bite. Trust me, though, it sounds strange, but bacon lovers will swoon over it.I have many more that I could review individually, but you just have to go and try it for yourself.  All of them are moist, delicious, and just right.  I love the ambiance of the bakery, the flavors that they sell and their prices.  The prices are more than fair for their cupcakes.  I'm looking forward to ordering a birthday cake from them for my husband this month!  From the pictures on yelp they look fantastic.Overall, retro is a great cupcake place that's stolen my heart.  You have to stop by and try this place when you're in the area because it's definitely worth it.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,9/13/2010,59,75,3,6,6>Seriously.. the best poke in town. Their new location in Island Sushi is uber convenient vs. driving to N. LV for their original location.They have various types of poke including pipikaula and dried aku.Their spicy tuna is broke da mout!! Big chucks of ahi, not the ground up crap you find everywhere else. The spicy salmon is just as ono too! No joke.I've tried a bunch of their pokes. The shoyu, limu and wasabi ahi are among some of my faves. They use fresh limu, not the crappy dehydrated stuff. They're reasonably priced at about $10/lb. Man, you go to International Market Place and you are paying almost $15/lb and they only have poke on certain days. Poke Express is a definite fave whenever I'm craving some really good and fresh poke! Not to mention you can get an awesome plate lunch at Island Sushi while you are there too!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,9/10/2010,178,81,6,7,5>Yo BevMo!!! Move over because you've been out Bev'd and out Mo'd!Moving to Vegas disappointed me when I first learned that there wasn't a BevMo in sight.  Until.....we discovered Lee's Discount Liquor!  Sorry BevMo but you've become too hoity toity for me.  We're in a recession and we'll take discounted wine anywhere.It really is as good as it gets here.  I was going to give them 4 stars because of their cheesy advertising (but even that became a bit charming in some way) however, ever since Mr. Lee and company threw that oh-so-fabulous Wine Experience event at the Hilton here in Vegas this past weekend....well, they deserve all the stars Yelp has to offer!For all you out of towners, this event is a MUST ATTEND.  I don't care where you are in America, come to Lee's Annual Wine Experience.  I suggest planning an entire Vegas visit just for this event alone!Ok, back to the actual store....aisles and aisles of wine galore.  Dare I say it?  Yes, MORE than BevMo.  Even some of the hardest to find, Lee's has it.  And what's great about this place is that you don't feel so lost browsing through their selection.  It's easy to walk down the aisles to find what you want! The prices are great, their staff is always ever so helpful and their wine selection....excellent.excellent.excellent.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,9/9/2010,128,127,6,8,7>When I first came here, I was very skeptical but little did I know that I would actually love this place!  Prices are very good.  Quality of food is excellent.  You can definitely taste the freshness of the fish.  Although, they don't have a lot of selections when it comes to their all you can eat sushi, it's still the place I go to when I crave it.  They just started it so that can be one of the reasons they didn't add all the sushi on that menu.  They have the best Green Mussels ever!  My all time favorites are the chef's specials like the Island Roll...I love it!  I haven't tried anything that I didn't like.  The staff here are very nice.  The atmosphere is great.  Very clean restaurant.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,9/8/2010,439,357,2,6,6>I have driven by this place for years but just recently went in for the first time to grab a donut and croissant. All I can say is... it's pretty darn tasty. Personally, this is the only donut shop in town that I know of that is not a Krispy Kreme or something like that. This is your standard old fashion donut shop with bear claws, maple bars, cake donuts with sprinkles etc.... No more of this fancy donut business for me! Yay for Al's! Oh and they are across from UNLV which makes it great for me to stop by on may way into morning classes.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,9/7/2010,563,342,2,5,3>Star # 1 - All you can eat sushi!  I mean that is a star in itselfStar # 2 - $26.95 for All you can eat sushi dinner ;) Good price because I can eat that much in sushi ...EASY!Star # 3 - I have been to other all you can sushi places in Vegas and this one has the most variety.  The side dish list is much longer than others and offers some good stuffStar # 4 - Customer service here is great. They treat you with great courtesy and always come back to make sure you are OK.Star # 5 - Restaurant setting.  I mean they play a little bit too much trance and should maybe mix in the some r&b, or commercial hip hop, but the ambiance is still cool.  They have modern decor, and TVs in visible areas to watch ESPN...perfect! haha!Come here hungry and beware how much you order.   Here are some good things I like to order:Side dishes:-Surf n Turf-Baked Mussels-Shrimp tempura-Edamame (warm and with some salt! lol)-Green Tea Ice Cream-Green Tea MochiSushi rolls:-Spicy Tuna Crunch-Spider Roll
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,9/6/2010,4682,1966,10,15,14>This is a very challenging golf course.  Set in the hills of Green Valley, this desert course requires that you are not only a long ball hitter, but an accurate one at that.I would not recommend this golf course to the average or high handicap golfer, it will only frustrate you.  The views of the valley are spectacular and if you are into it they offer "Tee Mates", which are "good looking" women who you can pay an extra fee for them to ride around with you during your round....they will replace divots, tee up your ball, fix ball marks, and tend the pin.  I've never used that service as I find it distracting and a waste of money.  However, if that's what floats your boat, it's available.....just remember that you have to pay extra for it and reserve them ahead of time.The course itself is kept in great condition all year round.  The fees are above average for a Vegas golf course, but you get to play a fantastic course for your money.I've played here a few times, but not enough to have favorite holes.Will I return?  I will eventually, it's a good course.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/9/2010,9/5/2010,4974,721,5,6,6>A good sandwich to hit the spot after going to court for a speeding ticket! I got the tri-tip and my wife got the turkey.  I liked the salads and the sides that came with it too.  She had a lot more meat in her sandwich and the turkey was definitely better than mine but both were decent.It wasn't the most comfortable place to be eating but whatever.  This is a place for takeout orders.  I honestly couldn't imagine eating in their outdoor area unless you want a dash of desert dust and car exhaust on your food.You also get the homeless, downtown crazies that sometimes decide to drop by and yell at the staff saying "Give me my fucking jack back!" while slamming the counter.  Whatever the hell that means.  Like I said...TAKE OUT!! Good times.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,9/4/2010,364,129,11,16,12>This is a first... I've never been to a sushi joint that showed so much dedication on presentation before! I'm blown away with Hokaido's creativity. Came here with my cousin for dinner and sat at the sushi bar. We love being up close and personal with the sushi chef ;) haha. Anway, while we both scanned the menu, my cousin noticed the chef prepping something that caught her attention which was the "Marilyn Monroe" roll - tuna, green onion, cucumber, soypaper, spicy scallop. As for me, I ordered the "Dynamite" and "Bikini" roll. The Dynamite - shrimp, scallops, clam & mushroom over rice, baked in a shell. The Bikini roll - spicy soft shell crab, cucumber, shrimp tempura, seared tuna, and avocado. First reaction as he served us our orders... WOAH.Our food had flowers and carved butterflies out of carrots and radishes!!! Let me repeat.. CARVED BUTTERFLIES! That's talent! xD haha. It made me not want to eat it because it was so pretty. And, the sushi's were absolutely delicious! I mean damn... that was some good shit. Quality of the fish was fresh. Not chewy. Which is super important.Check list:Customer service - check.Food quality - check.Presentation - check. Will I return?! OHHHH YEAAAAHH. *Note to self - Hokaido does not offer AYCE.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,9/2/2010,263,168,13,6,7>Let me start with telling you how I feel at the present moment. Currently, I am sitting in my office desk typing this review and having the hardest time in keeping a straight poise, which is surprisingly difficult for me to attain because I ate all of my combination # 10 plus fried egg rolls and barbecued spring rolls. And yes, I ate every pebble of the broken rice. Interesting enough, I was asking myself as I was eating, "Why does my fellow yelpers call the broken rice crack?"  Realizing this by the time I finished the rice, that it's called crack because you can't stop eating until everything is gone! Noticing that you are asking yourself the same question in your head over and over again at each bite.  Bosa 1 made me feel and look like I am 7 months pregnant. I normally can maintain a nice posture and sucking in my tummy to feel and look feminine.  Oh no, not today. I am letting it all hang out to show my appreciation in the goodness of delicious Bosa 1! I need a wheelchair!!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,9/1/2010,693,1125,7,8,7>Hahaha I love how confused we were and wondered if we opened the right door to the Shish Kabob House and had to ask someone in this banquet looking hall. The sign is to one side over by the exit door and not directly above the entrance. Because of the decor, I thought we stumbled into some sort of private hall.It seems my comrades thought their chickens were more on the okay side so I'm drawing to a conclusion that maybe the red meats are the star? My beef kabob and lula kabob were pretty good and lamb is definitely to try next time. The LuLa was nicely seasoned and the beef kabob was tender and juicy. This isn't really "Mediterranean" but I guess it's easy to lump it instead of call this Armenian. Salad was good and fresh and added a bit of the "wetness" the meal needs, but I still think maybe the meats should come with a sauce. Rice is buttered and they use jasmine rice so it is soft and not dry at all.  The plate had roasted tomato which was yummy to mix into the food and had a roasted pepper which I thought was the usual mild sweet peppers most Mediterranean places give. Beware- its a spicy pepper and I took a big mouthful like an idiot. Delicious in small bites, but not so much in a mouthful...ouchie. Next time I'll see if they can do a small dipping cup of their cucumber yogurt. They had it on the back listed in appetizers so I didn't even know they had some sort of yogurt...I think maybe that would be the missing link to marry all the flavors together. For the big plate I had and a drink it was around $10 which was a good deal so this would be a good lunch spot for people in the area (like me). I will come back for the LuLa , that was pretty decent. I saw a mention of Chicken Tabaka...wasnt on the lunch so maybe I'll go during dinner to order that- been missing this dish.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,8/31/2010,563,825,3,7,6>A couple of years ago, a friend of mine told me that this place has the best sushi and the freshest fish. Why the heck did it take me so long to finally try it?Simply put, Yama Sushi is awesome. You wouldn't know it from the outside. It's in a typical Vegas strip mall near the corner of Flamingo and Maryland. Walk inside and it just automatically feels like you're in for a treat. The decor seems very traditional Japanese. It looked crowded, but we were seated immediately.So how's the sushi? Amazing. It definitely lived up to expectations. We tried not to go too crazy, but I think we incurred some decent damage.* Miso Soup* Edamame* Seaweed Salad* Seafood Salad* Soft-Shell Crab* Salmon Kama* Unagi* Ikura with Quail Egg* Yama Roll* Roger Roger Roll* Soft-Shell Crab Roll* Dancing In The Sheet Roll* Mochi (Strawberry, Mango, and Chocolate)A definite must-order is the Seafood Salad (limit one per person). It's basically a plate of sashimi stirring in some mild or spicy dressing. I know of no other AYCE menu that offers sashimi. Pretty much everything we ordered was delicious. The only thing I won't order again is the Soft-Shell Crab appetizer. Breaded in Panko and deep-fried, it's just a little too oily and unnecessary. I'll stick with the sushi and salads next time.I'm not sure if we got lucky, but the service is incredibly fast. Since we were only an hour out from closing time, we started marking things on our paper menu as soon as we sat down. I went out to get my camera from the car, and as soon as I got back, it seemed like items just kept coming at a rapid pace. Fortunately, I eat at a rapid pace!By the way, at $22.95 for dinner, this is one of the cheaper AYCE sushi spots. Not by much, but it's worth mentioning.I've said before that I'm really not that picky when it comes to sushi. Lately, I've been holding back on my five star ratings. Yama Sushi deserves a five. With fast service, delicious and fresh offerings, and a very competitive price, it just does the AYCE thing right.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2010,8/30/2010,93,649,2,5,5>I get an hour for lunch; the fact that I can usually get to Kobe, eat and get back within that hour timeframe is the main reason I eat here as often as I do. There are other places in town I certainly prefer. The ambiance is great. Very nicely decorated. Service is so-so. The waitstaff are all friendly but they could be more attentive. On multiple occasions I have had to flag someone down to get a drink refilled, and this was during lunch when it's rarely busy. Don't count on getting things in a specific order, despite asking to have certain selections come out first, things usually come out randomly.The sushi is tasty, I particularly like the Screaming Orgasm. I have never had trouble finding plenty to order, but potential customers should be forewarned that not everything on the menu is available for AYCE.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2010,8/29/2010,137,378,9,8,9>Listen to me, I'm a sushi snob. Seriously, I'm going to be pretentious here. Ready, go.I've written the same shit in my other reviews; I've been to the finest sushi restaurants in the world, and Sen of Japan is right up there. Who the fuck would have thought, this tiny little place west of the strip would have some incredible fish?So surprised, and now I'm converted from naked fish. Dollar for dollar, best sushi I've ever had. From the sashimi/nigiri to the innovative rolls, it was an awesome dining experience that I'm excited to have again and again and again.Black snapper, that's all I have to say.Trust me, I'm a doctor.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,8/28/2010,446,223,2,6,7>The plan was to make homemade teriyaki portabello sandwiches for dinner and on the drive home I realized that i was tired and did not want to cook today.. So I turned to the never fail you Yelp searching for something good to eat. Guess what happened, I found Chicken Bonz... I happen to enjoy a good wing every now and again and decided that this was a perfect fit for what my taste buds happen to be asking for, something spicy, crunchy, tasty and all around amazing. If your still with me this is where the fun began, we drove over to C. Bonz and when we arrived the place was packed, and I mean no place to sit and 4 person deep line packed. After taking in how busy this place was we started scanning the menu, I see that 12 wings are roughly $12 but on the special little chalkboard below the menu i see scribbled in chalk that every day is all you can eat wing day for $11.99, You better believe Mr. Raymond went for the AYCE for 11.99. I ordered the Hot BBQ which was really good but did not have the kick that I was expecting. This wings happen to be huge and the atmosphere was okay. Some of the clientele seemed a little shady but as long as they do not try to snag my wings it's all good. Obviously I enjoyed this place and yes i would go back but here is the breakdown of good and bad.Good:1. The chicken wings are on steroids and are gigantic2. They are cooked just right and had the perfect amount of sauce 3. The $11.99 Price point is Money!! not in literal terms people.4. The service was awesome, as in friendlyBad/ Downside:1. It took FOREVER to get our food2. You have to pay for any ranch or dipping sauce there is non included3. The dining area is small- I don't know that this is a bad thing..My star rating of 4 stars is all due to the quality of the wings. The one star loss was due to the long wait for the wings when initially ordered. Overall, I say YES... Try this place at least once, this is a great alternative to your normal cookie cutter Buffalo Wild Wings type place.  Enjoy!!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,8/27/2010,292,759,14,7,9>I've been twice in the past couple weeks and this is my current favorite sushi place in Las Vegas ! The sashimi is always so fresh and tasty. The cuts are generous. The robata grill stuff is an awesome addition. The owner and other sushi chefs are friendly and fun. I will warn you the suburban douche population is HUGE at this place. The sushi bar is always crawling with tools from Anthem that have never eaten sushi before and freak out about every single item they try "OMG it's salmon..OMG this is the best salmon I've ever eaten", etc. If you can get over the suburbanites by all means you must go here!
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,8/26/2010,227,166,1,9,7>I went here today for dinner because I was across the street at Costco. I totally forgot this place opened up (and so very glad it did) because the only other one I know of is near UNLV---across town for me.The bento box was really goood. It came with four different kinds of meat, rice, and macaroni salad. All the meats were delicious, even the fried stuff wasn't very greasy. I did not try the macaroni salad --- I dislike items that taste like mayonnaise (IMHO). Thankfully, they kept the mac salad in a separate container so that it would not touch any of the food that I actually wanted to eat. This will def be my go-to here.The seafood platter, which included scallops, mahi mahi, fried shrimp, rice, and mac salad, was alright. It didn't come with as much food as the bento combo, but it was the same price. You always have to pay more for seafood though. The scallops tasted soft with a nice, crispy breading. I liked the mahi-mahi too--very fresh tasting. I did not taste the shrimp.PROS:-Refillable drinks-Plenty of seats (for a small place), some booths too-Food was served quickly-Good service overall-Food comes in to-go boxes (but not biodegradable ones)The one aspect of the visit that I disliked was that that they did not close the door even though it was windy outside. I was sitting by the door and got chills every so often. I got over it as the wind died down though.I'll be back... I need to try their spam musubi and saimin.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,8/25/2010,76,115,1,8,9>With Hawaiian, reggae, blues, world music, women's voices, KUNV is much more than jazz. The weekend programming is where it's at. Start listening around 10 AM on Saturdays and keep listening until late Sunday night. You will hear a new program about every 2-3 hours. It's really hard to pick favorites, but mine are Grass Shack, CQDX, and Latin Nights.KUNV's local hosts are knowledgeable volunteers who care about their genres. They actually talk about the songs and artists they play. I've listened every weekend for the past 6 years. During the weekdays they play pretty much jazz only. 91.5 is UNLV's radio station and it's available online at kunv.unlv.edu/streaming.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,8/24/2010,234,139,9,10,9>I just got home from an awesome time at Wayne's Sushi Bar. I can't believe we were here for 3 hours.Me n Lily D arrived here at 9pm. I came here after I had dinner at home. Lily was on a mission to satisfy my craving for some sashimi, since I had been craving some raw fish after seeing some pics she had posted.  What we ordered:-1 large Asahi-1 large Sapporo-2 large nigori sake + 1 on the house-1 hamachi jalapeno-1 ahi tuna salad-1 white tuna jalapeno-1 smoked bbq pork-1 toro nigiri-2 uni/quail egg/sake shootersWayne and his wife were great hosts/servers/chefs. I didn't expect to have such a great time tonight. They busted out the karaoke. Lily, Wayne, his wife, and some of the other guests showed is their vocal skills!! The fish was only about 4 stars, but the environment was 5 stars!! I made a comment to Wayne about giving me the slab of TORO and he gave us a plate of toro on the house!! The karaoke started towards the end of the night. Wayne, his wife, Lily D., and some of the other customers bust out their vocal skills on the mic. It was almost like being at a sushi bar in San Francisco!!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2010,8/23/2010,161,172,6,5,3>Bless your heart Sumo 2.  The staff are phenomenal.  Joy was our server this particular evening, and she did nothing but kicked ass. We had a party of 8 people including 3 wild boys, so thank you for being so patient with us. I had my eyes on the kids, so i really didn't pay much attention to details, but i do recall the decor was quite lovely with a big ass aquarium in the room.We ordered bunch of sushi stuff for the table as well as other side dishes, but none were memorable. Even so, our sashimi were just OK at best.   We saved 50bucks from Restaurant.com and our tab was still $240.  Kind of made me think that we should have gone to AYCE instead after all.  Next time i won't doubt those brats lolWe went mainly for the kids since they wanted to eat sushi, so it was nice to take those rug rats out to dinner in a mature setting.  Hopefully they didn't agitated the other patrons in the restaurant because i did not have the heart to yell at the boys since they are not my own.  The children didn't eat much of the sushi stuff after a while, so we got them a bowl of udon to share amongst themselves.  Not sure if that did the trick, but it did kept them quiet for a good 5min :PThe desserts here are not worth your while other than the mochi.  Do not get the creme brulee.  It's like a cheesecake done horribly wrong. Verdict: kids say the darndest things e.g. "I wanna eat sushi!"
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,8/22/2010,1362,984,8,19,15>Another review goes out to Lisa L.! We are always on the lookout for great AYCE sushi - and we're bigger fans of the fish itself and not the rolls.  Blue Fin Sushi definitely impressed up with the quality of their fish.First off, Blue Fin is a small restaurant - more like a mom and pop's place.  It's almost better to keep this place on the down low because I would hate to have to wait for a seat here.Our party of three plus toddler went for the AYCE dinner option at $25.95/pp.  First off - uni, limit one order per person and dinner only.  Because of the weather in California, they did not get their shipment.  Oh.  Would they be willing to give us an extra order of amaebi then?  Yes.  Sweet!  And when it arrived, it looked just fabulous and tasted good too!We went to work ordering a bunch of nigiri and was pleasantly surprised with how they came out.  More often than not, AYCE sushi places just shove as many pieces on a plate as they can.  But they actually presented it quite nicely for us, which we appreciated.  We were especially impressed with their super white tuna, which I am certain was escolar.  (Super white tuna usually means albacore, so escolar is definitely a highlight!)  Their version of ikura was a bit different - it actually seemed like they made it themselves since the eggs didn't separate and were still within the sac, if that makes any sense.Another highlight was their spicy rolls - I'm not a fan of the Sriracha-based kind and this was mayo-based.  Yum!We also really enjoyed their Soft Shell Crab Tempura (limit one order per person, dinner only).  It had a nice batter and was definitely tasty!The Husband ordered the Grilled Yellowtail Collar (limit one order per person, dinner only), but hoped they had forgotten since he was getting full.  When it did arrive, it was a huge piece!  It looked like the equivalent of two collars usually served at other restaurants!Another highlight - unlimited dessert! Green tea and red bean ice cream, mochi ice cream, and tempura ice cream are available.  The tempura ice cream is a huge scoop and we were surprised with how generous it was.Service did take a bit long, and we were there for a good while, more than the hour time limit.  But there was only the only waitress and the restaurant definitely was filled to the max while we were there.  In this case, we didn't mind - but if it was just the two of us, we might have gotten a bit anxious.Overall, Blue Fin Sushi is a place I would recommend for good quality sushi.  I can't comment on their fancy rolls, but we liked what we ate and would definitely go back!There are outdoor tables, but I'm not sure it they open them up when the weather gets better or not.Lunch (11:00 am to 3:00 pm) $21.95/ppDinner (3:00 pm to 11:00 pm) $25.95/pp60 minute limitUpdate! (05.12.10)Went back for a return visit and we were both pleased with our experience there.Only a handful of customers sitting at the sushi bar, and that's where we chose to sit as well.  Ordered a bunch of nigiri and they had uni this time as well.  The soft shell crab was served up on a nice bed of salad greens with a sauce on it this time, which wasn't a problem since we asked for no sauce the next time.  Overall, we took our time and was out within an hour.  They didn't disappoint on quality at all.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/6/2010,8/21/2010,121,619,3,4,4>About a 3.5 would be more accurate. Our hummus had more personality than our waitress which knocked down the stars a bit. Act like you like your job and your customers and your tips would get larger, I promise.Started with the hummus which was quite good and had a neat presentation to it. Wifey had the chicken swarma sandwich and she thought it was good for her first time having it. I had a gyro, minus the lettue, and it was good as well. Something we both noticed is the pita is compressed and grilled panini style for both of our meals. I've never had a gyro served this way and I'm conflicted as to whether I'd like it that way again or not... different, but not bad. The french fries are great!Our overall impression was that it was a decent lunch but overpriced for what you're getting.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2010,8/19/2010,151,137,5,6,5>I have became a fan of the Stage Door, it is one of the quintessential dive bars in Las Vegas, where else within a block of the strip can you get a  $1 Miller High Life, $1.50 domestic beer or well drink, $1.75 import, a hotdog and a Miller Lite for $2.50 or a Brat and A Heniken for $3...the answer is no where.The Bartenders are pretty friendly, the bouncers can be a bit gruff, and the clientele, well that is pretty much one of the reasons to check out the place, no where else will you see people in suits, an army of foreigners, a few insane homeless people, and a bunch of industry workers all enjoying a frosty beverage at the same time?The Juke Box has an amazing selection, and they have Video Poker and Video BJ for $0.01-$5 a credit.They also have small menu of bar food that is pretty decent, but the drinks are the reason to check the place out. If you've never been to the Stage Door you don't know what you are missing out on...this place is an oldschool vegas gem!!!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,8/17/2010,48,141,2,10,6>This is not your ordinary spa. This is a Korean Bath house. If you are uncomfortable being naked around other people of the same sex, this may not be for you. They have separate male and female areas for the bathing, scrubbing,steaming, and sauna. There are also areas where males and females can enjoy hot rooms together in uniforms the "spa" provides.If you have been to Spa Castle in Queens NYC this is like that on a smaller scale.Great place to come and spend a few hours pampering yourself and your skin.  They have many massage services etc...but come for the steam and the baths and the scrub.(read other reviews to get a better idea of the place overall- its really almost like traveling out of this country for a few hours).
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,8/16/2010,158,34,5,12,5>Oh what a wonderful find this joint was. After my disappointing visit to Benjarong, I gave up my quest for a great Thai restaurant within a 2 mile radius of my neighborhood. But literally a few days later, driving home from work famished, I noticed this unusually placed restaurant with a bright neon red sign as I was driving by. I almost shrugged it off, until I realized I didn't register the word "Thai Kitchen". I immediately crossed two lanes and busted a biznatch. When I went in, there was only a single party of two in the middle of their dinner. I took a peek and the food looked and smelled good. The waitress/host quickly and cheerfully greeted me and provided me with a menu after I told her I was taking-out. She was very genuine and even asked me if I needed anything to drink while I was waiting. Got home. W-o-w. I haven't had such a fine tasting Styrofoam-plated meal in my life. Everything I ordered (Which I'll list below, because I've been to this place about 5-6 times after my initial visit) was piping hot, vibrantly flavorful and most importantly, satisfyingly spicy. Which, on second thought, might be sweat-inducing for most other people. I usually get a 10.. hey, I was raised on Kimchi and Sriracha sauce.Must-haves: Beef Pad Kapow (Spicy Basil Dish), Chicken Pad Thai, Pork Pad Kea Mow, Pineapple Fried Rice, Panang CurryOverall, this is a "cute" little place, that serves excellent Thai food, amongst the best I've had, at a reasonable price and served with a smile. Only downside that I can even think of is that the restaurant can fit 40 people at best. Dare I say it, when it comes strictly to the food alone, Surang is giving Archi a serious run for his money.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2010,8/15/2010,31,95,4,8,6>We completely stumbled on this place by accident. My man and I had 30 minutes to kill before catching "I love you, you're perfect, now change" at the Las Vegas Little Theater (fabulous -- check out my review!) and were disappointed to find that Hawaiian Poke was closed at 7pm. Thai Style Noodle House was the first place open in the chain of restaurants on this little piece of Wynn road, and we decided to check it out. When we opened the door, I was surprised to see how many people were dining. First, this place is an absolute hole in the wall... a clean hole in the wall, as certified by the Las Vegas Dept. of Health (love it when I see the "A"!). But, who cares?? The food is absolutely 5 stars! We had the Papaya Salad (loved it..though it was certainly not the star of the meal); Poh-Thack with Seafood (a Thai version of hot and sour soup -- I absolutely could not stop eating the soup... heaven in a bowl); and the Penang Avocado (who would think to put avocado in Penang curry?? love it!!) If the food is one of this venue's main stars, the other one goes to the server. When we explained that we had 30 minutes to nosh, she was incredibly accommodating so that we were able to leave with 5 minutes to spare... this, despite being the only server in this crowded little resto! I am so glad I found Thai Style and cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,8/14/2010,93,135,4,5,6>Great seafood selection at reasonable prices; fresh looking squid, salmon, shrimp, whole tropical fish, octopus, baby octopus, and a large selection of frozen fish and shell-fish. On top of that, they have a large and usually quite busy meat counter, packaged meat section [including marinated pork belly], fresh seaweed salad [a personal favorite- I can eat tons of it at a time], lots of frozen dumplings, gyoza, lumpia, imported fruit, etc. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, too, which might be hard to find anywhere else including taro, banana blossoms, and a wide variety of chiles. Lots of dried/salted/seasoned fish & fishballs/sausages, chicken and quail eggs, masago, tofu, and tons of sauces, teas, chips, candies, and kitchen equipment. Parking can be ridiculous sometimes, and having been the only white girl in the area I've gotten some intense stares- but nothing too uncomfortable or weird. I don't know enough about philipino cooking to utilize everything in the store, but I've found things I recognize and enjoy but might not find frequently - daifuku for one. Cheap sake and tasty beer [Red Horse] don't hurt, either. Interesting and useful resource to have in the Vegas valley!
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2010,8/13/2010,40,219,5,9,6>Okay, first off, no hatin'. This place is a legitimate museum. It just happens to be owned by the guy who owns Deja Vu, next to a Deja Vu strip club and in the "red light district" part of town. If you can get past that, and are not offended by sex (gay, straight or otherwise), and are open minded, you can really get a lot out of the museum. The price of admission for locals is $10 and you really can get your moneys worth if you spend the time in the museum. Once you find your way in (its on the side of the museum that doesn't say "entrance") you will be greeted by very friendly staff who will help you navigate the museum. The museum itself has tons of erotic visual art, vintage movies (as far back as the early 1900's, memorabilia, historic "artifacts", literature and contemporary pornography. It is definitely not a place for the squeamish, but it is not overly graphic as it could be. My favorite part of the entire exhibit was the stuff on the First Amendment to the US Constitution. I don't think we really understand this Amendment well enough, and the museum really makes a point to promote the freedom of speech. I am no Constitutional scholar but they make a pretty good argument. Overall, there was only one exhibit that left me feeling a bit unnerved, but I think that is the point. This is a great place to go if you want to learn more about a vital piece of American and Las Vegas culture. It really is a great place to learn, and it is very very unique. Definitely highly recommended if you are not offended by real human sexuality.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,8/12/2010,199,77,8,14,9>We just love  this restaurant, even though there is another shabu-shabu restaurant closer to us.  The Wife usually orders the "shabu-shabu style"  seaweed based broth, while I always order the "sukiyaki style" soy sauce based broth.  Both are mild in flavor.  The broth is placed in a stainless steel bowl on top of an induction cooker in front of you.  They have also creatively crafted a bowl shaped in a yin and yang, so that two people can enjoy both broths at the same time.  What a great idea!You select the type of meat, poultry or seafood you desire.  I get either beef, pork or a mixture of both.  The Wife usually orders the raw sea scallops.  We found out that the scallops are sushi grade and not the tiny ones.  Forget cooking them in the broth, we just eat these neatly sliced and scrumptious raw scallops after dipping them straight into a mixture of soy sauce and wasabi.  Another great thing about this place, is that the vegetables are unlimited.  Also, the salad is so tasty.  It's has this awesome dressing that is mayo-based, tangy, and has a slight sweet finish.  I usually end up ordering at least 2-3 salads because of that damn dressing.  The main reason why I love this place is all about those tofu noodles.  This was where I had this type of noodle for the first time.  I always go insane and ask for heaps of it.  It's unlimited!!!  It's all about the texture of these noodles.  This noodle is perfect for shabu-shabu because no matter how long you leave it in the boiling hot broth, the noodle it's texture.  It does not get mushy.  It's so hard to describe its texture because it's slippery and soft but has a slight crunch to it.  It's like eating jellyfish in a jellyfish salad.  It's out of this world for my mouth!!!!  (i mean the noodles....hmmm maybe also the jellyfish salad, but i love both)  Because of the mild flavor of the broths, after cooking each piece meat, vegetable, and tofu noodles, you are able to flavorize them by dipping them in either a peanut based, a ponzu, or a spicy ponzu sauce.  I love the spicy ponzu sauce because it has a good amount of heat and is just so tangy.  I highly recommend this place.  The service has always been excellent and the flavors and quality of food has been so consistent for the number of times we have gone there.  I can't wait to go back there again!!!
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,8/11/2010,639,506,3,5,5>This place was good. LoL. Such a bland review huh? Well we went for sushi, ended up getting the AYCE dinner. Everything was ok, they give you 60 mins, but IDK if they actually time you. We were there for 35 mins and were stuffed. The sushi was pretty good. I didn't get to have my Ahi Sashimi I usually get and no, I didn't want to get sushi and take off the rice! The chefs were nice (and flirty) but the waitress took forever. I'd go again because its close but hmmmm not my fav. Very good if someone is new to sushi so they can try sushi and also have cooked items.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,8/10/2010,92,193,7,8,7>This place is amazing. It's in Chinatown and a small dingy area run by these very friendly people. The donuts here are AMAZING. ALL OF THEM! I can't explain how good they are (I know they are donuts...but these are just so good).Boston Soy Creme - Ok....no idea I was eating soy creme. This thing is so sweet, moist and tasty. It's addictiveGlazed - Best glazed I have ever had!Donut Holes - Portion Controlled Pockets of HeavenI'm not a fan of chocolate donuts but  co-workers of mine (I brought in Ronald's) now drive all the way to Ronald's on the weekends to have breakfast. Not just for vegans (although a large selection of their donuts just happen to be vegan). This place is for everyone who enjoys a good sweet treat!Yum Yum...I've never been this obsessed with donuts till I met Ronald's!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/22/2010,8/9/2010,316,816,2,10,4>For $2 you get a year-long pass to use the indoor track and the pool tables and ping pong tables. My family has the swim and trim pass, I'm not sure how much that was, but I'm pretty sure it's cheap. The place is clean and doesn't reek of sweat or chlorine like some clubs do so that's a plus. They offer a ton of classes, especially for little kids, at a cheap price. The one bad thing is that you can't pay to use the rock climbing wall because of the budget cuts, they couldn't hire anybody to be in charge of it, even though it's still listed as an activity in the Summer 2010 parks and recreation catalog. :'-(
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,8/8/2010,264,264,1,8,5>Yay! I FINALLY made it here to have lunch! I am such a lazy slacker that the 5 mile drive from work has been holding me back.  But SO glad I finally went.Got the Yelp special mocha frappe (vegan, with soy).  Awesomeness points - they don't charge extra for soy (or rice) milk! (You can also get almond milk for a bit extra.)Ordered the tofurkey sandwich (veganized - tofurkey, vegan cheez, tomato, spinach, red bell pepper, hummus on whole grain bread) and my friend got the An Alien Left a Burrito in the Middle East (hehehe), veganized - spinach tortilla w/ beans, vegan cheese, hummus, couscous, and veggies.  I had a bite and it was nummers! I'm gonna get that next time for sure. They also have a black bean sandwich (not veganizable) and breakfast items (can't wait to try the breakfast burrito!).  Reasonably priced coffee drinks, lots of teas (including a very tasty local organic "Summer Orchard").Very friendly staff, and we got our food and drinks really quickly.  Was surprised at how inexpensive it was, bonus! Looks like it would be a fun place to hang out with a few friends on one of the sofas (they had several board games). The only disappointment was the vegan brownie; not bad -- just tasted too "healthy."  Guessing it was sweetened with dates? Which is cool if you're looking for natural sugar, but I like my vegan desserts to taste like junk food. :)Will be coming here on the regular from now on!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,8/7/2010,410,224,5,8,11>This place is now on my list of, "I don't care if I ate this earlier this week, I'll eat this again tonight!" foods.  Yes, I know, that's not a very memorable or catchy list, but it gets the point across!  I think I have to get my sukiyaki fix every couple weeks, or else I start to crave it!When ordering your meal you're presented with several options: the type of meat/chicken/seafood, the portion size and shabu shabu or sukiyaki style.  Once those details are out of the way, food is brought to you almost immediately.  The waitress gets your stove going for you, and you're off!  Your choice of meat is brought out to you, along with an assortment of vegetables that include onions, green onions, asparagus, carrots, mushrooms and cabbage.  You also get some udon noodles and a bowl of rice.  Additional condiments are chili paste, radish and green onion that you can add to your broth.I've had the shabu shabu here before, but it wasn't something that I'll be eating again anytime soon.  The broth seemed quite plain and didn't seem to do much more than boil my veggies and meat.  The sukiyaki however, has won me over.  I love the sweet/soy sauce flavor of the broth itself, as well as the fact that the veggies and meat do take on the flavor of the sauce.  Bonus Tip: Checkout the front table by the entrance that has business cards and newspapers.  One of the newspapers is a Korean newspaper, and on the cover there is a coupon for Swish that gets you 10% off your meal! ;)
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,8/6/2010,14,250,3,4,3>I love this place for a burger, which is saying something with an In 'n' Out a block away!  Their staff is very helpful if you want tips on designing one of their special order burgers, or for recommendations on which prebuilt combination is best.   The atmosphere is very comfortable and they have a nice HDTV to watch some Impressionist paintings sort of Ken Burns-effect at you while you munch.  Sweet potato fries have been mentioned and for good reason!   Their dessert combos are also really good, but if you order a burger you'll probably be too full to have some ice cream! Watch out for the atomic mayo-laden jalapeno burger, it'll nuke your mouth.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,8/4/2010,821,451,2,6,6>Since discovering HK Star for dinner awhile back with my housemate I have made regular stops to sample their large selections of quality lunch specials at very competitive prices.  The prices range from $4.95 to $6.95.Your typical $4.95 lunch specials are your HK Style dishes like beef, chicken or pork fried rice, chow fun/mein and other simple meat and vegetable rice plates.  Portions are generous, so a typical person will have enough leftovers to have at least a snack.  My personal favorite from this section is the Beef Chow Fun w/ Vegetables & Gravy.For $5.95, you get non-seafood entrees with side of rice, such as Pork Chop w/ Salt & Pepper (which is highly recommended).At $6.95, you can order from various clay pots and seafood entrees, which are a great deal considering the quality and deliciousness of the food. The best deals in this price group is the selections of Rock Cod Filet dishes.  I have many favorites in this section: Rock Cod Filet w/ Salt & Pepper, East River Tofu in Clay Pot, Shrimp w/ Chef's Special Sauce and Shrimp & Egg w/ Gravy on Rice (this one is a comfort food for me, and at other restaurants is typically made with beef).This restaurant is highly recommended for locals living or working on the SW part of town, or when you visit Chinatown (Spring Mountain area to go grocery shopping).  Out of town visitors with their own transportation should definitely considering checking this place out, if you are looking for non-tourist trap off-strip Chinese foods.A solid 5-stars review for the restaurant's lunch specials.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2010,8/3/2010,59,66,2,7,4>I don't know Rob M, but Michael P is a good guy. That being said, I think they're nuts to say "great prices." Maybe there's a Good Guy hook-up price, but from my couple of visits, pricing is actually my number one (and possibly only) complaint. The fellas who have helped me when I've shopped there have been nothing but nice, and they definitely have a large, comfortable, and from the looks of it, versatile lounge area. They have a decent location, and a pretty good selection in the humidor. Not a ton of accessories for sale - it seems like they have the really important stuff and just none of the fluff that's nice to browse. So it just comes back to the money thing. If stick prices were a little better, or if they had a wider selection (so that I could find a cigar I like more so that the extra money isn't as regrettable) I wouldn't hesitate to award 4 stars. When it comes to cigar shops, I'm a bit of a stickler, and I hate to let 'em off the hook. I'm sure I'll be back in the future, and if my thoughts change on the prices, I'll report back. In the meantime, it's a nice place to hang out and have a smoke, but be prepared to drop a few extra bucks to do it.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,8/2/2010,11,31,8,35,14>THE BEST INDIAN FOOD IN VEGAS!My girlfriend and I were accidentally one of the first people to eat at Namaste. We were in the area and are very familiar with the great places in the tucked-away Commercial Center. As I recall we were considering going to Komol, one of our favorite Thai food restaurants and hangouts, when we saw that Namaste was finally open. We both love Indian food as she primarily eats vegetarian and Indian restaurants are easy targets for us.THE LUNCH BUFFET FOR $9 IS NOT TO BE MISSED! Indian buffets are hit-or-miss. Some will put out the standard dishes and only have one or two really yummy entrees set out. Not Namaste! They pull out all the stops and have many favorite dishes out at the same time. Mind you, the place is new, and many new places will start out this way and then go downhill, but I don't think this will be the case with Namaste. Chef and owner, Om Singh, has a reputation that precedes him in the culinary world and I suspect that the quality at Namaste will endure.We have eaten here many times since it has opened up and every meal has been outstanding. Most notably, the VEGETARIAN DINNER FOR TWO ($40) is perfect. From the first course to the last it is exceptionally yummy. The main courses are all super good and it was so plentiful we had a lot of left-overs for lunch the next day. And the dessert, especially the carrot one, is REALLY GOOD.The wait staff is very friendly and are constantly circling the floor. The atmosphere is decent and comfortable. I attend a discussion group every Sunday afternoon and we usually go out to dinner afterward. Komol is one of our regular haunts, but now it seems that Namaste will be our new default location.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,8/1/2010,56,51,6,6,6>Definitely a locals find.. Thanks to yelp.  The same great, fun open atmosphere I usually expect from a good Japanese restaurant.  Memorable dish was the Ahi Tuna Salad and....So what is all this talk about the Honey Toast?  I was quite hesitant because how can toast +honey+butter+a scoop of ice cream get that many citings on yelp reviews...and it's like $10. So because of yelpers, I had to try it...and I must say THANK YOU. It was the most scrumptiously delicious dessert I've eaten in a long time.  It had a great natural honey sweetness, a creamy vanilla ice to balance  and all on top of this huge piece of buttered crispy toast that gave it awesome texture.   So why not a 5 star? Because my group had at least 10 different items, and I could only remember 2 things that really stood out.  Hmm, 2 out of 10 isn't that great of a ratio. But at least I don't remember anything bad, right?
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,7/31/2010,303,269,5,8,5>We try to keep the review short today!  This place is "Brok' da mout!"  Forget L&L or Ohana Hawaiian BBQ...you want the closest to genuine Hawaiian food?  You gotta come to Island Flavor!  Even the owners from Hawaii!  Big Island to be exact.This place is phenomenal for local island food, the portions are local too...HUGE!  We had enough leftovers for another meal that's how much food you get.  Island Flavor is actually only 4-5 miles away from my house but we never came around to eating there.  Finally tried it because of my coupon from Restaurant.com.  Be sure if you go you are hungry cause these folks don't skimp!  You walk out hungry, you definitely went to the wrong place.  Four of us went, and four of us walked out stuffed with a doggie bag in tow.  If you don't like white rice (what kine' Hawaii local are you?) then don't come here you crazy carb-conscious workoutaholics!Hawaiian food is usually a mix of cultures, Hawaiian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Filipino all combined.  Island Flavor's food made me fond of days spent home on Maui.  I had the Mixed Plate ($9.75) of  Teriyaki Steak and Teriyaki Chicken.  Their homemade teriyaki sauce was just right, not too sweet and not too runny.  Perfect for mixing with your rice and macaroni salad.  Macaroni salad with pepper and tabasco...yum!  The steak was tender even though it wasn't a very expensive cut (sirloin) and cooked great with a lil' pink inside.  Chicken thighs were big and moist.  The gf had the Mixed Plate ($9.75) of Chicken Katsu and Hawaiian Style Roast Pork.  There must have been 3 large rows of katsu, enough to share!  They were fried just right too, not heavy or soggy at all.  The roast pork was juicy and the brown gravy wasn't from a box, very succulent.  The kids shared a Mixed Plate ($9.75) of Korean Chicken and Kalbi Ribs, and Chicken Katsu Loco Moco ($8.75).  The Korean Chicken is so ONO!  Those golden fried wings with their special Korean sauce was addictive!  Very good!  The Kalbi was great as well, their marinade pretty close to what I remember as a kid, lots of sweet from the sugar and soy sauce and grilled on an open flame.  The Chicken Katsu Loco Moco was a big gut-buster.  A massive portion of rice (like 4 scoops) topped with chicken katsu, two eggs (sunny side up in this case...alright!) and their homemade brown gravy.  It's like heaven and hell on a plate at the same time!  Definitely not a calorie or cholesterol counter.  But oh so yummy!  They serve lots of other things local Hawaii people love, Kalua Pig & Cabbage, Poke, Spam Musubi, and Pork Won Tons.  They also have oxtail soup, saimin, and burgers.Needless to say, we did not finish all of our food and ended up taking half of each of our dishes home.  The leftovers were good reheated too the next day.  Just don't heat up your macaroni salad!  No good on that one.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,7/30/2010,295,89,20,15,16>It is rare that a man like Rex Marvin pays homage to anything...just the usual suspects...all nude circuses, bars with live sharks, and bring your own shotgun petting zoo's/butcher shops...you know...the true classics that deserve respect. I am not an animal, I know what really matters in this life.Living in many facilities across the southwest I have learned the difference...the desire...the NEED for great Mexican food in any happy persons life.  Some poor souls go through their pathetic existence never realizing this need. Occasionally, these poor dumb bastards get a sudden sense something is wrong...something horribly terrible is wrong...that sudden cascade of fear...the wave of distress...they look for their keys, they call their love ones...everything seems fine...but it isn't...they have never had real authentic Mexican food!I have spent many a night in Las Vegas...hung my head there many times. Always with a ton of money or no money. Always alone or with a woman who I pay by the hour. Regardless of my luck, regardless of my company...I always fill my aching head at Lindo Michoacan.  The carnitas are something that should be classified as a national treasure. The carne asada is rich, flavorful and exceedingly special. The Pollo Amador is ridiculously amazing. The Steak Ranchero is tender and well seasoned.  The Guacamole is...well...it is out of this world. It is one of the few guacamoles i would actually pay for. I always think you should make it at home, but this is the one exception to the rule. There is one last thing I need to say.  The meals are great, the fried rice and refried beans are amazing...but the burritos are not great. They are very good, they are worth trying once...but they are not the best in town. I would stick to the meals.Eat the food. Enjoy the hospitality. Always wear a hat at an all nude circus.  Thank Rex Marvin. You love him.  He would love you, but he can't love anyone.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,7/29/2010,258,295,6,9,7>I had to try this place after hearing so many good things about it and it certainly did not disappoint! I'm not really an Indian foodie but here goes:The Chicken Korma with rice was absolutely amazing. The creaminess of the coconut milk and spiciness of the sauce made for a perfect combination of flavors! The garlic naan was light, fresh and equally flavorful. Warning: If you get this takeout, your car will smell like garlic for days! The curry chicken bowl lunch special (extra spicy) was tasty and full of spices. It was the perfect portion for lunch! I have only ordered take out on the 2 visits I have made. The place seems to be really slow, so I hope it picks up soon! I know I will be going back soon! I've heard that the samosas are the best!
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,7/28/2010,157,342,4,6,6>Review update for Linh's Alterations being my new iPhone discovery.  Linh's husband Danny is the iPhone tech.  He has actually setup his own office inside the alteration shop to handle all your iPhone needs.Now, I'm fairly well-rounded when it comes to my iPhone knowledge.  I can diagnose and treat almost any software issue known, however, hardware issues I'm lost.  This is where my buddy Danny comes into play.... He replaced my screen on my old iPhone and got her working in tip top shape.  His pricing is excellent (I searched) and his turnaround time is only about a day! This to complement Linh's excellent tailoring skills make them a winner in my book!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,7/27/2010,887,1183,3,6,6>We usually go to Krazy Buffet, but I got a coupon for Pacific so I thought I'd give it a go.  $9.99 for dinner less the $1.50 coupon is a pretty good value.  They had more of a selection than Krazy.  The sushi was better and had a bigger variety.  They had a Mongolian grill station (I didn't try it). The shrimp cocktail were much better than the ones they pass off at Krazy.  They had a variety of ice creams for dessert.  Overall pretty impressed for the price, and not sure how they're making money.  Customer service left something to be desired, though, but that's OK.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,7/26/2010,76,104,3,6,6>You've come to Las Vegas. You played some craps and spent $300 in about  minutes. Then you tried blackjack with similar results. At this point, you just want to stretch out your entertainment dollar. Welcome to the Pinball Hall of Fame.How much would you pay to be a kid again? At the Pinball Hall of Fame, they only charge $0.25 - $1 for the honor. It's like walking into a XBOX.Grab a cab and a twenty dollar bill and head on down to the Pinball Hall of Fame for an afternoon of childlike value and cold Coca-Cola.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,7/25/2010,222,164,5,7,7>With all these glowing reviews, we finally hauled our bootays over to the other side of town to try it.  Boy, were we satisfied!-Apple Lychee Soda - way too sweet for my taste.  however, for those sweet drink lovers, this had plenty of lychee flavor.-Truffle Parmesan Fries - Didn't care much for the sundried tomato aioli on the side, but these truffle fries are the best I've had outside of a gourmet restaurant.  They stayed crispy and salty with just enough of the truffle parm aroma and taste.-Garlic Salt & Pepper French Fries - I didn't enjoy this as much.  I've had really bomb diggity salt & pepper flavor at other Asian restaurants on various other accompaniments.  So in comparison,it could have used more flavor blast.-Kalbi Burger - This was great!  The flavors of a kalbi short rib in a burger patty made it super flavorful and the patty was juicy.  The kimchi inside gave it that extra tangy and spicy kick.  The pickled cucumber panchan on the side was good.-The Crusty Crab -  I enjoyed the crab cake inside, but I did not enjoy the mango chutney paired with it.  That's probably me just being biased because I generally don't like salty + super sweet together.-The Lonely Bird - This was actually really enjoyable also.  Chicken and Turkey usually scream "i'm-too-healthy-don't-eat-me," but the Herb Pesto sauce made it moist and flavorful.-BBQ Bachi Burger 5 oz American Wagyu - This was just a regular burger combination, but what made it stand out was the wonderful bbq flavor char and juicy burger patty.  Bravo, Bachi burger.  Bravo.Vietnamese Coffee - I quote my friend, "nasty," and she's the queen of drinking Vietnamese coffeeConclusion:  Fun, flavorful and juicy burgers with above average fries.  Tip:  If you can help it, go before lunch time rush because I can see how it can get to be a little touch and go with the service.  We came right before the lunch time rush, so service was decent right up until the lunch time rush started and we were waiting forever for one Vietnamese coffee.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,7/24/2010,44,38,5,8,8>I went here on Saturday as this was the first stop on our bar hop adventure on Fremont, and I was not disappointed. My experiences with Fremont street thus far had been The Beauty Bar and The Griffin. To say that I wasn't a fan of Fremont Street was an understatement. The Griffin is basically the Blue Martini of hipsters, and Beauty Bar charges a cover to hang out with underage kiddies with fake ID's in a hole in the wall with music so loud that you can't think. Don't Tell Mama is the antithesis of that, it's filled with creative interesting people that are a tad eccentric. We walk in and are surprised to see a piano and a girl belting Take Me or Leave Me from Rent at the front of their mini stage. We both think, okay this is our kinda bar! I ordered a flavored vodka and sprite and Matt had a vodka cranberry, which came out to $13. So definitely not overpriced, you're crazy Matt. I think one of my favorite things about Don't Tell Mama was the fact that the bartenders are the singers. Yes, I got served my Stoli Blackberry and Sprite straight in the middle of  the bartender belting out a song on a wireless mic, AMAZ-ING. Sexual orientation shouldn't matter in a bar, but I will comment that it does have a heavily female vibe. If that bothers you, this probably isn't your place. The music of the night included a couple tunes from Cher, Elton John, Billy Joel, Rush, Rent, and TLC. There was even a patron who belted out some Georgia on my Mind by Ray Charles.Yes they are heavily karaoke, but trust me on this, it's done phenomenally well. Truth be told, no matter how much I like this place I question it's ability to have longevity. It caters to a completely different crowd, it's small, known as a lesbian bar, and is on Fremont Street. Only time will tell, but the plain skill of the people that work there is spectacular. I will definitely be back and hopefully the word gets out about this small, yet amazing piano bar.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,7/23/2010,18,77,3,5,5>This place is great, it is a counter service little cafe place but they cook up fresh good quality food.  They have wraps, sandwiches, pastas, salads, smoothies, and breakfast.  My favorite thing there is the 440 sandwich which is chicken, roasted tomatoes and bells, goat cheese, avocado, on ciabatta.  Nothing is greasy and everything tastes fresh.  They also have a nice little patio out front to dine al fresco if it's nice outside.  It is kind of a scene being the type of place it is and being in the middle of summerlin but no big deal, there are usually a bunch of hot summerlin mom's to check out while you wait for your food.Thew only down side is this place is a tad on the expensive side, everything from 9 - 11 bucks I think, if it was a deal I would give it a 5 possibly, there food does come with fries, salad, or rings so it is't too bad.Overall a great place, the kind of place vegas needs more of.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,7/22/2010,126,151,2,8,5>Wow! It's been a while since southern food has blown me away! I'm excited I can add m&m to my repetoire of guaranteed good eats for this reason: $6.99 for two pieces of dark fried chicken and two sides! That's a REAL special. The fried chicken is very good, nice and crispy, with an excellent crunchy fried taste and juicy chicken underneath. I do wish there was a little more flavor to the actual chicken itself, maybe some spices?But what do I know about fried chicken I'm just some half European/Californian broad!As my sides I ordered the fried okra which was the best fried okra I've ever had, and the mac and cheese. Mac was good, a typical southern style mac with soft noodles and creamy cheese sauce. Service is good, the food does take some time to come out, but it's cooked with love so it's ok to wait!Most people spend around 7 bucks to eat junk food for lunch-pretty awesome to find a place that gives you soul food for the same price!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,7/21/2010,1407,1189,2,7,5>VPN-Vero Pizza Napoletana,,,,,Thats what sets Settebello apart from all the other pizzerias in town. It is the stamp of approval given by the pizza making authority in Italy, and only a handful of establishments in the U.S. have been given this distinction, so if you come across any of these establishments sporting the VPN signage on their front door, you know its the real deal like you would find in Naples, All you pizza snobs stop comparing it to NY or Chicago style, because it doesn't even compare! They're trying to keep tradition and integrity by following the traditional pizza making ways as they do IN NAPLES! If you want Pepperoni or Pineapple, CALL DOMINOS!!!Okay, done with my rant...on to my review. Been going to Settebellos ever since they were first located on Valle Verde and Horizon Ridge. It was hidden away and not too many people knew about this place until they made the move to The District. The ingredients are top-notch, and ALL their pizzas are the BOMB! I've tried everything- Margherita, Carbonara, Ripieno, etc. and my favorite, The Settebello. The ONLY way to devour all this goodness is the minute it is placed in front of you and there's no better way to finish with an Affogatto,Double espresso with a scoop of gelato. Looking forward to return again soon,,,ALOHA!!!
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,7/20/2010,765,431,3,8,2>I promised I would come back and give it another shot. A friend was in town and wanted to go somewhere chill, lowkey and "local". I thought this would be a great opportunity to come back to the Mac Shack. Food was solid. Service was perfect. Everything I would expect from a Mac Shack. Portions were generous.My friend and I each ordered the kids version of Mac N Cheese and it was PLENTY for each. Also, we split the spinach salad, which was pretty good too. The best part? Since we each ordered the kids version, we got fruit roll-ups. Holler.This kid smiled. If you come here, you will too!
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,7/19/2010,519,1603,6,12,13>A new concept for a restaurant?  No, it's a hiking route in Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area.  It's July 5th, and many places are closed, including my gym.  Off to Red Rock this morning hiking.  I parked in the lot where the horse trailers park at the exit from the Scenic Drive.  The hike starts from just inside the exit gate by the parking lot.The trail was made by horse riders.  It heads toward the Potato Knoll, also known as Wilson's Pimple, the high mound at the base of Mount Wilson.  The trail goes across two dry creek beds, past some petrified wood, and around the back of the Knoll.  When you get to the back of the Knoll, you can take a side trail to the top of the Knoll and get a great view.Follow the trail around the base of the Knoll and you can't get lost.  It's always good to have a GPS unit with you, and always bring plenty of water when you hike.  It's a desert out there, you know!An alternative way of doing this hike would be to park at the Oak Creek parking area along SR 159 and hike back to the Knoll along the Oak Creek trail.  Circle the base of the Knoll and then head back.  The hike is about 5 miles and it took me 2 hours.  There is an elevation gain of only about 150 feet.  It's very gentle.The photos I have posted are the ones I took today.  If you have any questions about the hike, send me a message.Happy trails!
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,7/18/2010,168,368,21,25,24>A friend of mine is a regular at the Pretty Kitty in San Diego and referred me over to the one in Las Vegas. I went today and I LOVED my experience there! Trish is a sweetheart and she made me feel comfortable, educated me about the whole process and is as quick as can be! Being a fast waxer is a PLUS for me because I'd like to be in pain in as less time as possible and she provided me with that! Her prices are reasonable, not like these other places in Vegas that charge $80-$100 a brazilian?! WTH? No, you will NOT get that with Pretty Kitty, brazilians are regularly $50 but I believe, through Jan. 31, 2010 there is a coupon for new customers in the Weekly for $10 off and that makes your grand total of $40! I've researched Vegas salons and I have NOT found anywhere else that offers a brazilian at that price.I am definitely going back there and will absolutely refer my friends and family to go there!
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,7/17/2010,191,302,6,7,5>The Skinny: unique farm-fresh produce that you can't find anywhere in Vegas albeit the market is small (5), service - great, with lots of tastings of farm-fresh produce (4), value - Hit or miss. But, I got a black truffle the size of an apricot for $25. 'Nuff said. (5)Finally, got to get to see this market today and boy! was I ever happy I heard about it. It was totally amazing - both in quality and variety. I've never seen some of the produce they have on sale. (and I hang out at Asian markets too... so I see a lot of weird stuff).Okay, it was pretty small. But I think the produce quality is better than your local Vegas Whole Paycheck (Foods... hee hee hee). Pricing really varies depending on the stall. I found that the largest stall, while having the largest variety, was the most expensive stall compared to the smaller stalls(ie, got summer squash for $2/lb vs. $4/lb in the larger stall).The highlight of the trip was the stall that sold mushrooms - great, rare varieties for $6 per 1/4 lb. I got some great morels and was really salivating over the chantrelles. Also bought a whole black truffle, the size of an apricot, for $25 (works out to be 0.45/gm) !!!! I swear, I almost had a foodie orgasm right then and there. What a deal!I swear this is the best find in Vegas so far... bar none.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,7/16/2010,265,96,5,6,4>My friend and I went out for lunch again today. I swear, the whole diet idea is out the freakin door because once again,  We ate a whole lot again. It is two hours lata from our outing and I am still hella full. I was soooooo excited because they had one of my favorites... BULGOGI.... bulgogi and steamed rice... YUP YUP YUP. We also had shrimp, sushi, and lots more. As I was eating, I was looking around and noticed the sign (but forgot to take the pic of it) ----- ALCOHOL and MEAT (A GOOD COMBINATION)....The best part was that we picked what we wanted and got to cook it ourselves... DEFINITELY A YES... we plan on going back again. We went during lunch time...$12.99. Not bad, not bad!!! This was my first time there!!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2010,7/15/2010,142,120,4,9,7>This is one of those dining experiences that makes you completely rethink what you put in your body on a daily basis and how the most simple menus and ingredients in the right combination can make all the difference in the world. This was, by far, the best dining experience I have ever had in my entire life - so much so that I feel like I should downgrade every other review I have ever made on Yelp by a star or two because this restaurant has blown them all out of the water.My friend and I walked in about 10 minutes before our reservation, and the hostess told us it would be about 5 minutes to get a table, so we cozied up to the bar. The bartender showed us the specialty drinks and I ordered a raspberry lemon drop which was the perfect blend of sour-sweet. Right after I ordered the hostess came up to us and told us our table was ready. Grabbed our drinks and added them to our table tab. Sat down and was greeted by our waiter who told us the house specials. When I asked him if a certain soup was vegetarian he said no, but told me he would ask the chef if he would make a special vegetarian dish for me for my entree. We also came specifically for the edamame that was posted on the site but was not on the menu, but our waiter left us for a moment and came back letting us know that both of those items would be up for ordering - actually, he told us he asked Todd if those items were available. Spectacular. Todd's has a small menu but they have a small menu for a reason: these items are made to perfection. When you specialize in something, you try to make them right and not go overboard which a lot of restaurants have forgotten to do. Appetizers:Edamame with truffle oil: TO DIE FOR. So good, so tantalizing, just made so well. Definitely a tie for best edamame I've ever had with Kabuki's garlic edamame. Delicious.Cream cheese wontons: AHHHHH. SO GOOD. They are set on top of some red and white sauce that is just too yummy. Crunchy with a creamy center, an absolute delicacy. At this point I also ordered a glass of Merlot which was nice and robust and went well with my vegetables.Caesar salad: I have eaten probably a thousand Caesar salads in my lifetime and this one is top three for sure. A large piece of thin, crunchy Parmesan tops this light-tasting Caesar salad with a perfect blend of spices with fresh ground pepper. Ahhhhmazing. Main course: vegetarian entree with mashed potatoes, asparagus, tomato halves topped with herb breadcrumbs (I exclaimed throughout the meal, "These are NOT tomatoes! They are goddess fruit!") carrots, snap peas, and cabbage with coriander and cumin. The only thing I did not care for was the cabbage but that's because I'm not a cabbage fan. But everything else - heaven. Before tonight I have actually never had asparagus but it was so good!My friend ordered the veal (of course he had to order the most politically incorrect thing on the menu in order to counteract my vegetarianism :P) but it came with a pasta dish that was out of this world. Cooked perfectly with the right spices and flavors to make it just right. He didn't finish that part, but I did! :DAlthough I was ridiculously full at this point as was my friend, we still ordered dessert, and we both had a creme brulee with fresh fruit - a strawberry, blueberries, a raspberry, and a slice of kiwi. Crunchy top, fresh fruit, and creamy goodness underneath. A perfect end to the meal.I don't know what the bill came out to be but even if I was the one paying, it would have been totally worth it. The presentation of the food was beautiful, the service was top-notch (any questions we had for our waiter were answered, he was very knowledgeable about the food, and he was a freakin' ninja with refilling our water - my friend and I didn't even realize he had reached across the table to refill them), and the food was phenomenal. Simple yet succulent ingredients and very fresh produce made it all an unforgettable experience. Every thing I put in my mouth was a surprise - it looked like the food I have come to know and love, but tasted better than I could have imagined. The last time I truly ate this well was when I had a personal chef cater to my gastronomical needs. This place is pricey, but worth every penny. If I love anything, it is to eat, and when I eat I want it to be good, and this meal was terrific beyond my wildest dreams. The drinks, the food, the service, the atmosphere - everything was top notch and I cannot wait to come back here again. All my friend and I could talk about after dinner was dinner, and we could only speak in hand movements and yummy sounds ;) In one word: perfection. Compliments to the chef!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,7/13/2010,1067,193,3,4,4>Capriotti's Who?  This place is friggin' legit.  This wasn't close to where I work either.  But for I just had a hunch, that I was in for a treat.  If your an East Coast transplant wondering where can I get an Italian Combo and is totally against putting mustard or mayo on there hoagie or sub (depending on where your from)....well Hougan's is the spot! They even put hot capicola on their combo!  Now that's legit!  Can't wait to try the cheesesteak next time.  One of the ladies who worked there was munching on one and she said "Yup eat these for breakfast too" Now that's legit!
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2010,7/12/2010,664,612,4,6,3>This used to be Cafe Mitz, a crappy looking yucky bento joint.  This place has been open about a month and is a total transformation - better paint job, nice hanging lamps, fancy tables, and looks just brilliantly clean.  The staff was so sweet to me.I ordered something I have been trying to find forever - dolsot bimibap!  It had beef and kimchi....the fried egg, the crispy rice, the seaweed....and the hot sauce!  Came with tofu-green onion miso.  I was offered a second bowl.  The dolsot pot was hot and sizzling - the yolk of the egg broke when I mixed it all together and it was tasty.  I really enjoyed this and the sauce, and was able to put plenty in a to go box for tomorrow's lunch.It cost $8 with tax and was very tasty.  There are various bentos, teriyaki dishes, and korean dishes on the menu to try.  I would go back for sure.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,7/11/2010,464,819,1,7,5>The "Off the Strip" location in Southern Highlands has gotten some great reviews not just from Yelp but from almost every other review site out there. So, when I found out that they have a new location close to my house I decided to finally check them out. It's located on Tropicana a few blocks west of Fort Apache in a small strip mall. When you first walk in, the bar will be straight ahead, the dining area to the right, and a lounge area with pool tables and dart boards to the left. This is a gaming establishment so they've got all the usual bar-side games as well. I'm not sure how much redecorating they've done since they took over this space from the previous gaming tavern because there are some design elements that don't exactly fit the Italian/New American cuisine they serve. The bar is covered with a tin roof and there's a lot of fake wood lining the top sections of the walls (a la crown molding).The customer service was fabulous. The second we walked in the bartender and manager (I think ?) welcomed us and acted like we were regulars there. We were seated in the dining area, where there was only one other party. Throughout our dinner we were served by the manager and a waiter. Drinks were brought out quickly, orders taken soon after, water was refilled often, and we didn't have to wait long for the food to arrive. The manager stopped by a few times to check if we liked the food and chatted a bit. He talked about everything from  the fresh ingredients they use to wine in Germany compared to wine from California to being retired from the military and taking this job to help out his friends. Our 2-year old son was with us and a few seconds after we sat down the waiter brought over a couple coloring books and crayons for him to play with. Very nice touch. They don't have a kids menu but the manager offered to make him some boneless wings and fries after asking us what he likes/doesn't like. Their menu isn't very large and they said they don't have everything that the Southern Highlands location offers. But, based on the items we tried the quality and execution of the dishes are excellent.We started off with the NY Asparagus ($12.00) -- thin slices of NY strip wrapped around asparagus and grilled. There are two per order and they come out in a mushroom sauce that is delicious. What a great concept -- wrapping asparagus in meat. That's a sure way to get me to eat vegetables. For entrees, we ordered the Rigatoni alla Vodka ($17.00) and the Lobster Ravioli ($22.00). The sauces for both looked and tasted the same which, according to their menu, consists of a vodka cream sauce with tomatoes, mushrooms, asparagus, and shallots. Both dishes were very good, although I thought the lobster dish was too heavily sauced and took away from the flavor of the lobster and ricotta filling of the ravioli. The chunks of lobster could have been larger in my opinion, as well.The entrees came with a side salad (choice of house or caesar). We tried both and enjoyed them. It was nice to see the salad served as small portions, like they should be, and NOT ridiculously huge Cheesecake Factory-sized portions. The entrees, however, were big. But, I'm not complaining because now we have dinner for the next night since we each only had half of our entree.Even though we were stuffed, they brought out a complimentary slice of cheesecake. It was rich, creamy and smooth New York Style cheesecake with a few strawberries and a little whipped cream on the side. Between the three of us it didn't last long.I don't think the food was perfect and the dishes we had probably rate closer to 4-star quality. But the service was so friendly, so excellent that I have to round up and give them 5-stars. It's a great neighborhood hangout and a cheaper alternative to other Italian/American places on the strip.They have $2 domestic drafts for happy hour and, from what we were told, on Mondays and Tuesdays the food is 25% off.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,7/9/2010,166,232,4,6,5>Ok, so after much anticipation after recently finding out about the new Firefly thanks to my good friend Blanche, we made the trip downtown last night to give it a shot. This locations opened up this past Friday so we went on the 5th night of business for them. My experience went as follows:1. Had to park in self-parking at the plaza ($5) because I pulled up to the "Firefly" valet sign and sat there for a few minutes before giving up on anybody coming to get my car. The Plaza self-parking is scary and leaves the entranceway to the casino on the third floor leaves you in a deserted area that eerily quiet.2. Upon arrival at Firefly I was impressed by the overall layout and atmosphere of the space.  Took some of the ambiance from the original Firefly on Paradise and added its own touch as well.3. The staff was very friendly from the start!4. Sat down in the "dome" area overlooking Freemont Street (very cool view). Not many people there.... maybe 2 or 3 other tables in the whole place were occupied.5. Faryn was our server and she was awesome (and cute).6. Blanche ordered the usual pitcher of red sangria while I ordered a Washington Apple (drink not shot) and we ordered some Firefly Fries to start us off. My drink came and was green (Washington Apple is usually a dark red) Faryns only mistake of the night was putting in an order for an Apple Martini instead of Washington Apple. She apologized but the drink tasted good so I kept it.7. While waiting for Fries and looking at Menu we decided to order the Empanadas (Pork) and the Roasted eggplant cannelloni.8. Fries took longer than they do at the original Firefly and seemed to be a smaller portion and not very hot. Somewhat disappointing.9. The other dishes came out and were very good! Lots of flavor and nice presentation.10. We then ordered the Firefly fish sticks and the Fried Shrimp. They didn't quite make the same impression. The fish sticks were a bit smaller than I remember and the shrimp left much to be desired for the price. Only 4 shrimp and some greens for $8.11. We finished up there and settled our check. Faryn came over and talked to us for a bit. She was very friendly throughout the evening and made many suggestions on things to try on the menu.12. We took off and made our way back through the eery hallways... where someone was sleeping on a chair... funny but creepyOverall I gave it 4 stars. My reasoning is it was not bad enough to give 3 stars to but not good enough for 5. And unfortunately there are no half stars otherwise probably would have done 3 and a half. There is much room for improvement here and I will be going back in a month or so to see if they improve. It has only been open a few days so they have to work the kinks out. They received the nod up to four stars because of the overall experience and the friendliness of the staff as well as the fact that the original Firefly is one of my favorites and I strongly believe this one will get on the right track.Oh and I will post pictures soon!
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2010,7/8/2010,208,343,6,13,12>There's an authentic ramen place in Las Vegas! I was really impressed with Monta Noodle House. Their menu is very simple and short. I tried the Tonkotsu Ramen and it was delicious! All this pork fatty goodness in the broth and the noodles were perfectly cooked not too soggy not too hard. You can add an egg, pork, corn, more noodles or green onions for a couple more bucks. It's a small place which only fits about 26 people max, but it definitely is the best place for ramen. The broth is not from a package and I think this is what makes it oh so delicious. We added eggs to ours, but I wasn't that huge of a fan. The egg was too "raw" for me, but the bf loved it.  The bf also ordered the mini mentaiko bowl, which is rice with cod roe. I didn't try it, but he liked it and the eggs are a lil more fishy than masago. Definitely coming back for more and be prepared to be a lil sweaty when you eat!
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,7/5/2010,358,399,5,9,5>A first for me - a restaurant that specializes in Grilled Cheese sammies - in Vegas - RIGHT ON !!  I've seen a show about a  peanut butter sammie shop ( another great idea - maybe they put one next to this place )  but grilled cheese ? so they got the specialty menu - about 13 different cheese creations with cheese ranging from good 'ol american to Emmentaier / Gruyere ( damn if i know if  i spelled those right ! ) they also have various meats and veggies  - all UNDER $5 !!!  Grilled cheese brings back memories - fond memories of childhood - one of the premier comfort foods.  So i remember when i had a choice of how to make my grilled cheese - it was american cheese, crushed chips on rye bread - so that's what i ordered from the "construction worker " menu - 9 different cheeses you can try,  6 different breads and 17 different toppings,the result - FRICKIN' AWESOME  !  I actually had  a slight tear in my eye - made me think of momma !  All from a simple  grilled cheese sammie - the simple things in life .  I'm adding this to my monthly rotatation .poor pic added
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,7/3/2010,43,87,30,16,8>Perhaps I should be embarrassed to write this review, but I've reached the age where I dont care...much like the point where your dad is ok going out in sweat pants for dinner.  These things just happen.  That being said, I had a fabulous treatment at A Touch of Vegas Day Spa the other day.  Truly a 5 Star experience.  A massage you ask?  Not Quite.  A Facial?  Maybe next time.  So what did I have done?  Well a chest and back wax...some of us arent hairless Adonises!  Before you think Im some out of control swarthy disco owner, Ill let the record show its not that much but enough where i felt it might be a good idea to get rid of for the summer and hanging out at pools.  Im of Yugoslavian heritage...hair is as natural to us as stuffed cabbages!Now that we've cleared the air and can focus on the specifics, I found this spa to amazing for a little local place.  Booking was a cinch by phone and the check in process was easy.  Their relaxation room is minimal but its a small place so it fits with their concept.  The place is decorated very quaint and homely with homage paid to 1950's Americana.  My esthetician made me feel completely relaxed for my treatment (as much as you can when it feels like your heart is being ripped out) and in reality, it was over before I knew it.  Not only that, she continually checked with my comfort level and was thorough in her execution.  At the end, she spent about 5 or 10 minutes explaining what to do and not do for the next 48 hours and I never felt rushed.  If I enjoyed pain this much there, I can only imagine how great relaxation is at A Touch of of Las Vegas!  That's why I'm already planning to come back for a massage down the road.  Now to enjoy my 6 weeks of swimming speed and efficiency before my return to Robin Williams territory.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,7/2/2010,136,413,3,11,7>I love butchers.  I especially love a butcher shop run by a family who knows their meats, and John Mull's is it.  I've been to a few others around town, but this place is spotless, the entire building is like a walk in freezer (meaning fresh meat out of the back and stays fresh while cutting and bagging) and it's a simple set up.  You have the cash counter up front where you grab a paper that has this 2 page list of all the cuts you can get, and then the old man behind the counter -- who is totally awesome and very sweet -- helps you with thickness and cooking tips.I cannot believe how many varieties of meats they have available, and what made me even more intrigued was their smoked bacon slabs, done right in the smoke house on site.  Oh yeah, baby.  Sweet lovin' bacon slabs, cut to order.  I grabbed 1.5 lbs of their smoked bacon (without rind cause they suggested it that way), two 1" ribeye steaks cut FRESH from the slab, and 4 pork chops cut thick enough for pan frying cut fresh off the slab.  It was fun to watch, fun to order, and a shocker at the register.All that meat, ALL that meat was 25 bucks.  WOW.  I freaked out.  I know that the pork was at least 6 pounds and the ribeyes were 18oz each, and then the bacon...all for 25 bucks?  I was happy as can be walking out of there.Screw the supermarkets.  I'm buying my meats from John Mull's from now on.  They have all I need when I need it.  If you're looking for a butcher up in the northwest area, head to this place.  It's worth the drive, and was a well kept secret of the neighborhood until now.  PS: They cater, so if you want great bbq just ask when you get there.  You can also call and order things in advance.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2010,7/1/2010,135,365,2,4,4>Yah!  My fellow yelpers come through again!  Decided to take my friends here for breakfast based on the reviews.  The place was already packed at 9 am, luckily we only had to wait for about 10 minutes.  The servers were nice enough to bring my friends a cup of coffee while we were waiting.  The menu has all the standard breakfast items: omelets, skillets, pancakes, waffles, french toast, etc.  Then there are also sandwiches, salads, crepes, and even a special "Cincinnati Chili".  The portions are hefty and the quality is excellent.  The breakfast potatoes, for example, are crispy outside, soft and moist inside.  They are not soggy with shortening.  Needless to say, everyone left with a full stomach and in a good mood.  If I am ever coming home from an all night bender and in the mood for a western style breakfast, EggWorks is tops on the list!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,6/28/2010,363,113,4,3,4>I have eaten here 3 times and I cannot believe I haven't written anything about this up and coming celebrity chef  Rick Moonen and his restaurant!  Met the chef he's a cool crazy guy.I might be bias considering I know the workers one in particular.The staff are very polite, pleasant, and helpful.  The hostess were "okay".  We usually sit in the back at the sushi bar.  They usually tell us there's a 10 minute wait, but all the times I've been there there's no one? hmmmm?  I don't know. You tell me? LOL.  I did wait in the restaurant for my friend to get his paycheck and I've been ask many times if I was okay, or wanted any water. I thought that was service excellence  right there! = 0) = 0)I just ate there this past Sunday for lunch.  I did post some pictures.  My BF had the cat fish sloppy joe! Now that was different YUMM-CIOUSSSS! hahahhaa.  They have their own home made chips.  It was good, but a little salty.  My roomie had the tun melt on brioche bread.  I think its new on the menu.  I had the RM burger.  Very juicy.  I have yet to eat upstairs in their fine dinning restaurant. When I do, I'll be  updating!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,6/27/2010,203,164,6,9,7>What's not to love about a tower of beer the size of me? Throw in a couple of fried-grilled-baked-appetizers along with some good company and you have yourself a fantastic time. I can't wait for the temperature to warm up a bit and I'm going to this Happy Hour spot for Tuesday Karaoke Fight Night. The owner Jayson is actually very personable which makes my review even more biased because I only ate 2 items on their menu. Chicken wings and Satay were delicious! But any joint where the owner puts their sweat and soul into the food (minus real sweat) is a good joint for me. I really hope this spot will be busier than Firefly because I love both in this plaza. Next visit :sit on patio, order everything on happy menu,  and beer tower.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2010,6/26/2010,293,585,8,4,4>Like Lisa W, I decided to give this salon a try for free. I've always been experimental with my hair and even a bad haircut grows out.I have to say this was the funniest experience I've had in awhile.Not that the haircut was funny but that the stylist was noticeably inexperienced. I've had stylists at Great Clips cut with more authority.Haircuts for me have recently been rather simple A-line bobs. After yesterday's experience, you'd have thunk I had gold delicately interwoven through my hair. My stylist took great care to make sure that little lock of hair would do what he wanted. I appreciate that... but after 5 minutes of focus on one little part of hair that has NEVER been focused on, I started to question his level of experience.I don't know if it's a straight man thing or what, but he was rather careless in the way he combed my hair forward over my face and left it there while he worked on the back of my head. And like Lisa, there was no padding on the neck when he washed my hair. His technique with razor cutting my hair was less than desirable. Instead of holding my hair taunt in one hand and cutting with the other, it felt like he was tugging at my head. The razor on my neck had me nervously giggling until it simply hurt and I yelped out. I can't say that I've done that in my 15 years of hairs every 6 to 8 weeks.It really felt like I had just handed scissors to my boyfriend and told him to start cutting. It was like thumbs and palms all over my head. Instead of a definite part in my hair, I had a wiggly line. At one point, I watched him try to part my hair down the center, and it took him as many tries as it would for me to do my wiggly 3 year old daughter's hair.The difference is that I'm NOT a professional. It was a free cut so I'm not going to have the same standards as paying $50 for it.  Therefore the haircut was fine but the experience was less than average. I tipped the stylist and wished him luck. I really hope the best for him, but I won't be going back to Eaze for a free haircut again.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,6/25/2010,580,394,9,7,8>So, the club has been open for a week and I've been there 5 times total....call me Surrendered OUT!Another great thing about the club is that the gogo dancers, ACTUALLY, DANCE! And know how to!!!! lol They aren't these fake boobed out girls just there to giggle and show some T and A....these girls are fit and you can tell....I swear, these girls did some yoga poses that made me go "Whoa, did she just bend that way???!" AMAZEBALLS.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,6/24/2010,4682,1966,4,12,8>I love BBQ and this place is located near my good friend's house.  So when he suggested we try out the new BBQ place near his house, I jumped at the opportunity.They recently opened, so there isn't even a sign there yet....but they have a huge banner so we knew we were in the right place.  It's tucked in the corner of the shopping center, so you have to look for it.Looking at the menu, which has no beef, I was tempted by the Pulled Pork Sandwich and the Hot Links sandwich.  I couldn't decide, so I ordered both!While we were waiting for our food, the owner/cook gave us samples of his Baby Back Ribs, Fries, and Hot Sauce.  What a  nice guy.....the samples he gave us were awesome too.The first dish to come out was the Pulled Pork Sandwich.....the thing is huge!  I was beginning to regret ordering 2 sandwiches...lol  Anyway, the Pork was tender and juicy and had the right amount of BBQ Sauce.  The sandwich is topped with Coleslaw, which added to the overall flavor....very good.A few minutes later came this huge Hot Links Sandwich.....I got in over my head this time....but I wasn't going to let that sandwich beat me.  The Hot Link was very good and again the right amount of BBQ Sauce was in the sandwich.  It is also topped with Grilled Onions & Cheddar Cheese.....yum.  The only thing that could have made it better was if it was spicier.....I like blazing hot Hot Links.The staff was very friendly and helpful too...and greeted us with smiles and when we left said goodbye....nice personal touch.  I took plenty of pics, so check them out.  They also deliver....Will I come back?  Absolutely.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,6/23/2010,4974,721,7,10,9>Most times when you go to bars that serve peanuts in shells, there are at least a few nuts that are kinda...retarded.  They taste off, look a little strange and are just throwaways.  How is it possible that every peanut this bar has is perfect??  Is there a guy in the back inspecting each and every peanut? Aside from the fact that most beers start at $8 here..the food is certainly worth coming for.  We had a 1/2 lb of the pastrami and it was pure heaven.  I cannot wait to go back and try the rest of the carved meats.  It would be a bit pricey to get drunk at this place...perhaps just show up drunk already??
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,6/22/2010,364,129,11,10,9>I am a 2 1/2 star fan, but the bf states "Hands down the best chinese food in town" ... averaging it out to 4 stars total for the food lol. If you are looking for quality of the food rather than the service, don't bother dining in! lol. I would highly recommend doing TAKE-OUT at Diamond Chinese because honestly, the customer service is not the greatest!!! But, we all know that great chinese food is always followed by poor service haha! My top dishes:Hot and sour soup - A perfect cure for a hangover or a chilly night in vegas.Beef chow fun w/ black bean sauce - the sauce makes this dish consistent and flavorful. Spicy pork chops - This dish is just a must have EVERY time you visit!P.S. I was a little skeptical because of how the restaurant looks (inside and out). No bueno. It is not fine dining for sure. You could wear pj's and its acceptable! lol.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,6/21/2010,178,81,7,12,14>The Foundation Room?  What is this enigmatic place??The question shouldn't be what is this place rather, why haven't I Yelped about this place earlier.Radiant in character in a dim, intimate setting is how I can best describe the Foundation Room.  This mystical lounge is perched high atop the Mandalay Bay hotel.  There's more to the Mandalay Bay than Rum Jungle (gag!) you ask?  Yes, there is and it's called the Foundation Room.  And once you've experienced it you'll find yourself setting the bar high for any other lounge in comparison.We love taking our out of town guests here to experience all that is mysterious and exotic about the seven secluded rooms and main lounge area.  The carpeted interior make it easy on the feet when you want to get up and dance, the plush furniture will make you feel like you are truly somewhere exclusive and the alluring decor will have you forget you are in Vegas and feel as if you're in some other worldy place.VIP service here is nothing short than exemplary and so is the music.  See Dimitri, he is the most outstanding head host in all of Vegas.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,6/19/2010,263,168,6,8,9>Yesterday was a blur and needed my Raku fix on! Grateful for an awesome company, we were greeted with friendship and hospitality, thanks to Satay's own Saturday nights Patio Sessions resident DJ Nathan Sense Uhlir, who splurged us with a pitcher of Sapporo beer and a side of laughs throughout dinner.It has been a while since my last visit to Raku and I was pleased that Raku expanded their restaurant with a new room. The table that we sat in was really cool. It had an open rectangular shape in the middle of our booth/table that had a mini traditional/organic barbecue pit.Mr. Uhlir ordered most of the items on the special black board menu and everything was fantastic! I only wish that I had written down the names, but since I didn't my list of items in US version as follows:Homemade cold and hot tofu.Raw cold meat with amazing edible accessories on top & a drop of sauceSpecial Toro Dish (seared fatty tuna)Special grilled Salmon collar bonefrom the Robatta Grill:Enoki Mushroom wrapped with BaconGreen Hot Chili Pepper Kurobuta Pork CheekAnd last but not least: Soba buckwheat noodle salad with amazing secret dressing! Each time we order this salad, we drink the excess dressing like soup! I LOVE RAKU! Service and food never fails and last night, I had tears of joy in my Raku!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,6/18/2010,693,1125,5,15,13>This is a new spot to hit Centennial so of course I want to try it out.We ordered some take out pizza and it was LEGIT New York Pizza. Super thin and light crispy yet chewy crust with a good bread to cheese to sauce ratio. Definitely was surprising as I've been to a few places that claim they are NY style but wasn't quite there. We just went simple with some pepperoni so I can observe the crust better without overdoing the toppings. I enjoyed our pizza thoroughly and it is what I've had in NY.I wonder if they ship their dough in from NY. Most NY style west coast places that are legit do. Why does the dough have to come from there you ask? Well, the saying goes that the NY pizza made with the NY dough is unique by the NY water they put into it. I dunno the science behind it on what the unique regional water compounds do to the dough, but whatever- it's good so I EAT! We had a special Val Pak coupon for a pizza and wings. Wings were decent but love to get it with some more zing to the sauce.Short and sweet this time. I will be back since its right down the street from the house! YAY! I will be dining in since that is always a different experience than take away food.To be continued....but I think I found a pizza place to have a love affair with.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,6/17/2010,446,223,4,6,5>Will the real popcorn girl please stand up!! You deserve a round of applause. I still cannot believe how many flavors of popcorn you have. I could list all of the amazing flavors that you let us sample today but i am not sure it would all fit here.The loaded baked potato was awesome " I now own a bag", The Apple was amazing, " I now own a bag", The Spicy Cheese was amazing, " I now own a bag" and the oreo was rediculous amazing, " I now own a bag". So you obviously get the point.I do have to say, I love to support local businesses and one of the coolest things was how welcome all of the staff makes you feel. My daughter and I were standing to the side checking out all of the sweet tins that they have to send popcorn to your favorite people in and the gentleman in the back mentioned that the popper was about to blow and we could come on back..  "Really" that was an awesome touch, we got our own little private tour like something out of MTV cribs, you know what im talking about.... The " this is were the magic happens part". That is not an understatement, they pop the corn sift out all of the unpopped and half popped kernals and make the magic happen after that.I am more than happy to recommend this place to anyone looking for some good snacky food. Or for something different to sneak into the movies. You will be the envy of the theatre while you are sitting there eating white chocolate peppermint popcorn. This is a must try for anyone who like popcorn..... Or any other type of food, because Im sure they have the flavor.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,6/16/2010,137,378,3,8,3>Four stars because it has all you can eat sashimi, and this is the first place I've found it in Vegas.Good quality fish, a couple of decent innovative rolls. I give it a 2 for atmosphere, a 3 for presentation, a 4 for the food. I'd still prefer to go to Naked Fish over Hikari... dollar for dollar, it's just better.This place is cool though, it has a discount for good looking girls after a certain hour. The chefs seem to have a good time at work, the service is quick and efficient, and overall it was a great meal.Will definitely be dining here again, though next time I hope they have more sashimi selections available.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,6/15/2010,1199,60,6,14,14>Pop quiz! Where's a place that serves yummy Italian food at 1am on a late Sunday night/early Monday morning? Exactly... With some help from Yelp and Google, we find this place. I pick up a lady friend, whom I've just met, and we venture forth to fill our late night cravings of garlic and pasta. Giuseppe's is a standalone restaurant which seems to be surrounded by desert. We pull up around 1:30am to find a decent number of cars in the parking lot. After three sets of doors, we finally make it into this 24/7 bar and grill. A huge square bar stands in front of us after we enter the room. About 14 or so people are sitting around the bar drinking and some eating... You guessed it... Pasta!We eye a spot in the corner and perch ourselves on the high bar stool and table. The friendly bartender, Mike, greets us from behind the bar and delivers his standard line, "What can I get you guys to drink?". We opted to look over the menus first, since that's what we were really here for. He lays down two menus and our adventure begins.The offering is pretty extensive for a bar and grill. Appetizers, Specialties, Pastas, Soups, Salads, Pizzas, Burgers, Sandwiches, Steaks, Seafood options line the menu. Wow. Where do we begin? Ah yes, straight to the pasta section. Remember, we're looking for key words. Pasta. Check. Garlic. Check.After a few moments, we are still unsure on what to order. Everything looks so good! We have a few dishes in mind but nothing set in stone yet. Mike comes by and we ask him what the specialties are. We tell him we are looking for pasta, garlic, and red sauce with a spicy kick. He recommends the Cappellini Pomadore and the Linguini Calamari. Funny. Those were two dishes we were both looking at. Done deal.Since this was our first time out together, my guest and I had tons to talk about. Life stories, pet peeves, likes, dislikes, dreams, aspirations, and so on... And finally... The food arrives. Both dishes look delicious. Without missing a beat in our conversation, we both dig in and continue chatting.The Cappellini Pomadore is Angel Hair pasta tossed in olive oil, roasted garlic, roasted tomato and fresh basil. We requested the red sauce on this dish have a spicy kick to it. The kitchen happily obliged.The Linguini Calamari is pasta and calamari tossed in extra virgin olive oil, roasted tomato, fresh basil, and roasted garlic.Both dishes were pretty good. Oh, did I mention each dish comes with a choice of soup or salad? We both choose the Minestrone soup, which was the special of the day.Between myself and my guest, one of us was able to finish the dish while the other had to admit defeat and take the rest of the pasta home for another small meal. Due to myself being a gentleman, I won't divulge on who finished and who didn't. =) After our meal was done, we both sat around and conversed for the next hour and half. Hey what can I say? We both got along pretty well. What we weren't expecting was Mike, our bartender/server, stopping by our table and offering us two bottles of water on the house. He apparently saw us yapping so much, he thought we'd be thirsty. I thought that was pretty spot on service.Earlier during our car ride to the place, I joked that my curfew was 4am since I had to work at 10. She, fortunately had the next day off. Our great conversation got the best of us. We looked at our clocks earlier and it read 2:30. The next thing you know its 4:15! Time flies when you're having a good time. We graciously thank Mike for being a great host and we head out homeward bound with a happily satisfied tummy.Would I eat at this place again? Definitely. Would I ask the same girl out again? Definitely. Clearly a win win situation.Oh, and before I forget, the leftovers were eaten for breakfast a day later. It was better tasting than at the restaurant. Go figure.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,6/14/2010,234,139,2,4,4>Previously called Famous Uncle Al's Hot Dogs & Grill -could not change the name on the other listing so I started a new oneWhat I ordered:Dr. PepperLas Vegas Chili Dog $4.40  - white sausage sage chili, pepper jack cheese, dill relish, tomatoes, cayenne sour cream & spicy mustard As I waited for my LV Dog, I was looking to see what kind of beer they had on tap. They have Amber Bock, Sam Adams, Bud Light, and Root Beer...wait... what? (does a double take) ROOT BEER on tap?!! I don't think I've ever seen this before. When my server brought my LV Dog out, I asked him how the Root Beer was. He brought me a small cup to try and told me they get it from Milwaukee. The root beer and my LV Dog were yummy!I am definitely going to come going to come back and try a root beer float (made w/Breyers Ice Cream).
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,6/13/2010,161,172,6,5,5>Lots of goodness here!  I really dig this place since they offer a bunch of varieties of Japanese food.  What I mean by this is that it's similar to Ichiza and Shuseki, and perhaps a little more.  Raku is at a whole different level quality and budget wise, so we'll leave that aside.My friends and I stopped by a few nights ago to get our belly filled with Japanese delights mainly from the Robata Grill because that was our craving beforehand.  First thing I notice is that this place still reminds me of Sushi Hana.  Same sushi bar along the same wall with the new addition of the Robata Grill at the next station over.  Second is that everyone that works here is Japanese.  Last but not least, they're menu is quite extensive.  They offer a nice selection of Saki and cocktails, Yakitori stuff, sushi, and other weird (sting rays anyone?) and not so weird Japanese food.  Average price on the Yakitori menu is about $2.50 unless you want seafood items then it's about $3.75 and up.  I didn't actually walk up to the grill so I'm still uncertain if it's charcoal or gas grilled.There was four of us, but only three of us were eating.  Two girls that just met through me.  Of the two girls one of them is a stoner.  Guess who ordered? Armed with the Yakitori Menu and pencil my buddy ordered pretty much 3 of everything.  I'll try to list them all, but that night I fell into a deep food coma and never actually recovered from it.Corn (2 piece) - my favorite part of the whole mealChicken Meatballs - ordered another 3 because it was pretty yummy.Chicken ThighChicken Thigh w/ Cheese - I don't remember this.Chicken Thigh w/ Spicy Mayo - NoChicken Breast w/ Spicy Mayo - NoChicken Breast w/ Wasabi - No.. It's just Wasabi smeared on it.Chicken Skin - Not too shabby actually.  Nice and saltyPork Spareribs - Yum!  Meat practically peeled off the bones.  No skewersBeef Tongue - Love it! Thicker than Ichiza,  The secret is more Lemon so ask for more.Beef Short Ribs (Kalbi) Asparagus Wrapped w/ Pork - Not bad.. The pork is not bacon.  Juicy or was it fatty?Enoki (mushroom) Wrapped w/ PorkShiitake Mushroom - I hate mushroom but this was actually good.Butter Potato - Think "baked potato"Japanese Pepper - Hell no.. It wasn't spicy and sure boring as hell to eat.Baked Rice Balls with Garlic Butter and i think Shoyu (soy sauce)We also got some Tempura Sweet Potatoes w/ Salt that gave it a nice touch.  Yellowtail, Cilantro, and Avocado roll was ordered beginning of the meal before they sent out a mini house salad with sweet Miso dressing for the table.  We ate almost everything!  Only a small Togo box for a rice-ball and a piece of Kalbi.   It was disgusting how much we consumed.  I thought i could eat, but this little girl next to me really had the munchies!  Our bill was about $150 to give you an idea how much ordered amongst the 3 of us.  The chef was no where to be found after we finished out meal.  Probably passed out on the floor cooking for us the whole time.  I had to get up a few time during the meal because my arse was getting sweaty.All that and we couldn't leave without trying their Honey Toast.  We had 2 orders of them.  I'd rank it between Ichiza and shuseki with Ichiza having the best Honey Toast.  SHIN toast is a little bigger, and their scoop of ice cream is smaller; however, they use black honey instead of regular.We were the only one in the restaurant until the employees' friends came in and had couple drinks.  Service did not slack at all.  In fact they actually open the door for you as you approach the restaurant and also as you leave.  Dishes were always cleared promptly, and hot tea were always refiled.  They even tried to change out our eating plates, but we obliged.  To help keep your table tidy lays a handy, hot tea-like cup for your naked skewers.  Very nasSs~Came back the next night only for dessert.  Coming back in a week because my pot head friend loved it so much she reserved a table for 10 so we can feast again.  This time I'll be regulating. lolCome here if you don't want to deal with the crowd.  You might find something you like while you're at it.Side note: Bottle water here is Voss 375ml glass bottles.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2009,6/12/2010,1362,984,6,16,10>My 700th review goes toward a night of decadent eating!Parties of four are really one of the best ways to experience a menu.  With drinks in hand, we took our seats at a table by the floor-to-ceiling glass walls separating us from the outside world.* Trio of Duck Fat fries with dipping sauces of barbecue, truffle aioli, and ketchup - This complimentary dish was the first to arrive, and yes, they are very delicious and decadent, and oh so good and fatty.  A great way to start any meal!* Potato Focaccia - More complimentary stuff to get your palate going, although I found to be just okay, the Husband enjoyed it more. * Maine Lobster "bacon-wrapped fritters" ($17) - Skewered lobster with bacon wrapped around, and then deep-fried.  A refreshing dipping sauce to cut the fat!* Roasted Beets "burrata, walnut oil" ($15) - The fresh Italian cheese, greens, and beets had the three men at my table fighting over the last bits.* Filet Tartare "american kobe filet, classic garnish, grilled pocket bread" ($21) - Beautifully presented with the rare beef and a raw quail egg resting on top.  Garnishments of mustard, cracked pepper, red onions and the like surrounded it before the waiter artfully mixed it all together and presented it in chilled glass.  So tastefully good, you don't need or want the bread.  * Shabu Shabu "american kobe beef, mushroom consomme" ($24) - A pot of hot broth took center stage as enoki mushrooms wrapped in beef arrived.  A quick swish and a dip of sauce and into your mouth it goes.* Angus Beef Cap ($46) - We all ordered this off-menu cut of beef.  I initially wanted it rare, but was dissuaded to have it medium rare instead.  Cutting into my beef, it was more medium and I was saddened.  A quick glance around the table, and I realized my piece was definitely more cooked than most.  Lucky for me, the Husband was willing to switch his piece with mine.  (That act alone makes him a keeper!)  Once I cut into my newly acquired beef, I was enjoying my medium rare slice with everyone else.  * Mac & Cheese "truffled" ($12) - Yes, it's all that and a bag of chips.  So creamy and good, and not just a hint of the truffle, but it's all over! So yum!  Worth ordering on its own.* Scalloped Potatoes "caramelized onion & goat cheese" ($12) - The onions give this dish a sweetness that complements the goat cheese and potatoes.  * Potato Puree Trio "lobster, sour cream & onion, horseradish" ($14) - My personal fave over the other potato dish.  With so many variations of mashed potatoes, how can one not like them.  Very smooth, creamy, and just something you want to eat all to yourself.* Creamed Corn "jalapeno" - I guess we needed some kind of vegetable to offset our meal.  A slight bit of heat from the pepper and it's more creamy goodness.* Beignets "Chocolate Pot de Creme, Macallan 18 Year Butterscotch Pudding, Madagascar Vanilla Creme Brulee" - Take a spoon to the crème brulee and forget the beignets, just hog the pot to yourself.  Dipping wise, I liked the chocolate over the butterscotch in this case.* Coconut Candy Bar "Caramel Ice Cream, Toasted Almonds" ($12) - A very fancy candy bar that's super sweet, and perfect for sharing.* Cucumber Martini - Surprisingly better than other cucumber martinis out there, good enough that everyone at my table was having one because they are that good.* Cherry Caiprihana - The Husband enjoyed this signature drink of theirs as well, and the cherry adds a unique taste to the caiprihana.The service at Strip Steak was probably among the best.  There's a team waiting on you, and they work as a team - with not just clearing dishes, but bringing your orders in and chatting it up with you.  One of the more personal and better customer service experiences I've had in awhile.  Michael Mina obviously knows what he's doing with his food and his staff.  It's no wonder there's a cult following of his restaurants.  They also have restrooms within the restaurant, which is a nice touch. (Most restaurants in the casinos don't have their own restrooms, so you're forced to walk through the casino to use it.)  But there can be a line, which is the downfall of it.My suggestion is to gather a few friends, and only a few, and share a wonderful meal with them all.  With a party of five or more, it's harder to share the appetizers and sides.  You'll share an intimate culinary adventure with them!4.5 stars
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2010,6/11/2010,292,759,10,16,9>***500th Review***Wow, where to start? The evening began with an awesome ride in the famous gold limo and a short tour of the Mansion. A hot chick dressed in a kimono leads you through  the Mansion and into food fantasy land. Sadly food fantasy land is incredibly ugly - done up in shades of pale pink and purple with lace doilies everywhere. We ate here 2 weeks after Easter and there were Easter eggs everywhere. Pink, purple, easter eggs.EW.Take out the pastel Easter theme and this place is flawless ! We did 2 courses for $135 and I'd really say 1 course for $105 or 2 courses for $135 is the way to go! You do NOT need to order dessert. Trust me. I could go on all day about the bread. The 35 choices. The fact that they heat up your bread for you. The butter carved lovingly off of a huge loaf with salt sprinkled on top. For us carboholics, you've just reached nirvana. Be careful, however, there's still food coming!The amuse bouche is crab and caviar. Delicious and impeccable.Course 1: It's between here and Alex for the best sea scallops in town. If you're a scallop person, by all means don't miss these. The king crab salad was equally amazing.Course 2: So I made the mistake of getting the lobster. While it was great, my husband ordered the foie gras wrapped in guinea hen. This was the single best dish I've ever had in my life. It sounded blah, but WOW, life changing dish. Like close your eyes in ecstasy dish! So good in fact that for $40 my Dad and I ordered one to share in addition to our lobster. The only travesty is that dish is too small ! I could eat 3 of those , but then I'm a glutton. Dessert: So like I said, don't order one. They bring out this cart of magical delights that's included with your meal, each one more fabulous than the last . FOURTY choices of mini treats. Each one hand painted in metallic colors.. wow.. beautiful, tasty, there really were no duds here. Tahitian vanilla caramels, banana filled chocolates (with actual fresh bananas inside!), white chocolate dipped pineapple... We got 5 or so each, but we should have gotten 10 ! So I'm going to leave you with some help if you're trying to decide between this place and Alex (my other favorite place in Vegas). I liked Joel a little bit better because *limo*guinea hen (best dish of my life)*bread cart*dessert cart However, the rest of the diners in my party preferred Alex. I can definitely agree on an aesthetic standpoint - Alex is just a better dining environment.  I didn't have any of the best dishes of my life at Alex, HOWEVER, Alex overall was more food for the price and every single thing was fantastic. In simple terms, Joel's food ranged from 4 to 5 depending on the dish. At Alex, everything was a 4.5 . My husband summed it up this way: Next time we want a nice dinner, call Joel and see if they have the guinea hen/foie. If they do - go to Joel for the $105 menu and just get that, the bread, the amuse, and the dessert cart! Otherwise, Alex all the way. PS - posted lots of pics. I'm not a big picture person but this place was so jaw dropping I couldn't resist.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2010,6/10/2010,60,75,,3,3>Vivido Gelato is good, but not authentic Italian gelato.  Large selection of flavors, but they're lacking some traditional staples (straciatella, fior de latte, etc) and need more fruit options.  Prices are high, especially given the small servings (two small gelatos for $8).  Also, they limit you to two flavor samples per person, which they announce when you walk in.  This just seems really cheap of them and totally rubbed me the wrong way.  There is something in their gelato that makes it very stretchy, almost gummy.  The mint was pretty good (but colored with green dye), blood orange was okay but not very flavorful.  I will probably go back if I crave gelato again, but only because there is nowhere else in the area.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,6/9/2010,76,115,6,8,6>My experience at the Tiki Room demonstrated to me the magnificence of eyeball technology. I was walking in and out of the place in the afternoon with other Yelpers after the AIDS walk. When I first entered the Tiki room it was so dark that I ran into a few benches and wished the menu was printed with raised letters. It reminded me of the time when I blinded myself by using my roommate's hard contact solution to cleanse my soft contacts. The only decorations I could see were the glowing blow fish hanging from the ceiling, which are awesome and not cheesy at all. After about 15 minutes, my eyes adjusted and I could see well enough to notice that I was seated in a lovely booth with other Yelpers sitting next to me. I copied Misty Y, Independent Scholar, and ordered the Lava Letch, which was a great drink flavored with ginger beer. The Independent Scholar is brilliant!I would give the Tiki room five stars if it weren't for the lack of ventilation. The smell of video poker-player smoke lingers.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,6/8/2010,39,132,1,4,3>Glaziers is as good as it gets in my opinion.  I go there every week for groceries and sometimes in between for a quick stop on something I need.  This place is ultra friendly, and the employees are customer service pro's.  Best part about this place?  Mr G. (glazier) can be seen daily pushing his shopping cart around the store.  How cool is it that the owner of the store says hi to you and thanks you?  Coming to Vegas from a very small town in MA, you learn to appreciate these rare occurances of personalized service.  Glaziers has everything I need and I see no reason to go anywhere else.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,6/7/2010,40,75,7,6,5>When you get too funky to drive like I did last night, it i seasy to get a cab from the whereever home. Getting a cab to pick you up on Sunday morning when you live deep in suburbia so you can get yer car back while still wearing last night's makeup, can be more difficult. I called 3 places before this one, the 1st I was on hold for what seemed like forever. Th other 2 were busy, but this one picked up right away and had a cab to my door in under 20 minutes. I was waaaaay too hungover to try to hold a conversation with the driver but he was friendly enough guy. Not like you really have a huge choice of cab when yer drunk ass is goin home, but when yer hungover in the morning and realize you need yer car and it's too early  to call a friend,, these guys work just as well. Except of course, you have to pay them.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,6/5/2010,147,267,2,3,2>I have to say that the Wynn buffet did impress me.  The different assortment of higher quality food (for a buffet) was excellent.  However, I was conflicted with giving it 3 stars because of the service.  It took a long time for my girlfriend and I to get a glass of water.  Then afterwards, they forgot about our refills even though we repeatedly asked.  Busy or not, this shouldn't be tolerated.  Also there was a gnat in my girlfriend's food.  This could have been from the floral arrangements located around the buffet.  They did give us a free glass of champagne for that, however, the service was still abysmal.  If you can put the service aside though, the food was great, the desserts were average with ice creams, cakes, and other goodies you would find at a buffet.  If you want to try items such as lamb, rabbit pasta, and other entrees you wouldn't usually find at other buffets, then try this out.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,6/4/2010,158,34,2,5,2>Went to this joint as my friend and I decided to try it out due to our Mexican food phase after a recent trip to san Diego. First things first, as compared to other taco shops (robertos, amigos), this place is CLEAN. It's well maintained, and bright on the inside, so it gives your digestive system some peace of mind. Prices are a tad bit cheaper than that of other taco shops, so I went a little crazy and ordered an excessive quantity of food. I had the lengua, carne asada, and fish tacos, along with a sausage breakfast burrito. The standout quality within these were the quality of ingredients, fresh veggies and good, high grade quality lean meat. I especially liked the fish taco as it came served with tartar sauce and a tangy pico de gallo salsa. Breakfast burrito was above average. Overall, faustos will be my taco fixation for the moment, it's a small place located in a strip mall with highly rated yelp restarunts such as Oyshi sushi but don't be afraid to check this place out.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,6/3/2010,113,85,6,12,9>I've eaten at Carnevino a couple of times in the lounge area where I've ordered from the less expensive bar menu, and have been thoroughly impressed (they have a better fancy burger than Bradley Ogden, if you ask me) so my husband and I decided to eat in the dining room for our first anniversary on Sunday. The understated decor is reminiscent of a simple yet sophisticated Italian country villa, and the general aura is relaxed and welcoming. Every person on the wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable and the managers were gracious and accommodating. Because it was our anniversary we each received a complimentary glass of Bastianich's own Brut upon arrival (normally $14 a pop), but more notably, because we are locals, we received 15 % off our entire bill. I believe Batali is the only chef thus far to offer such a discount on a regular basis, and he should be commended for it. For an appetizer we ordered the pappardelle with 'porcini trifolati,' or cooked porcini mushrooms($22). Porcini mushrooms are my favorite mushroom. They are generally large and have a sponge-like underside rather than gills, giving them a kind of chewy yet slippery texture. When I saw porcini I got incredibly excited because the only place I have seen fresh porcini mushrooms in the states is at the Ferry Building farmer's market in San Francisco. While living in Italy they could be found everywhere in the Fall, even at road stands, and I frequently ordered this exact dish whenever I could. Needless to say I was truly disappointed when the dish came out full of shitakes and other varieties of mushrooms, with nothing like the porcinis I know and love. If the menu had just said 'pappardelle with mushrooms' I would have been completely satisfied, as the pasta was beautifully home-made and tossed in a light yet buttery sauce. Sadly, this misrepresentation showed up more than once on the menu. Our spinach side was supposed to have cherry peppers to give a kick, yet didn't, and our 'spring peas with pancetta' turned out to be snow peas. The steak was the real showstopper of the meal. I try to be frugal when dining out, but as a self-proclaimed foodie I am also willing to pay big money for something novel and ridiculously good. That something today was the 240 day dry-aged steak that cost $100 an inch. Dry-aging of beef is basically the controlled rotting of the exterior of the meat in a cold environment that results in the formation of a skin, or pellicle, that is then removed prior to cooking. It is an expensive process and therefore results in better, but less frugal, cuts of meat. Most well-marbled high grade meat is dry-aged for some amount of time as it dramatically enhances and concentrates the flavor, but this time can range from a few weeks to about the 240 days given the riserva steak here (we were told the slaughter date for our beef was circa early August, 2009). A second manager prepared it for us tableside by skillfully slicing it on a wooden board and drizzling it with the chef's recommendation of a little olive oil and a sprinkle of salt. We ordered the horseradish black pepper zabaglione as an accompanying sauce, but despite its ethereal qualities, it was utterly unnecessary and almost felt like a sin to use on this particular piece of meat. The inherent flavors of the steak were not powerful enough to stand up to it, and only by eating the steak alone could you truly appreciate the process and time required to create such a masterpiece. The wait staff described the flavor as earthy, but for me it was as if the aroma you get when you first walk into a fabulous cheese store (such as Murray's in the West Village) found its way into the meat and then ultimately into your mouth in a subtle yet obvious way. Combine that with the intensely flavored juices of the best quality steak you can buy and the result is unlike anything you've had before. As I continued to analyze the complexity of flavors twinkling in my mouth I looked over at my husband and saw teardrops welling in his eyes. When he noticed I was looking at him he said, "I'll cry over meat, I don't give a f*#!." I was hoping he was tearing up over how happy he felt to be married to me, but no, it was the steak he was feeling such a fondness for. I really wasn't hurt at all because I felt the same, and in all fairness, you can't have a steak like that everyday for the rest of your life. As far as Strip restaurants go, I would be more inclined to come back here rather than try some of the other celebrity chef restaurants I haven't yet been to. Usually you don't get what you pay for, but I felt the prices charged here were deserved. To boot, the service and ambiance were top notch without being stuffy. If you are looking for a special occasion place, Carnevino is now on my list of top ten Strip restaurants.For my full review, go to my blog.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,6/2/2010,64,304,10,6,5>The Lamb...OMFG THE LAMB!!! I'll have cravings of the lamb chops for the next few months thanks to this place.Okay here's the story, Buddy and I planned on hitting up Mother's Korean BBQ in China town. I no longer felt up to it and decided i needed a Kebab (I dont care to me it's KE-BAB, i talk about KE-BABS with my British and Australian friends it's not a kah-bob it's KE-BAB). My buddy works around the area and orders delivery at least twice a week. TWICE A WEEK?! other then rice i dont eat anything twice a week willingly. We GOTTA check this place out.We arrived at 9:45 and closing is at 10:00. The staff allowed us to dine in regardless of their closing time. Our waitress was brand new and possibly fumbled our order so another waitress came over to confirm everything. Now some would consider this an annoyance because they should have got it right the first time but i actually approve of this. It's better to ask again and get it right rather then follow through only to discover someone made a mistake somewhere.We both ordered #19s (Combo Kebab) but with personal touches. I had a straight 19 which has Rice, Salad, Grilled Chili & Tomato, A Pork Chop, two of each Chicken & Beef Kebabs, and a Beef Lula kebab.Buddy had the same but replaced his rice with half rice half fries, all beef kebabs, and a chicken lula.We also had a side of lamb chops were were...what ever i'll say it...ORGASMIC Rice: had that classic flavor found in middle eastern, indian, and mediteranean cuisine. I have been unable to replicated and havent found a female of listed above ethnicity to date so the rice will still impress me until i learn it's secrets. Beef Kebab: Perfectly seasoned not too dry but not all that juicy. Had a lot of flavor and was very tender. Epic WinChicken Kebab: Same as the beef but with chicken. Epic WinBeef Lula Kebab: Nice flavor but the texture is what got me, it seemed softer then burger meat but had twice the flavor. The overly soft texture didnt sit too well with me but then again i ate it all. Epic uh...not sure if i like it but there's no trace of it on my plateChicken Lula Kebab: Perfect just perfect, the flavors and most importantly the texture was perfect. Epic PerfectionPork Chops: No impact No idea. All i know is it fits VERY nicely in the to go box. Not a small pork chop either mine covered nearly half the plate. Epic BreakfstSide of Lamb Chops: Words can not begin to describe...Should have sent a Poet. In all seriousness i was ready to throw my entire plate on the floor and completely devote the next few minutes to munching on these lamb chops. We as Americans need to embrace Lamb more...Epic LambHaving a salad on the side is a very nice way to balance out the savory and the salty with crunchy tartness. The Pita bread wasnt fresh but i cant expect more when they stayed open late to accommodate us very close to their closing time. Overall two combo plates, two sodas, customization on one of the combo plates, and a side of 4 pieces of lamb chops for 40 dollars.WAIT WHAT?!?! 20 quid per person?! that's a 22oz steak @ the Cortez Room...That's All you can eat Korean BBQ @ Sula...here 20 bucks not only got us each a combo plate but the Lamb too?! Sorry my other favorite place for cheap eats you've already been forgotten and replaced with Shish Kebab House...
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,6/1/2010,13,75,2,6,5>Lets just start off with the fact that im half Korean and cook half of the food they make here at Yum Yum from recipes passed down from my mother (who in all our minds, nobody cooks better than mom). The AYCE was $13.99 which still wasnt bad considering the assortment of items they were offering. -Kalbi -Katsu -Bul Kogi -Chap Chae -Man Du-BBQ chicken -Garlic shrimp (shell on) -Misubi there is quite a bit-about 15-20 different sushi rolls from spicy tuna to tiger rolls and everything in between Surprisingly the Kalbi marinade was on point and very good cuts of meat. Katsu was a bit thin for my liking but not bad just not great. Garlic shrimp was tasty but i hate having to work for my food so peeling the shell just pissed me off. BBQ chicken was grilled and good (not dry) but not sauced up just grilled chicken. Chap Chae was actually not bad considering its pretty easy to mess this dish up, thumbs up. I did have two sushi rolls but honestly it just didnt go with the rest of the meal, so i kept the heaps of meat, noodles, and man du flowing nicely. I will say for the price its hard to beat and coming from a guy who is really picky about his kalbi marinade they actually do quite well with it so dont miss out on that if/when you go. The place is small and in a strip mall sort of situation so dont be overly impressed with the outside appearance even though the logo is actually kinda cute. Its clean and to the point but not romantic or anything to really get dressed up or consider a date kinda spot as you just come here to get your grub on. Check it out!
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,5/31/2010,40,219,2,3,2>Num num num. Since moving to Vegas, Mall food has meant one of two things...pizza or Panda Express type places. Oh, that was not the case when we were holiday shopping and in need of some food. I go through times when I eat A LOT of Greek food. This time was at the tail end of one of those times, so I was a bit hesitant to try Greek food at the mall. Both my wife and I had the falafel gyro with hummus and pita. WOW...all the food was fantastic! The falafels where very well prepared, and had the perfect texture. The hummus tasted fresh, and the pita was some of the best I have ever had. While we were waiting for our food, the owner chatted with us for a few minutes as well. This really capped off a great experience as he was willing to answer questions we have. Great place to have a quality meal while shopping, particularly for those folks who may be vegetarian or have a hard time finding healthy food at the mall.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,5/30/2010,93,135,2,6,2>I have to admit, this is my first shabu shabu meal, but it was REALLY good! The beef is well marbled, the veggies fresh with ample refills & the scallops were FABULOUS! I have yet to find a sushi place that  sells scallops of such high quality for such a good price. I got a combo plate & had at least 10+ good sashimi-sized slices of tender, sweet scallop. Though you can cook it, I had mine with soy sauce & wasabi as recommended [both here and by the waitress]. It's totally the way to go, guys, so don't waste precious time cooking these bad boys & just eat them straight. I didn't sample any of the sake, and the only beer they have on hand is Sapporo. I drank multiple cups of genmai tea, which is brown rice & green tea- it was tasty, as well, having a toastier, nuttier flavor than regular green tea. The meal includes; a plate full of your meat of choice [also a vegetarian option available], salad (free refills), a plate of veggies with; cabbage, green onion, carrot, tofu & tofu noodles [free refills also]. We had icecream at the end, mine topped with green tea powder- others that had it agreed that it should have been more of a syrup. I liked it, but I like most anything involving green tea, so I'm biased. It's a bit out of the way, but it's worth making the trip. They also serve kobe and wagyu beef, and several appetizers, all of which I would like to try. Check it out, and get the scallops!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,5/29/2010,33,27,3,7,4>Earlier in the day I had done a 14 mile hike and my lower half was toast.  After an incredible overall experience at Lotus of Siam I told my friend that I had a surprise for her.  She's a teacher and a runner so she needed this.  Not wanting to be too specific to maintain the element of surprise, I quoted her Misti's 2/22 review how this was a life changing experience for another patron.  It was 10 PM at night, my friend was pooped from her school week and training for her June marathon.  She tried to "rain check" me.  I rarely do this, but I cajoled her into going with the promise that it's not far and once we got there, if she still preferred to go home, then I won't persist and call it a night...well she could.  I was getting my tired feet and calves worked on!  We were in separate cars so I had her on the phone chatting as we pulled into the lot.  Funny, I didn't hear any mention of her feigned interest now.  WHAT!!!   Big smiles as we got out of our cars.  She seemed to be totally interested now. Hmmm...imagine that?  Big orange sign that says "Foot Massage"?  What's there NOT to love about this?It's about 10:30 now and we walk into an empty lobby but we're  not alone for long. Greeted with a smile, the gentleman asked if we were together and upon confirmation, guided us to a semi private room with dueling recliners.  There are no doors to the rooms and some of the rooms have beaded curtains with full view of the pampered patron getting worked.We take our seats and the  pleasure process begins.  The lights are dimmed, tea and a platter of cookies and assorted candies are placed between us.  The recliner is opened up to where we were laying horizontally.  I'm so tired, I want to sleep now.  My friend and I are both quite, but not  because we don't want to chat or have nothing to talk about, but because we want to fully appreciate and experience the moment.  The entire experience was WAY more than I had expected.  We chose the 1 hour experience and were really surprised by how much work we got for our money.  Our feet were placed in a bucket of warm water that was contained in a plastic bag.   The water looked brown and may have caused some questions if I had not read Misti's rockin' review in advance.  The bag is tied around my calves, kind of like the Crawfish served at  Hot N Juicy Crawfish right down the road.  Kind of creates a sauna experience for your legs and feet.  The warmth feels really good.  The Reflexologist sits above me at my head and proceeds to anoint my forehead with a very pleasant smelling ointment.  Mangoes I think.  In addition to the 14 mile hike I had done an upper body workout at the LVAC  that morning.    She worked my neck, scalp, deltoid, chest, and trapezium. My chest and delts were sore so there was some pain, but it was awesome release of tension and drainage of lactic acid..  I know, huh?  The pain was from the sore muscles and not from anything the awesome lady was doing in her efforts.  She has great strength in her hands and didn't push too hard.  Excellent touch.  That was the first 1/2 hour.  OH..WAIT!!! Almost forgot that she had me roll over onto my stomach and next thing I know she's kneeling on my back.  OH MANNNN!  I am so HAPPY right now!!!!  My lats, rhomboids and lumbar are tight and she's workin' her magic on my sore body.  Very happy right now.  She also put her knees into my glutes and hamstrings!!!  Doing the Snoopy dance from the relief I'm feeling.  Wow!  Okay, so NOW that's the completion of the first 30 minutes.Now the foot massage commences...firm fingers and thumbs applied deeply into heels, plantar facia, achilles, calves, shins and toes.  Oh MY!   I'm in heaven.  My friend is ticklish and she's giggling like a little girl over there.  So cute.  She endured and worked her way through her over sensitive body part...duly noted...hehehe.After the dream was over, we were allowed to just linger in the pleasurable aftermath.  More tea was brought and after 10 minutes in a catatonic state just sitting there with socks in hand, not wanting to move, I finally spoke, I think...maybe mumbled.  She wasn't saying or doing anything either!   Don't get it twisted... We were cooked.  I compare the moment to savoring the bouquet of a rich Cab/Merlot blend combined with a bite of Freed's German Chocolate cake.  Yah feel me?Okay, that was the BOMB!Enjoy!Chow!
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,5/28/2010,31,36,4,4,4>Vegas is known for it's off-strip chain restaurants, or over-the-top-glitzy on-strip places. For a local, this can get disheartening and exhausting. A friend suggested that a group of us go to Wayne's Sushi Bar.  Huhhh?  Wayne's Sushi Bar?  This place does not even have a sign out front, but is within the building of the Shilla BBQ (korean) on Sahara near the Palace Station. The second I walked in to this tiny, right-out-of-Gilligan's Island place, which seats no more than 20 total, I was totally endeared as Wayne greeted me from behind the sushi bar with, "Hi! What's your name?" As my party arrived, he and his wife, Heidi, spoiled us with their unique sushi style and even indulged us in a game of "Sushi Roulette"!  As the dinner continued, I noted the 3 TV screens light up with Karoke lyrics as the song books began to be passed around.  Sushi and Karaoke all rolled into one delicious maki-roll?  Gasp. Both Heidi and Wayne have amazing voices and seranaded the guests in-between service.  Microphones were passed around the tables and singers didn't even get up, which led to a sing-a-long type of experience.  It was a blast!If you are looking for a unique, warm, inviting, delicious and fun "non-Vegassy" experience, please find this place.  I'm going again soon!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,5/27/2010,12,14,4,6,4>I bowl at the South Point and have probably walked past this place 100 times. Well I finally decided to eat there. Started off with a bowl of new england clam chowder. I must say it was pretty good. Not to thick, not to runny and a good amount of clams. Had the fish n chips, made with halibut (a flatfish of the genus Hippoglossus from the family of the right-eye flounders). AWESOME!!! Best that I've had since i was in Ventura years ago. One of my friends had the pan fried oysters with pico de gallo and offered me one. It was good, but would not order myself. Overall, the service was great and the food was great/good. I will have to stop here a lil more often.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,5/26/2010,410,224,6,13,13>This review is based entirely around the Super Gyro menu item, a fully loaded gyro that happens to be the best I've had in Vegas.  When I'm giving a 5 star review, I'm basically saying that the establishment will be a repeat eat for me.  If I am craving a gyro, this is the place that I want to go.  This place is located on Fremont Street just east of Las Vegas Boulevard, so coming here when I get that craving isn't always the most convenient solution.  How good is their super gyro?  A few weekends ago my friends and I met downtown at Firefly at the Plaza.  I've never been disappointed at Firefly, and this was no exception.  However, after spending a few hours at Downtown Cocktail room (another place that I've never been disappointed) I seriously had a craving for a super gyro.  So after dropping about $20 at Firefly per person (which always leaves me satisfied as far as food portions go) I was willing to get a super gyro here.  As a comparison, the main contenders for my favorite gyro have been the Paymon's, the Greek American Grill, The Mad Greek and The Olive Mediterranean Grill.  Hands down Kabob Korner is at the top of my list, for gyros specifically.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,5/25/2010,131,136,2,5,2>We were here for a friend's birthday dinner. The venue is inviting from the moment we walked in. The host sat us at the bar, since our whole party was not yet there. The bartender was very nice, and she comped our birthday shots (which were like 10 of us at the moment). I highly recommend their Pomrock martini (This is a modified pomegranate martini). Once we sat down, our orders were taken promptly. The noise level was quiet when we arrived, and increased a bit as the restaurant became busier. It never became a problem, though.I did not order much, since I had eaten not that long prior to dinner. But my boyfriend ordered the calamari and a salad. Also, their starter breads are amazing. They offered mini muffins and scones (which were not overwhelmingly sweet). I ordered the lobster Miso soup, and my boyfriend ordered the Italian pizza. This was probably the best miso soup I have ever had, but it can also set you back $10 (considering that many restaurants offer regular miso soup for free with your meal). The Italian pizza was ok. It was not bad, but it also didn't truly justify the price. HOWEVER, one of our friends had the filet steaks (which are prime cuts). It was very tender and perfectly prepared, based on the two bites I had. The filet steak price was fairly reasonable for the food quality (as well as considering it was at the Palms Place). In case anyone is a sushi fan, they also have sushi made to order.For dessert, they brought us a plethora of items! Also, because it was a birthday dinner, they brought us two massive bowls of cotton candy. The dessert trays were amazing. And for anyone who reads my yelps, I am a big fan of dessert. For me... if a venue can offer great dessert... I AM A FAN. From the dessert tray, the cookies were so moist and delicious and the rice krispies were so light. There were other items, but of course we all have to share.To end dinner, Chef Simon actually came out and introduced himself to us. I had not had that yet at any of the 'high-end' establishments we had gone. I would come back again, and maybe try more than just the Miso soup and pizza.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,5/24/2010,199,77,5,12,7>With so many AYCE sushi places in Vegas, the wife introduced me to Blue Fin Sushi, and I think our sushi cravings have found a new home in Vegas.   The fish was of better quality in comparison with other AYCE places.  The pieces fish were chilled (not warm, like in some places we went to) and exquisitely sliced in large portions (some places do a hack job!).  I think the wife and I are purists because we tend to focus on nigiri, instead of the rolls.  This is the main reason why I will come back...the sushi rice.  The sushi rice is amazing here. It has been seasoned so well.  The texture of the short grain rice flavored with the slight hint of sushi vinegar is absolutely perfect for me.  For example, when I take a bite of the super white tuna nigiri, I first taste that slight hum of rice vinegar from the rice on my tongue.  My tastebuds then witness the sweetness and slight creamy flavor of the fish as it slowly intermingles and compliments the vinegar flavor from the rice as I chew.  The wife and I also request that certain sauces should not be poured on the nigiri, such as amaebi.  I just want to taste the rice and the fish, and chew slowly so i enjoy every bit of it. yummm.  The other stand out item to order here is the soft-shell crab appetizer.  This is probably one of the best places that this is prepared.  They use a panko coating/batter and deep fry the think.  It's like eating pork tonkatsu, except instead with a crunchy and crispy crust covering a moist and  tender soft-shell crab.  Definitely, we will be frequenting this place more often.  Plus, I still need to go back to try some Okinawan beer.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,5/23/2010,277,17,,6,5>I just took a 7pm Bikram class to this location. The studio is very well located by the Summerlin parkway buffalo exit and well decorated. The room was big but a little overcrowded... I don't know if it is always like this, It could have been the time and day. The class was really good and the staff really nice and helpful. They have a very convenient schedule with classes almost every 2 hours on the week days but unfortunately on the week ends they don't have so many. The temperature was extremely hot!! Maybe a little too hot but it could have been that I have not done Bikram in a few months due to a sprained ankle. I am definitely gonna go back there as I felt really good and focused after it!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,5/22/2010,227,166,2,3,4>OMG... I totally love this place! I am happy now that I do not have to go all the way to Chinatown for boba, but sad that they don't have more than one location.I order mostly from their milk tea menu, but sometimes get the slushies with milk too---it is not on the menu, but you can definitely order it. The fishballs are soooo good. I ordered them not spicy, but they still have somewhat of a tang to them.The staff is friendly and their service is speedy, but it depends on how many people are there. I have never found this place empty!You gotta go here!Note: Don't forget to get a stamp card! 10 stamps and you a get free boba! :)
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,5/21/2010,17,94,10,28,17>I had to get a deep cleaning and a couple fillings done. Dr. Tran consulted me prior when I was pregnant and I decided to return for the job. He and his staff were awesome. He is very careful in what he is doing and makes sure that you will feel no unbearable pain. The office is new and the equipment is great. They have a small camera that they use to take close-up pictures from your teeth inside your mouth. I thought it was neat as you could see in much better detail how good/bad your tooth is. He is very professional in every sense and worth the extra mile it takes to get to the office.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/29/2010,5/20/2010,295,89,10,8,11>As with all good Las Vegas bars you should never be judged by your 8pm to 2pm hours...no...you need to know where the real drunks go. The hopeless helpless bastards that stare longingly into drink and remember the better days, the happier times, the girl in Bangcock who did something to their anus they never thought they would like...and now they can't find anyone to do again. So, a few weeks ago while back out west on...um...well...let's call it business...I was in the bar at 4:30am and stated until about noon. The perfect time to be in a great bar. With Mcmullan's it was more of the same...some great...some not so great. Great...the overnight bartenders are way better than the prissy little punks who work during the day...one in particular who worries more about his hair than anything else. Great...the food is excellent for a pub at any time of day or night, and quite frankly...it was better at 5am. Of course I was coming down off of paint fumes, gas fumes, turpentine and a pill someone told me would turn me into a donkey, but all i kept seeing was Buddy Epson everywhere. Strange. Great...amazing soccer matches were on and the fans seemed really fanatical to be there at 5am watching their teams. The bad...the music is horrible beyond horrible. It is a tape, I guess, and it is all bad from start to finish. The Irish are known for bad music...Bono, Riverdancers, Charlotte Church, etc... but this is America...we love good bar music! The bad...they kept fiddling with the lights. We wanted it dark, the bartender wanted it brighter...she won. Well, when she pays for the drinks and the food she can have it anyway she wants. Until then...we pay, she does. Period. The place is still uneven and far from its former glory...but they make money and people are always there...so I guess they figure adequate and decent are good enough...mores the pity.
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,5/19/2010,86,54,3,6,5>Went there yesterday for a quick peek on the new boba store. It's interior is simple, modernistic, and clean which is always a plus for me. Their menu have rice combo that is to die for, varieties of ice cream flavor, and of course, boba drinks. :)I spoke with the boss and he told me everything on the menu are high quality and self selected by him (and his wife). Obviously he wants everything on the menu to surpass the rest of the other competitive stores out there. So skimming through the boba list, I decided to try the taro smoothie and several different types of ice cream. And I've got to say, he's right. Not only was the smoothie taste just right but you can really tell that it's not artificial taro flavor (I know because I drank so many taro smoothies that I know which one taste good and which is bad :P). The same with their ice cream! Omgg, I can really find myself to be a regular when summer arrives. Their creamy dessert makes me feel like a giddy child when I savor their delicious creation and I'm not even a fan of ice cream! Mmm I can feel my day become all better already just by thinking of it. :)So overall, from my personal experience, I'll say you'll get your money worth when you come Boba City.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,5/18/2010,48,141,3,8,4>We went to this epic "flea market"/swap meet. It is HUGE, spend the day there, its a great people watching spot!This was the first time I have ever been to a "swap meet" so I am not sure what the difference is- between a swap and a flea...I felt like I was in Mexico! We were LOVING IT!We got some fresh roasted peanuts(still warm) and some interesting  coconut concoction. First the coconut juice and then they take the "meat" insides & they chop it up. You add the lemon and lime juice, hot sauce, some salt and some crunchies to it..wow flavor explosion!We wandered around and saw a live pony carousel(old school)  and some guy with a live monkey that takes your quarters...very strange. There was some live music playing, lots of birds and weird pets for sale, you could buy some land in the desert for cheep, Giant Pots for cooking stuff in, some antiques, and some cars for sale too.Overall, GREAT! its about a two mile walk around the whole space so wear your walking shoes and be prepared to spend the day!$1.00 on sat, $1.50 on sunday. can't beat it!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,5/16/2010,69,34,1,3,3>The omelets are HUGE!! If I'd known this I probably would have gotten the "baby" size which I'm sure is still gigantic.I had the popeye omelette which has spinach, mushrooms, jack cheese, and I added bacon. Then they give you the option of pumpkin bread or toast. I had the pumpkin bread which came out first, steaming hot with a side of butter. very good! Overall, this place is a fun breakfast spot to check out. Kinda hole-in-the-wall, country diner feel, but tasty! The only disappointment was weak coffee, and we'd been up since 6:30, so I needed it.I went with my boyfriend and his two little ones (2 and 4) and the service staff was very friendly to the kids and accommodating to their needs.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,5/15/2010,33,26,2,3,3>The concept of AYCE Sushi is new to me moving here to Vegas.  At first it sounds too good to be true, followed by a sneaking suspicition of poor quality and limited selection.Not at Island Sushi! For $20.99 at lunch ($24.95 for dinner), you get a large selection of rolls, nigiri, appetizers, and even desserts.  I mostly avoided the apps (ordered a miso soup and edamame), and stuck with the nigiri.  The fish was fresh and tasty, and the quality was just as good for the most part of some of the fancier sushi joints I have tried around the country.  If you come hungry, you definitely get you money's worth without sacrificing quality.The atmosphere leaves a bit to be desired, as its in a strip mall and seating area is just cheap tables and chairs.  If you want a fancy dining experience, this is not the place.  I was by myself for lunch and the sushi bar has a small flatscreen TV to watch while I stuffed myself.  They also do quite a few happy hour type specials on rolls and sake bombs throughout the week if you aren't in the AYCE mood.  For your non-raw fish eating friends, the other half of the restrauant has a pretty extensive cooked Hawaiian menu.  However, I don't forsee myself trying that anytime soon.  The sushi deal here is just too good!  Just remember to save some room for that 808 Special dessert!
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,5/14/2010,76,104,3,4,4>There are three parts to a burger - the meat, the bun, and the fixings. Bachi Burger nailed them all. I ordered the Kalbi Burger, Salt and Pepper Fries, and Green Milk Tea Boba for lunch. In a word, it was a taste treat.The meat was glazed with a sweet (I want to say BBQ) sauce that penetrated the surface and made it into each bite. The bread was soft, with a nice crust. Easy to get a grip on your burger. The fixings were unique. Spicy, pickled cucumbers and cabbage. It was an unexpected flavor, but it tasted great.The fries were great as well. Golden brown and seasoned perfectly. It came with a sauce that complemented the fries perfectly.I spoke with Guy (owner) and found out that they had only been open for about two weeks. Not bad! The place was busy for a Monday at 1pm. I look forward to bringing my out-of-town friends to this place.
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,5/13/2010,222,164,3,6,3>This is my first time at Lola's and probably one of my few southern style restaurants, but I enjoyed my experience there.  It had a very cozy ambience with friendly service.  Oh and how cute!  Lola actually picked up the phone to take my reservation!  Here's the spotlight on the food =)1.  Charbroiled Oysters - "Fresh Oysters charbroiled the Cresent City way, with lots of garlic, lemon and a blend of cheeses."  Usually I shy away from any cooked type of half shell oysters suspicious that it is the stuff that they're trying to hide the unfreshness of with cooking it.  However, I was pleasantly surprised with my favorite robust flavors of garlic and cheese and the lovely toasted slices of french bread2.  Crab Cakes - "Lump Crab in Lola's special blend of spices, pan fried and served w/Lemon-garlic Aioli."  This is not the usual crab cake you'd expect.  It seems to be 99% crab meat.  Not crispy but very crab meaty.3. Fried Oyster Po Boy on New Orlean's French Bread fully dressed, meaning that it comes with all the slaw glory.  I love po boys!  I enjoyed the deep fried goodness of the oyster with the slaw a bam of hot sauce.  bam bam!4.  Jambalaya with chicken, sausage and shrimp - fluffy flavorful rice 5.  Etouffee - a cross between a roast and a gumbo.  GravyliciousDessert!1.  Louisiana chocolate sheath cake - the cake was very light but every bite was a chocolate dream.  We made it a la mode with praline icecream and it was perfect!2.  Bananas Foster - loved the flavor, but hated the mushiness.  I've had others where it was not so mushy.Conclusion:  All the flavors were excellent.  One southern style food restaurant under my belt.  Woot.  p.s.  Keep in mind portion sizes are more realistic rather than humongous American portions sizes.  Expect well prepared food vs.  over compensation with size.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,5/12/2010,7,19,3,3,4>Nem Nuong Cuon (pork springrolls) and Chao Tom Cuon (shrimp spring rolls) are the best in town !  I don't know of any other place that makes it like this in the Vegas area.  The sauce that comes with it is a perfect fit .  Their  Bun Bo Hue is good, but I have a hard time grabbing the thicker noodles.  They tend to slip out of my chopsticks and fall back into the delicious broth, which splashes up and hits me in the face, haha.  Yes... it will happen to you.       Great small place, so come early if you want to avoid crowds during the weekend.***** CASH ONLY *****
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,5/11/2010,72,48,3,6,4>I love a good restaurant with that homey mom&pop feel to it. I know that Chicken Bonz is a franchise with another location across town (Sunset and Decatur), but this place definitely felt like a home away from home for  the bustling crowd of guests crammed in the tiny restaurant's eating space. Everyone seemed to know each other, the staff was friendly and remembered you by your face and not your order, and the food was fantastic as well.  Not to mention that they have a standing special of all you can eat chicken wings for $11.99 and all you can eat boneless chicken wings on Mondays (or Tuesdays..? Pardon my poor memory).I went to this place with my teenage cousins and teenage brother and found it to be exactly the kind of place that a bunch of teenagers from the Green Valley HS area would frequent on a weekly basis. I don't blame them either.  For the price, the food is plentiful, tasty, and creative.  Not to mention that the actual chicken wings looked like they came from chickens that weight lifted and did steroids. Those things were huge! Four pieces usually don't mean a lot of meat for one person, but even for someone with practiced hearty appetite like myself, those four pieces filled me fine and dandy. Also, in case anyone was wondering, the chili cheese were great! The chili is mighty flavorful and the fries are crispy and almost shoestring-like. As a self-proclaimed fanatic of anything chili-cheesed, these rank pretty high on my list. If you're not in the mood for chicken limbs, I'd say these would be a great alternative.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,5/10/2010,79,72,6,4,2>In general I rank Casinos by the quality of the toilet tissue they have in their restroom. Personally I think that is a great way to see how much they'll spend on making a possible customer feel good. Other than that "Eastside Can" as I have nick named it, is great. 100x odds on craps is amazing, and you can even midround enter at the blackjack so I wouldn't be surprised if there are some blackjack groups working the system with a big player, flat betteors, and a huge number of signals a la "21". I think the food is good. The onion rings at the 24hour cafe are the best I've had at any casino, and Carve is decent as well. Now I haven't really aten at their deli (except for the monday night football deals which are good btw), italian, or mexican restaurants, but really it's not hard to make pasta, burritos, or a sandwich. On the whole I think this is by far one of the best locals places in the city. Sans movie theatre...but they did host a film festival!
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,5/9/2010,44,38,4,4,4>I went to this location a few days ago, and was pleasantly surprised. I've been to a few hookah places before, and it can be dirty, overpriced, hokey, or just off. The decor inside is warm and welcoming. It has beautiful gold Moroccan style lamps overhead and an eclectic mix of furniture and stools next to the booths. It reminded me of  place i'd see in NYC, kind of boho-chic-eclectic. It was dark and welcoming. My friend ordered the iced hookah and I believe we had the jasmine-mint. The waitress was attentive and came around with the different flavors in these little intricate silver boxes, and the hookah was awesome. We came during happy hour, so it was cheaper and oh so relaxing. I'd recommend it if you just want to relax and let go and simmer down from the day.  Definitely something unexpected, but very pleasant.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2010,5/8/2010,7,18,3,3,3>Stopped by an old favorite last night: Tofu Hut on Spring Mountain (just east of Harbor Palace on other side). I was craving for some hot tofy soup with seafood, but noticed a huge sign in the window advertising their all you can eat bbq for $16.99. The wife and I had to have it! We'd been craving for korean bbq, but never got around to it. Well, we were impressed! The amount of food provided was great. We like to share and we ordered half portions of about everything: bulgogi (deliciously marinated), marinated pork belly (like bacon but better), beef tongue (tin slices of beef carpacio), squid (bit too chewy for me), rib eye and short ribs. All this came with rice, a huge bowl of a very tasty salad en the usual assortment of kimchee and other interesting stuff. It all tasted great and goes well with a big bottle of Hite beer. Why does korean bbq go so well with beer? Forgot to mention they also offer steamed egg and tofu soup (one serving only).And my check came to $44 for both! Areyou kidding me, this is the best value in town. Love this place. Ate soo muich meat, I am now awake at 3am... need to eat more meat more regurarly and get used to it again...
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,5/7/2010,168,368,1,7,4>My husband found this place in the 89148 local magazine. We're all about trying new restaurants at least once, once if we don't like it and if we like it, we return! And we will definitely be back to Lazy Joe's!*Mine: Bay Scallops includes: 8 Fried Bay Scallops, Fries, Cole Slaw & Hush Puppies*The Kid: Chicken & Fish Combo includes: Fries, Cole Slaw & Hush Puppies*The Husband: Super Combo- 1 Fish, 2 Shrimp, 2 Oysters, 2 Scallops, 2 Clams, Fries & Cole slawFood was really good! Fries are seasoned and very tasty! Son's chicken & fish was moist and full of flavor. Husband said that his platter was good and mentioned that his oysters tasted "Clean". Anyone that eats oysters knows what that refers to! The breading wasn't thick but very tasty. I loved the scallops, they were cooked perfectly but the only thing that I suggest is to eat them as quickly as you can, try to not let them sit too long. The characteristic of scallops is that they are really juicy, so if you let them sit there for too long, the juices from the scallops will start to leak out and they start to become soggy. That's the nature of the scallops, nothing to do with the restaurant.Decor was very cute! And the staff is so nice. The owner, Joe, talked to us and was super friendly. Definitely returning!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,5/6/2010,142,120,5,9,6>This place is so much fun and laid-back, I absolutely adore it. You feel like you're actually in another country for awhile. The decor totally sets the mood with the wooden benches and tables that have writing all over them. Very fun. But the food at a practical steal is why I always keep coming back here. During happy hour for UNLV/CSN students from 5-7 PM and 10-11 PM, you can get 4 classic tacos, 2 sides, and a can of soda for $5. Otherwise, this combo is $7.25 which is still a great deal because by the end of your meal they should guarantee that your button will pop off your pants or you get it free. I didn't even finish one of my tacos and I still felt like I wanted to die, but in a good way. I am getting full just thinking about it.I went with my boyfriend who also got the combo, his with meat and I went veg of course. I got three veggie tacos off of the classic menu, and then paid 50 cents extra for my last taco to be a Tofu Adobo taco. Unfortunately I can't tell you what was in the latter taco because I devoured it so damn fast. But the other veggie tacos are always made fresh and to perfection. Onion, peppers, zucchini with some crazy orange sauce that gives it a little kick. SO good. Unfortunately my sweet potato fries were a bit lacking on this visit, but the black beans with onion and garlic are always delicious. As I was perusing the menu with my honey, I noticed that they had something amazing at the bottom: homemade flan. I grew up on my grandfather's flan so I had to have it. Let's just say this wasn't my grandpa's flan. It had seeds on the top, and came with chips. Strange, but it was love at first bite. Order that with a Mexican Coke and you will have sugar rush like no other. You'll also probably want to throw up in the parking lot for the amount of food eaten, but I tell you it will be worth it. This place is very casual, the service is always good, and the food is beyond delicious. Of course sometimes the tacos are hit or miss, so I suggest to get 4 completely different ones with your meal and see which ones you like. But this place gets 5 stars because it's a comfortable experience at a great price, you get a ton of good (veg*n friendly!) food and hell - they recycle! Come in on a night when they have live bands playing and it is a total blast.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,5/5/2010,1067,193,3,7,5>Once you live in Vegas.  After awhile the Strip gets tired and who wants to deal with the traffic if your driving!  I still love the nightlife and energy on the strip once in awhile.  But like most locals we prefer to stay away unless you work around there. The M (Marnell) Resort is like my go-to spot for great restaurants/buffet and overall a great place to hang-out and chill to watch sports and play poker.  The Marnell family created and used to own the Rio, which back in the days was known for their overall great service and Village Seafood Buffet, but since they sold it to the Harrah's Corp, it's gone downhill.  Anyways that's a whole another story and review.Sportsbook:  Live-in game betting for NFL games.  Great selection of TV's around the area showing the featured games.  The Vig Deli next door has decent food for under $10.  My favorite is the spaghetti and meatballs.Poker room:  Very relaxing and not really noisy relatively speaking.  Great dealers...comfortable chairs...low limits...primarily 1/2 NL or 3/6 Limit.  Veloce Cibo on the 16th floor has an awesome view of the strip and quality seafood/sushi.  Great place to take friends and family from out of town visiting away from the strip. Overall great atmosphere.  Everybody working there are friendly and helpful.  Beautiful cocktail ladies.  They even have non-smoking gaming areas.  What other casino you know has that option?  When you walk around it doesn't really smell like cigarette smoke which I hate.  Much props to the Marnells for doing a great job with air circulation and the lighting.  I've been told the employees are held to a zero tolerance policy....if they're rude to a guest than they're terminated.  If you're not knowing next time you visit Vegas, if you don't mind renting a car to get around.....seriously consider staying at the M.  Top-notch amenities and certainly the best value!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,5/4/2010,887,1183,,5,3>As a local, it takes a lot to get me to the strip just to eat a meal, even if it is at a steakhouse that's supposedly one of the best in Vegas.  We've got tons of them.  But when I heard that Boa was having their 5 year anniversary and were offering 50% off their entire menu, I had to go try it.  Boy am I glad I did.From the moment my girlfriend and I walked in, we were treated to fantastic service.  A manager passed us and greeted us, and even though it was odd that we didn't get menus when we sat down, they arrived shortly.We started with the fritto misto, which is a calamari and artichoke dish.  My girlfriend loves artichokes, so she was very disappointed when it arrived and there were only two pieces in all of the calamari.  I asked our waitress Winnie if this was normal, and she said it was.  She explained the dish further to me and told us next time we could request extra artichokes.  Then two minutes later she came back with a bowl of artichokes for us, as she said my girlfriend's face looked like her dog had died when she found out the lack of artichoke was normal.  That was awesome of her.For our main course, I took the waitress's recommendation of the rib eye, and my girlfriend had the prawns.  Neither of us were disappointed.  Her prawns were big and had a great flavor to them.  My steak was prepared to perfection... probably the best rib eye I've ever eaten.  I didn't even need the sauce I had ordered.We were stuffed when Winne brought the dessert menu, but we looked it over anyways.  Chocolate filled donut holes with two dipping sauces?  How do we say no to that.  Let's just say we were overstuffed when we left.Our entire bill pre-discount was $102, so $51.  Oh how I wish it was always $51 for this meal.  Worth it at $102, but probably going to save my pennies and hope they run this promotion at their 6 year anniversal.  Well done, Boa.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2010,5/3/2010,135,78,2,5,4>Since I'm lactose intolerant, I had to avoid the Mac N Cheese. but I was pleasantly surprised to find a few healthy options.  Mac Shack has three salads and two soups to choose from and a build your own pasta option that all combine to meet the demands of even the pickiest of eaters.I opted for the Spinach Salad that comes with walnuts, thinly sliced red onions and pears, not the greatest for your breath but certainly the right blend of crisp and crunchy.  It even comes with a mini-muffin that was both soft and buttery.  As for my pasta I went with the Red Rigatoni that was topped off with meatballs, sausage, and roasted red peppers.  I did enjoy the meatballs and sausage where were more than I expected with such an affordable dish.  This is a great place if you have a hankering for some quick pasta and maybe a salad but are crunched for time.  The service was friendly and attentive and the food came out fast and tasty.  I'll give it three stars for you can enjoy yourself and even add a glass of wine with fast food Italian, but it certainly isn't the place to go if you're seeking a gourmet Italian experience.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2009,5/2/2010,1564,634,6,11,11>We love the Water Street District in Henderson. Old School Nevada small casinos and Great Food with Great Service.We enjoyed a hearty meal with salad bar and drinks for under $40. There is no long wait to be seated like at some of the other establishments in the area.The porterhouse was cooked perfectly and was so tender. I love it when they charbroil my MEat!! I've paid $0-$50 for a steak and they were no more impressive.The salad bar is small with just a few items but its fresh and does the trick. If your looking to get out and enjoy a quiet meal TRY DOWNTOWN HENDERSON.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/10/2010,5/1/2010,464,819,2,5,2>I love just about anything with lobster. Lobster bisque, lobster pot pie, grilled lobster, lobster mac & cheese, lobster ravioli, lobster salad... if it's got lobster, chances are I'm going to like it. In a way, it's kind of like bacon. You can add it to just about anything and it instantly makes a dish better. So, when I heard Not Your Average Deli had lobster rolls I was excited to try one. Now, I'm not talking about lobster 'sushi' rolls... I'm talking about a sandwich roll filled with a lobster/mayonnaise mixture. I've never had a true New England lobster roll but have had a few in Maryland so I had a little bit of an idea of what to expect.NYAD is located on Sunset just north of the 215 and off of Decatur in the same strip mall as Phat Phrank's. It's a small space that has few decorations except for a few nets with lobsters lining the walls and a few pictures. It definitely has that New England vibe in a sort of minimalist way.As for the food... well, the lobster roll was very tasty but it was a little smaller than what I expected. For $11.99 I was hoping for a large sandwich overflowing with lobster. Instead I got what amounted to a 5 or 6 inch sub with a decent, but not mind-blowing, amount of lobster. I devoured it in a couple minutes and it still left me hungry. It's also served with fries (which were delicious) and cole slaw.They do get extra points for making a half sandwich for my son (for $3.59) even though they don't have a kids menu. They were more than happy to accommodate him instead of forcing me to buy a whole sandwich for him. His ham and cheese was really good -- sliced ham with american cheese on wheat bread that was grilled.I would definitely consider coming back to try other sandwiches or even have the lobster roll again. But for that price it's not something I would do often, just when I'm in need of  a lobster sandwich fix.3.5 stars
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,4/30/2010,258,295,3,3,3>I have to say this place makes some delish food. I ordered takeout, and it was a good thing too. The few tables they had in the dining room were all taken. I had the pork pad see ew and the Thai fried rice. I was a little disappointed that the pad see ew had regular broccoli instead of Chinese broccoli, but the taste made up for it. The Thai fried rice was out of this world. Hands down the best fried rice I've eaten in Vegas. It had lots of basil and was spiced perfectly. The portions were also quite generous, even though they were lunch specials. I will order from this place again for sure. They are less expensive than some of the close by Thai restaurants, but equally as good if not better..
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,4/29/2010,33,144,,3,2>I want the bus boy Ulysses and my server oops forgot his name, to be there always. I'll pay em... This place rocks. The decor is lovely. The music is great and the initial salsa they provide is hot! Or I'm just really white.For one I didn't order Margaritas and just focused on the food. I had Chipotle Chicken and it was the best. Superb. And though they were busy the bus boy made sure I was happy. Thank YOU!A friend recommended this place to me and now I recommend it you!You will love this place.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,4/28/2010,390,337,4,5,6>If you decide to dine here, get a window seat, it's actually very peaceful with all of the plant life.That said, we were about to see a show tonight, so we were unfortunately pressed for time.  The waitstaff took that into consideration, and made sure we were fed and out the door with time to spare.  That's not to say they rushed us.  Oh, no!  They took care of us, with no pressure, but just balanced it out with being highly efficient, to the point, and considerate.  That alone sets off the "Win Meter" in my book.But then they had to go off and have awesome food.  We chose sandwiches and soup fare based off their recommendations, and.... The baked potato soup?  Oh, freaking wow.  That was delicious, and if you don't order this, you're crazy for missing out.  I also had the chicken finger appetizer, and again, great.  My girl had the hot open faced turkey sandwich, and it went three for three.My only regret was that were in a hurry and had to gobble and go.  I'm definitely going to have to go back, so I can sit back, enjoy the food, try some more items (the soup's making a comeback, I guarantee you that), and just appreciate some solid service that looks out for you.Raffles Cafe, you have a new friend in me (as long as you have that soup, but I'd still send you a Christmas card otherwise for being so cool).
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2010,4/27/2010,166,232,4,4,4>3-Stars and that's just for the deep-fried Oreos (the twinkie is ok) but the Oreos are a steal at 3 for a buck! Waited in line for the first time yesterday when I took my dad and his girlfriend who were in town visiting. Nothing bad to say about the Oreos (when they are willing to make them for you). One time the guy told me to come back in 45 minutes, I came back and it was a different guy (shift change) and he told me it would be 30 minutes!I feel for them in a weird way working in this dump of a place but come on... you got a great opportunity to make some decent tips with a friendly and outgoing demeanor. Especially with the number of people that go through there just to try the twinkies and oreos. The staff yesterday was ok. One girl was pretty friendly and kind but the other girl seemed mad at the world.Also as mentioned in another review... the so called Nathan's hot dogs didn't taste like any Nathans brand hotdog I have ever had but for 99cents its not bad. They should just stop advertising it as Nathans (no point if they are that cheap anyway). The casino itself is dirty, smelly, filled with some miserable looking people and employees, and in a strange way somewhat enjoyable.....but maybe thats the Oreos talking.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,4/26/2010,439,357,2,7,4>What can I say.... it's like attending your very own Rachel Ray or Emeril cooking show without having to travel outside of Las Vegas! And the best part..... after you sample some awesome food and even better drink, they let you loose in the Studio B buffet! Let me say that again.... AFTER THE SHOW THEY LET YOU LOOSE IN THE STUIDO B BUFFET! To eat and drink until you fall over. I mean, are there any places left in Vegas that offer a meal and a show anymore?
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,4/25/2010,765,431,4,3,3>It's no secret that I love sandwiches. This place is by my house and I figured I'd stop in one afternoon to grab a bite.I parked my car, and brought in a big bag of hunger (my gut). An older guy greets me and asks me what kind of food I like. I tell him all of my likes and dislikes. As I'm looking over the menu, this dude starts telling me about where they get their meats, cheeses and chips. Then he mentioned the Philly style hard rolls and I nearly fell to my knees in appreciation.  Come down here and grab a sandwich with the hard roll. No whimpy soft bread that turns into mush.Also, if you order sausage in your sandwich, you can rest assured that it was handmade fresh, old east coast style. Also, your hot sandwiches come with the appropriate dipping au jus. I'd drop an eff bomb, but it'd be inappropriate, but it was FREAKING amazing.Also, you can get phenom Tastykakes and Wise chips here. ULTIMATELY, you will get a killer sandwich, and there is always someone to talk to you about great food. It reminds me of some of the great east-coast style sandwiches that I had in Los Angeles (Bay Cities among those). Worth the trip.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,4/22/2010,62,93,8,9,5>This place continues to be my at-least-weekly sushi spot.Two weeks ago, on a Tuesday, they shut down the restaurant for the day.  I have gotten to know the sushi chefs there, so when I asked them what happened, they told me that it was because they received a shipment of sub-par tuna that day.  Since so many customers order tuna on any given day (rolls, spicy tuna, etc), they decided it was best to just close for the day rather than try and salvage some of the bad tuna.That is the definition of integrity.  I don't know any other sushi restaurant in town that would sacrifice a day of revenue because of a situation like that.  Definitely not Sushi-Mon or any of the Korean run sushi restaurants in town - no way.  I think that speaks highly of the owner and the importance he puts on consistently serving only the highest quality fish.Other than that, I don't have much of an update.  I continue to order many of my favs I've written about in the past including GT-R roll, hamachi, aji, ika ten.  Lately, they have also been getting in some really fresh moi from Hawaii.  Also, since my last review I have been served some very good uni - as good as any I've had at other places.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,4/20/2010,136,413,,5,4>I want something other than the Omelet House and Jamm's to run to for breakfast, and I decided to finally try out the Cracked Egg.  Located in a small business center, this breakfast place is busy and we had to wait for a few minutes to grab a table.  When you walk in, it's a typical breakfast diner setting with interesting trinkets and artwork around.  The menu is nice and simple and the service is great.I ordered a denver omelette and my husband grabbed corned beef hash and eggs.  We had to try their muffin cake thing, and it was goood.  I know they microwave it to heat it up, but it still tastes pretty awesome.  As for the breakfast items, they were not greasy, nice and hot, and very yummy.  Everything was seasoned well and cooked perfectly.I've yet to eat lunch here or try anything else on the menu, but once I do I'll be sure to update my review.If you want a nice, quick breakfast for a reasonable price--and a great dessert cake muffin to start--grab a quick eat at this place.  it's worth the trip.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,4/19/2010,126,151,2,4,4>If you are (for some reason like the DMV) in this area, hungry or not, stop in. Even if you are just on the North end of town, stop in. Or if you are an enthusiast on family owned, cute, mom and pop businesses where mom makes the Baklava (and probably everything else) herself!Love this place as much for the food as for the people. Very personable Greek couple who just own a Greek cafe and Bagel place. So much fun to talk to and if you have time on a slow afternoon to sit and chat I would say go for it.The gyro sandwich is probably the biggest I have had, and good flavor. Not the best I have had, but a very close runner up. The pita bread is the real winner, soft but oh so good.They also serve seasoned fries alongside-tasty. BAKLAVA!! BAKLAVA!! Pistachio AND walnut. We took home three of each and definitely the best baklava I have ever eaten. I'm no expert on it, but loved them both.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,4/18/2010,157,342,,2,3>The Downtown Cocktail Room is 100% my style.  I don't care what you want to call them: bar, club, lounge, speakeasy; when I go out to these places I want only a few things.  1. Good Drinks - DCR delivers a menu of signature cocktails and old favs that are rotated seasonally.2. Good music - DJ this Saturday was cranking them out the entire time, however, the music was low enough to hold a conversation over.3. Efficient Service - The waitresses were on top of our entire group throughout the evening.The bottom line is the DCR delivered on all fronts and gives me a personal favorite hangout spot downtown.  Don't forget to check out the bathrooms as Suzie mentioned; they're neat.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/22/2009,4/15/2010,293,585,5,2,3>Garlic garlic garlic! Holy garlic! I smelled of garlic for 3 days after I had a pound of crawfish here. Once I got the house special sauce the next time I got the cajun boil. Either way I freakin' smelled of garlic for days.I can eat pretty spicy stuff but anything over the medium here... is FIRE to me. Expect to drink a lot of water or beer with your meal. When it's that spicy, your tongue just dies and there's nothing subtle to pick up about flavors, it's just pain.Service was very average. It might as well have been a server from a casino buffet giving us our drinks. Don't expect much from the atmosphere either. There ain't nothing pretty about this place.Though it's not a place to come for amazing food or service, I still come back occasionally because I find myself craving the salt and the garlic. :)
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,4/14/2010,124,57,3,6,5>These guys made our night, 4 courses for 13.95. The service is just remarkably slow but the guy was really nice. Oh well take the good with the bad. The Curry (yellow) was so freakin good the next day it was even better (the guy forgot to put the rest of my rice in with my left overs). OK there are two glowing blight's on this review yet I am still giving them 5 stars. Why you ask 1. Food is just that good. 2. Food is just that cheap. 3. So maybe you will read this review and eat here because they aren't very busy and I'm afraid they will close. 4. Yelp doesn't have half stars. 5. Oh did I mention super cheap lunch? P.S. BYOB
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2010,4/11/2010,203,164,7,6,8>EVOO done in a hundred delectable ways. This is my new favorite restaurant in Las Vegas. I know! That's a hard stamp to lick but here's why I love Nora's Wine Bar and Osteria. Nora indulges in the Italian culture. It plays to an older crowd. A more sophisticated crowd that's slightly more pretentious than Nora's Cuisine. But that's OK because this is a place where you can take a date or your visiting folks and be proud. The wine selection is top notch and you can even do tastings at the enomatic bar. Their homemade bread is served with 3 different olive oils, and 3 different sea salts. Seriously, they had me at the salt at this point and the food was free so far. The Salish Alderwood smoked sea salt was so good I had to buy a bottle on the way out.  Their Bruschette are just to die for. My favorite is the Eggplant caponata.  Pair that with the cheese selection and I'm already feeling stuffed at the Primi.  We ordered the a traditional pasta dish but it was slightly salty.I couldn't even make it to the desert which I'm sure will be divine. Then again, McDonald's 99c soft serve was calling my name in the next door plaza.If I love Nora's anymore than this, I'll name my next child after the restaurant. Next visit: Choose another bottle, go down the list of small bites, skip the main and order desert.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,4/10/2010,4974,721,5,9,8>Love the old school Vegas vibe of this place.  It's like someone could get whacked at anytime here...in a good way!!Went with the house specialty, osso buco and loved every tender bit of it!  Too bad you can't order extra marrow on the side.  I feel guilty eating veal for about 30 seconds and get over it.  The cocktail lounge is awesome.  This would definitely be the place to get a martini.  Too bad for me I go looney after 3 and wanted to remember this meal.  They had a duet cranking out all the oldies which really took you back to a different time in Vegas.  Good stuff.  I'll still reserve Ferraro's as the best Italian place I've been to in LV but the ambiance and food really make this place one of a kind around here.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2010,4/9/2010,363,113,6,9,6>I have only eaten at LOS once. I've heard so many people rave about this place! My coworker is thai mix and has told me their "jackfruit (which is pounded) dish" taste JUST LIKE HER MOMS dish! I did try it. I liked it even though I couldn't make out the taste. It is very hard to explain. Of course I just "taste" I need to get my own lol! I mean I'm not going to just take a whole scoop off her plate. I'll definitely be back! There's so many specialty dishes to try. I like how their menus are sectioned off to regions. Never been to a Thai restaurant like that. Originally , we went to LOS for their lunch buffet. My coworkers and I arrived there before it opened. People were already waiting! Once we sat down, it was just getting crowded. You could tell most of the patrons were on their lunch break. If I remembered correctly, it was $7.99? Well, I was less than $10 bucks. I thought that was a deal!
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,4/8/2010,263,168,8,13,11>I have not stayed or would not recommend anyone to stay at the hotel. However, Aruba Hotel is definitely a hidden joint where you can just hang out with friends and meet unique people at their lounge areas. I have been to their drum circle events at the Club Aruba. There are a lot of "spiritual" and sometimes off the wall hippies that roams around and dance to their inner spirits. Entertaining but sometimes a little too much, but appreciatively fun!My favorite which this review only applies to is....swing dancing! Yes!!  Before, I never experienced swing dancing until one night after getting tired of seeing all of the drum circle chanting and everyone just being so freely spiritual....so we went to the next lounge called the Thunderbird Lounge in the Aruba and there we found awesome 50's music and people swing dancing to the tunes.  I love to dance but I don't like dancing with others because I don't like to be touched. Watching the swing dancers looked so amazing and fun.  After smiling and watching to a few songs, I noticed an overweight older man in his 60's get up from his table where he sat by himself and walked towards my way.  I was a little petrified, but he respectfully came up to me and was such a gentleman and said, "Lady, may I have this dance?" I felt like I was in the 50's and very timid! I told him that I do not know how to swing dance at all. He assured me that it was okay and he will teach me. So, I trusted his sense of kindness, respect and danced with the fellow.WOW!!! I had one of the best times of my life dancing. He taught me and I just went with it. I messed up a little but it was so fun and although there was physical contact; I did not feel uncomfortable or groped at all which was great! It was pure dancing in a non sexual way and all in fun! Then, people would switch partners in the midst of the song which was really interesting! Again, none of the gentlemen that I danced with that night made me feel uncomfortable at all.The best thing which I have to try is that on Fridays and Sundays at 6pm, they have FREE swing dancing lessons for 2 hours and the rest of the evening is just PURE and FUN swing dancing! I am going to try the lessons and swing dance the night away so I don't step on anyone's feet next time!
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,4/7/2010,178,81,1,9,6>Excellent. Excellent. Excellent.This little gem of a restaurant is nothing short of perfection.An authentic and oh so very fresh (they make their own pasta!) Italian cuisine where every dish comes with a personal touch.Service is wonderful and very personable (see Pam, she's great and treats you like you've always been a part of her Italian family).They don't lie either --their Antipasto salad is and I quote "the BEST. ANYWHERE".  Order a small because their meaning of small is LARGE :) Pasta is exquisite (try the Baked Pasta Fazoletti) and top off your meal with wine from their wonderful selection (try a bottle from the Sinatra Family or their Moscato D'Asti-Risata) and couple it with the ever so delicious dessert-- TIRAMISU and Cannoli ---it'll make you salivate for days and you feel like you've died and gone to food heaven.The atmosphere is great--it makes you feel like you've walked into the home of Chef Marc himself to enjoy one of the best Italian meals ever.  They even have the option to take home some of their home made fresh pasta to use for your own cooking pleasure.Once you visit you'll be telling everyone what a great restaurant you've just discovered that it'll make you feel like a local :)
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,4/6/2010,693,1125,6,8,8>I was very pleased with the cupcakes here.First off, I am not normally a buttercream person- I usually am all about the cream cheese frosting (makes sense since my fave cupcakes is Red Velvet or  Carrot). Here, the buttercream was great- it was thick...I do not like soft frosting that is closer to the consistency of whipped cream. The frosting was enjoyable. We got brownie sundae, a red carpet, hopscotch and maple bacon. All were good flavors, but hopscotch was my favorite one. Second was the red carpet which I thought I might not like...not really into many almond flavored things since its usually artificial flavoring taste and red velvet is my favorite and I just cant get into the idea of red cake minus my yummy cream cheese frosting but this was yummy.Will be coming back. Definitely one of the best cupcake spots in town and this one is just a few blocks down from my house! YAY!_______________________UPDATE:Simple update....I'm glad to have "converted" some people over and that this was featured as my ROTD put a little light to a good bakery.I went today again....and it was as scrumptious in other flavors as its star flavors. Some places have just some stars to offer and some okay other flavors. I don't think any flavor can disappoint. We're gonna be regulars. I still can't decide if being 2 minutes away from the house is a good or bad thing. Haha.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,4/5/2010,43,50,3,8,4>In the location that once housed the famous Slanted Clam, Herbs & Rye touts a 20s speakeasy spirit that, while obviously faux, has been done so lovingly you can't help but respect it. Haven't tried the food, but sitting at the bar perusing the history lesson-cum-cocktail list, a tear almost came to my eye. If I were to open a bar, certainly this is the way I'd do it (oh wait, I did open a bar once, and we almost did it right--H&R do it better). From classic to creative, H&R mixes with finesse. I'm a fan, and how. Oh, and the drinks cost easily half what they'd be on the Strip.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,4/4/2010,28,152,3,5,4>My wife treated me to dinner here tonight. It was a first for both of us. The food was incredible. We started with the Burrata Ravioli which was fantastic! Made from home made pasta and the Burrata was from a great Italian cheesemaker in LA. The chop salad "La Scala" was tasty and then it was turn for our main courses. She had the veal scallopine which was good (not special) and I had the Cornish Game hen which was fantastic and served flaming! It was like an Italian Coq Au Vin. We were recommended a great light red wine to compliment our meals and the dessert topped it off nicely when combined with the fanstastic Espresso Martini. It was like an iced espresso with boooze! Very refreshing.  If you are a tourist, I say to you "Screw any Italian restaurant on the strip and rush here!", if you are a local I say "Screw any Italian restaurant and rush here!"! :)It is somewhat pricey-most items $22 to $32. With a couple appetizers , cocktails, moderately priced wine and share a dessert and you can easily get to $170 before tip. But for a splurge, or special occasion-it is well worth the money! Enjoy!
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,4/3/2010,34,213,3,8,9>There's something about airports that puts me at peace.  It's not the bratty kids, the Burger King cuisine or overpriced bottles of water at the gift shop.  It's not the debilitating security procedures that make you wish you'd just gassed up the car, turned on the radio and just started driving.  Nor is it the cramped conditions on the plane that put taking a decent nap on a long flight just barely out of your grasp.What I love about airports is the shared experience.  You look at people's faces.  You don't know who they are or where they come from.  You don't know their politics (but their headgear might give away their sports allegiances). Yet at that time, at that gate, everyone is the same, waiting for the same flight, all with the same objective.  If you want to see the face of America, and the world, study the interactions at an airport.In Southern Nevada there are many ways to get your mind off things.  There are bars, burgers and brothels.  But when I really want to find some peace, I go to the small lot on Sunset near Eastern that lets me watch the intersection of society.  They come in, one after the other, a faint almost star-like gleam in the horizon as you look East.  One after the other they get closer, larger and louder until touching down a few hundred yards and a chain link fence in front of my Suzuki Aerio.  How can something so heavy and loud be so precise and graceful?The perfect soundtrack for this experience is the radio frequency you can dial up to listen to air traffic control.  Silence, intermittently interrupted by clear, calm commands.  Southwest, US Airways, Delta, JetBlue, and the list goes on.  I often sit there and wonder who is on the plane, why they are coming to Las Vegas, and what they hope to gain from their time here.  What are they leaving?  What are they returning to?  While I'm here I forget about everything else.  It's an unlikely escape zone and one I'm glad the city (county?) created.  I sometimes fantasize about being an airport bartender and hearing people's stories.  But this spot helps maintain the mystery.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,4/2/2010,70,31,4,9,9>This restaurant is completely amazing! The selection and portion of food is perfect, sometimes you go to tapa's places you get A shrimp with your order or if you are vegetarian there aren't any options. At Firefly they have it all- Seafood, Beef, Chicken, Pork, Veggie. . .Some of my favorites are Chorizo Stuffed Mushrooms, Warm Spinach Salad, Stuffed Dates (TO DIE FOR), Diablo Shrimp-Truly have never had anything bad there. Also, the Sangria and Mojito's are phenomenal, but I will have to say, they made a damn good Dirty Martini!  Great place for a date, girls night out or starting point for a night out on the Las Vegas Strip. . . . Get there early though it get's busy!
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,4/1/2010,161,172,4,5,6>I'm fairly new to Greek food, and don't venture too far away from the gyros, but i was with my ex so she showed me the ropes.  I've been coming here before the expansion just for the gyros alone and they never ever disappoint.  Make it a combo with either pilaf rice or french fries and a drink for like 2-3bucks more.  Just across the street is The Greek American Grille, but their fries and rice does not even compare to The Fat Greek. Not to mention TFG is more of a restaurant while GAG is more of fast food type.I let my ex do all the ordering because I'm a man.. of my words lolChicken soulvaki.  Chicken skewers with a tzatziki sauce on side with a bed of pilaf rice.Spanakopita spinach:  Nice flaky pastry filled spinach and a hint of butter or even cream. Definet Yes!Babagounash:  Holy mother 'effer.  This eggplant dip was amazing and severed with warm pita bread.  Greek burger:  Never in my life and of all place would I thought the burger here be this good.  It was my ex's meal and yet i ate most of it.  A little too much bread for my liking, but the light thin cheese sauce, tirokafteri, was out of this world. Chopped red onions, lettuce, tomato, and a side of slice dill pickle to top if off. Winner!Every time I dine here or pick up I received friendly service.  The place is always clean because the white and blue really stood out.The week before I came here with a friend and had the Combination Plate For Two which is a variation of dish to try: (description from their website because i'd still no clue which is which)Moussaka - Casserole of Roasted Eggplants, Potatoes, and Ground Beef Baked with Greek Bechamel Sauce and Kefalotiri Cheese. Good stuffPasticcio - Traditional Greek Baked Pasta with Rich Meat Sauce and Greek Bechamel with Kefalotiri Cheese. Like a lasagna with a layer of cheese.Gyro - Shaved lambs. Perfect as usual.Dolmades - Grape Leaves Stuffed with Seasoned Ground Beef and Herbs.  Ehhh something about eating the grape leaves.  It's not bad, but i can do without.Also come with roasted potatoes, pita breads, and soup or salad.For 30bucks you can try different items, but if i had a chance to pick again i would have picked something else.  Its good, but right now carbs are my enemies.Love this place!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,3/31/2010,664,612,2,6,5>I go here quite often- usually a mix of ages but a nice crowd on weekends.  They now have cheese platters to go with wine - at first no food so this is a plus.  Very helpful service - Andrea is my pal and she is always helpful with wine tips and suggestions.  I got the $25 match coupon and got $50 of wine.  It is also in my wallet so when I am ready for a few glasses I can head down to the M and have a prepaid evening!  A definite try.  The wine cards work at Veloce Cibo (the tower restaurant on the 16th floor) for wine and sake by the bar while you wait for a spot.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,3/30/2010,118,52,5,12,11>This place is so amazing it has got me to yelp again. it reminded me of japanese onsen, except this is in vegas owned by koreans. They provide you with clothes to wear for the co-ed sauna area and 3 towels. This is especially awesome for cold winter days when you have nothing to do. Seriously, you can spend a whole day here. My favorite was the red clay ball sauna. It a room full of human size "litter boxes" full of these red clay balls. You lay on it, and it's like giving yourself your own massage. I definitely took a nap here. I recommend this place. I don't want them to close so everyone should go and experience a full day of relaxation. It's only $20 for locals for admission. totally worth every cent.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,8/6/2009,1199,60,7,20,14>This place is definitely my favorite Chinese Restaurant in Las Vegas. Hands down. Every time I have friends in town and they want to eat good off the strip Chinese food, this is place we go. Its open around lunch time and closes super late, 11am-3am. When I first walked into this place, I saw a good sign. Tons and tons of other Asian families eating here. The menu is pretty extensive and also has pictures for the newbies.We ordered: Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, Pan Fried Sea Bass, Roast Duck, Salt and Pepper Sea Bass, Spicy String Beans with Chicken, Garlic Ong Choy, and some Oyster Clay Pot.Wow. I was definitely amazed by the taste and quality of the food. The Salt and Pepper Pork Chops are definitely different from the other restaurants. Instead of battering the pork and deep frying it, they do it in a way that the batter isn't fried in. Its like a separate layer above the meat so you can taste both parts when you bite into it. Its weird to explain but its good. So good, that we order it every time we go there. The Pan Fried Sea Bass is my absolute favorite. The lightly fried sea bass comes swimming in sweet soy sauce but it doesn't overpower the taste nor the light crisp. Definitely a must order.The Roast Duck here is waaaaaay better than at Sam Woo BBQ. The dish here actually has large chunks of meat. It has a right combination of crispy skin and meaty meat. That's the way this dish should be served.The Salt and Pepper Sea Bass was good but not a must have. The Spicy String Beans with Pork was good also.... But not a must have. I would probably order other dishes the next time I'm here.The Oyster Clay Pot was surprisingly filled with..... Lots of oysters! It comes with roast port, fried tofu, and lots of oysters. Definitely a must have if you like this kind of dish.Last but not least, the Garlic Ong Choy is one of my favorite veggie dishes. It was cooked perfectly. The leafy part was soft, yet not overcooked, and the stems were slightly crunchy in texture.This place is great. I highly recommended it. Funny thing is when I ask my coworkers where they go to get good Chinese food, they always say Joyful House. I felt like I was the last one in on this wonderful secret. I've been back here at least 5 times since I first discovered it. Its that good.As always, pictures are included! Yummy!
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,8/5/2009,55,29,17,10,10>The 30k Millionaires are abundant in any Vegas nightclub. Moon is no exception. The 30k milli's are rampant in Vegas. For those of you who don't know what 30k milli's are, they are merely guys and girls, usually guys, who act and spend money like they are millionaires, but in fact are nothing but a regular 9-5er. They drive the used beamers and wear their silver plated chains, douche glasses, and reek of aqua di gio. They are the loudest and the most obnoxious people I have ever seen. They pop bottles with their maxed out credit cards all to try and impress the Socal princesses who think they deserve the best. I smell insecurity. Regardless of that fact, It has its positive notes. The clubs in Vegas are not my scene. I go once in a while to people watch and just to check out the scenery and get to know the vibe as to what draws people to these glorified sweat boxes. I like to go with friends and just sit back and enjoy the wonderful people having a good time. Moon, is definitely one my favorites in Las Vegas. The club is not too big and not too small, has multiple floors, flowing booze, good dj, outdoor patio facing the strip and just overall a good scene. The go-go dancers are definitely easy on the eyes and they move like they aren't going wake up the next morning. They play anything from hip-hop to some house and the DJ will never let you stop dancing regardless of what he is playing. The drink prices are steep. I paid $11 for a rum and coke. I'm sorry but ladies, if you want a guy to buy you a drink, especially from myself, you need to offer more than a pretty face. Beauty is too common in Vegas, what else you got? Nothing? Then no drink, go find yourself a chump who hasn't been to his first rodeo yet. The Playboy club is usually included in the cover charge. Or if you know a host or someone who knows someone, you can usually get in without any hassle while the other people in line look at you in envy. :)Definitely check the place out if you have never been. I was not disappointed with their venue. Lots of women to go around and just an overall good place to hang out with friends.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,8/4/2009,31,36,3,6,4>As this is my second review of an ethiopian place, you can clearly see that I dig my injera bread. This place is located just west of the Orleans Casino in a little strip mall. My husband and I decided to check it out. There were several table  filled with what looked and sounded like ethiopian people.  That's always a good sign. The staff was very friendly and accommodating. The menu was more extensive than I'm used to seeing on ethiopian menus, so that was nice. We ended up ordering the vegetarian combo and zilzil tibs (steak pan fried with jalepenos and onion). All of the veggie options were fabulous and the waitress automatically brought more injera bread without us having to ask. That's always nice, cuz the way we blaze through it, asking again and again can make one feel like a bit of a hogginy. My only issue was that the meat was a bit on the tough side. The flavor was awesome though, so maybe it was just a fluke. I will try the lamb next time instead. This is one of several ethiopian places in the valley and a favorite of ethiopian locals. We'll definitely head there again.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2008,8/3/2009,199,77,4,6,5>with the recent closing of Pho 777, there is a void of Vietnamese joints in the southwest area near blue diamond.  yes, there is Pho Hoang, but i guess what i mean is there is void of decent Vietnamese joints in the southwest area.  one day, after passing by this shopping center on my way to work, i noticed a this new pho restaurant opening.  i couldn't wait when i saw a lit boba sign in the window.  so last monday, my favorite dining companion (actually now my fiancee) decided to check out the restaurant, but as we walked through the UNLOCKED door, our hungry stomachs were punched when we found out that they were not opening until the next day on 11/4.  Well, I didn't make it to the grand opening, but i made it there today along with two curious coworkers.  as soon as we walked it, we noticed at how busy it was.  also, we noticed that you can peer into the kitchen whenever you want because there is no wall.  its a gigantic window.  its like going to the giant aquarium at the silverton lodge but instead of fish and and fake-topless mermaids, you see a bunch of people cooking and preparing your meals.  no shady business with your food here.  the menu was quite simple and not as extensive as other Vietnamese restaurants, but  they had your typical pho dishes ~$7, my favorite beef stew dish, vermicelli dishes, and rice dishes, too.  the only way to eat pho is to get the #1, which consisted of thin slippery rice noodles, thin slices of rare steak, well-done flank, extra fatty briskets, gooey gelatin soft tendon, and strings of tripe in a flavorful broth that hummed of star anise.  i love how not only do you have the typical hoisin, and red chili sauce, but they also give you the crunchy and oily red pepper to add some heat and flavorful zing to my pho.   im disappointed but they didnt have the option to get a bigger pho bowl, but my tummy was warm and full after slurping up this entire soup bowl.  service still seems to be learning the ropes.  they did forget our water and utensils.   i also have to add one more thing, when i ordered for Vietnamese iced coffee on the menu, i was told that they didnt have any today, but they did have tea.  WHAT????  that's equivalent to going to the golden arches, and not able to order and cold and sugary icey coca-cola to wash my big mac down.   above all....minus the coffee and the service, this restaurant has a lot going for it, compared to the earlier mentioned pho houses on this side of town, my ass will be plopped here a lot more often after that tasty bowl of pho
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,7/20/2009,7,38,4,6,4>Incredible food/service/ambiance - 5 stars.We went here with a party of about 40 and they pulled it off when we were over by about 10 people and an hour late!  The bar was just beautiful, great drinks (which we had plenty of waiting for our very late guests to arrive from LA!) and celebreties galore filled this place.  We had one of the best seafood platters I've ever had and after all the seafood and cocktails, I barely touched my bone-in rib-eye but the flavor was just amazing. Make sure you order the shrooms - ta die for.We had a taste of every desert imaginable at the table and everything was heavenly, however, by that time,  well,, at that point,  they could have sliced up a twinkee and I would sit here at tell you it was the most incredible desert I've ever had.  haha  Trust me on the rest.Palms Hotel is one of my Fav Hotels to go to as a local anyways - head up to the Playboy lounge afterwards.  Enjoy!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,7/14/2009,22,6,1,12,6>French food can tend to get overly complicated and annoying, however this classic provincal french restaurant is perfect in everyway.It opens only for dinner @ 530PM Located on E. Sahara, we were greeted by the head waiter and then allowed to chose where we wanted to sit, we chose a quiet knook that was hidden for an extra romantic touch.  Le Pamplemousse only serves wine, champagne and beer.  We ordered the baked goat cheese in a puff pastry and the tomato basil soup along with this Frank Sinatra favorite, panchetta with fettucini alfredo (not french but great with the pancetta).  The soup was better than I ever thought, I hate tomato soup but this was great. The goat cheese was very good also. Our main course was a peppered filet and crispy duck leg confit with duck breast. My boyfriend couldn't finish eating the entire filet, which is usually unheard of and the duck was falling off the bone (in a good way) and cooked perfectly with a great reduction sauce to accompany.For dessert our server, Evan, brought us out a grapefruit (pamplemousse) sorbet which had champange in it and also a creme brulee for my birthday.  Sadley they didn't sing, but it was fantastic anyway. It felt as if all the creme brulee I had ever had were a joke compared to the one at Pamplemousse...so amazing. Also to top it off, we ordered the Lava cake, which was also very good, per my boyfriend.We cannot wait to go there again and eat something completely different.  The wait staff is great and entertaining by telling old stories of old vegas, make sure they show you the bullet proof walls where mafia used to sit. :)
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2009,7/11/2009,131,570,8,8,9>Apple butter and biscuits.Ribs the size of my ass.Grits that look too hearty to be real.Fried okra to die for (seriously, it's GOOD).Fried green tomatoes.Fried pickles.Fried, fried, fried.The chicken isn't too great. SKIP THE CHICKEN. And I prefer the mac and cheese from Voodoo BBQ with like...a pound of butter in it. If you're going to eat unhealthy - do it BIG.The sweet tea is straight from Louisiana. It tastes like the stuff I'd get in the bayou outside of Central, Louisiana.Chicken noodle soup that's not just chicken noodle soup, but the KING of chicken noodles.The infamous fishnet leg lamp.- 1 star for no gator on the menu.Blasphemy!
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,7/10/2009,55,173,3,3,3>I had never heard of this chain before moving to Las Vegas, but it's near my home so I thought I'd give it a try.  The store is small and some times I think it could be better laid out.  Like why is popcorn near the toys and candy and not in with the junk food?  However, the advertised items are located in bins near the doors so they are easy to find.  I've noticed that the dairy and produce are always fresh, plus they have a bakery and deli in the store.  They have a savings card program where not only can you save money at the checkout, you can earn points for coupons they send out a few times a year.  When my rewards were not recieved it was easy to e-mail them about it.  Not only did they figure out the problem, some one called me personally to let me know what was going on.All the cashiers here are very friendly and now I wouldn't think of shopping anywhere else.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,7/9/2009,292,759,7,12,9>Location matters in Vegas. If you plan on partying at XS, Lavo, Tao, Pure, etc, there is no better location for the money in Vegas. Assuming you're not paying Palazzo, Wynn or Caesars prices, this place is a killer value ! Rooms: The decor was AWFUL. The hallways are a serene black, red, and beige palette. You walk into the room and you're accosted with hot pink and purple. EVERYWHERE. The art, the drapes, the bed, the chair.. all neon pink and purple. Honestly I think it's a sad attempt at making sure people don't stay in their rooms and instead gamble.. Who knows. Either way the designers should be shot. The bathroom sucked. It was built in '89 so I can't really fault them for missing the huge bathroom trend, but wow.. it was tiny. Single sink, no robes, itty bitty bathtub. Definitely not a bathroom 2 people can comfortably get ready in at once! Beds are quite important to me and I actually loved the bed. I slept really well and was super comfy. It is the *cushy* bed type, so if you crave a hard bed, look elsewhere. The pool was actually really nice. I could almost ignore the strip in the background pretend I was in Hawaii. As a tip - buy the beers at the gift shop right by the pool for $4 and tote them in (or hell, go to Walgreens if you're feeling uber frugal). Make sure to get the Bud bottles that are aluminum, *not* the glass bottles.. you'll stick out! The same bottles go for $7 at the pool. Overall it's a 3.5 star, but I'm rounding up ! These guys were the first mega-resort in Vegas and I have to give the Mirage props for that. Anytime you can get this place at a significant discount to the luxury properties nearby, it's worth it! This is not a luxury property (imo), but it's great for people looking to spend most nights club hopping and days sitting by the pool. This isn't the kind of place you'd want to lounge around in your room!
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2009,7/8/2009,390,337,8,5,5>I found Buffet @ Asia (so hip with their "L33T Speak") to be merely okay.  Nothing exceptional, but a decent selection.A few observations I noticed while here:While they did have a fairly diverse sushi line-up, regardless of the fish on top, or the sauces added, there was always the following three things inside each roll regardless: Cucumber, avocado, and crab.  Usually not bad, but it honestly made up the contents of each roll.The hot and sour soup was not a great experience.  It was largely tasteless, other than there was a bit of hotness left tingling in your mouth.  I don't mind hot/spicy things, but when eating soup, I'd like for there to be a few other flavors involved other than "I don't taste anything, yet my lips are tingling".I also noticed that some fellow named "Bil" took great pride in writing and carving his name all over the men's bathroom, going as far as to carve his name into the toilet seat.  I wonder if "Bil" really thought it through when he would eventually claim ownership of the results of people's bathroom visitations, but if it somehow helps to build his personal empire in ways that I simply cannot comprehend, then more power to him.....I guess.The servers were good about removing plates, and the price isn't bad.  They have a Mongolian BBQ section, so big points for that, but I decided to attempt that for another visit.  For what it is, it's not bad, but the hot and sour soup is useless, and don't expect a lot of diversity in sushi choices there.UPDATE: As of July 2009, "Bil" has been removed from the bathroom walls!  His empire has crumbled, and undoubtedly, those oppressed by his iron rule have been set free.  For the rest of you, you can do your business in peace without fear of claimage by "Bil".  I can only hope that his short-lived rule found enough glory for the historic archives of bathroom kingdoms.(Sushi is still about the same).
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/6/2008,7/7/2009,508,259,8,8,7>Didn't I just walk out of the cupcake place and buy a whole 26 dollars worth of Cupcakes. That's actually 6 with a special decor. My Uncle was in the hopsickle up the street and we both have to have sweets. So I came on a mission. The place is kinda weird to get to. Its a matter of driving around and looking for it in the plaza. When I walked in it was one guy working...but only one customer. I decided on a 6 pack halloween style with lil ducks that were in costumes as my accessory. You get to pick different flavor cupcakes, different flavor fillings, then toppings, then accessories. I don't mind it but if there were more people there I'd be hella annoyed. But here I am...UHHHMMMMMMMM Let me get red velvet withhhh.......Uhmmmm Hmmm Vanil....no wait uhm...butter cream.......uh no I dunno....OK when people have choices it makes it harder. Believe me from tending bar it SUCKS. So of course what do you do? Just agree with everything. I finally finished after 15-20 minutes of deciding. SUCKED ASS. Ok so there goes my precious time :) The cupcakes themselves weren't bad. Nice Moisture and the fillings were great. But I'm not down with the price....So obviously I'm knocking it because time's are tough. Not really into it being so expensive :(
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,6/26/2009,1362,984,4,15,13>We love this place - it's our staple go to place for a hearty piece of prime rib with fabulous service.  Being a VIP member definitely has its perks.  Not only are we always earning gift certificates to dine there, but we also find out about all their monthly specials.Their August Surf n Turf Dinner for Two Special was too good to pass up!  For $99, you get * Lawry's Original Spinning Bowl Salad* Lawry's Special 8 oz. Cut of Roasted Prime Rib of Beef and * one 4 oz. Lobster Tail, * served with Yorkshire pudding, mashed potatoes and whipped cream horseradish, * as well as a choice of creamed corn, creamed spinach, or buttered peasor * Fresh Salmon* and one 4 oz Lobster Tail with seasonal accompaniments* C.C. Brown's Hot Fudge Sundae Sampler* Freshly Brewed Coffee or TeaWe both had the prime rib with creamed spinach.  Dessert was a simple sundae, which is probably all one can eat after filling themselves up with their fresh bread, salad, prime rib, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, Yorkshire pudding, and oh yes, the lobster tail.Service was fabulous as always.  You can never really go wrong at Lawry's!(Photos are posted of our dinner!)
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,6/23/2009,44,90,4,8,8>Bottle-Rock it began this last Saturday, July 5th, as a concert series that will occur every Saturday for the next 14 weeks.  While many events such as this occur in town (see such shows as Friday Night Live at the Hard Rock), none of them have the Red Rock pool area.  This expansive and attractive center-piece of the Red Rock Hotel & Casino is a shining point in an otherwise beautiful resort.Bottle Rock-It is part rock/part wine-tasting charity event that benefits Springs Preserve.  For $15, as was the case at this show, you could help yourself to unlimited (from 7-10pm) organic wine.  There are also many bars in the pool area, though they are a bit pricy.The band on the first night was Slash's Blues Ball Band which included drummer Jason Bonham of Led Zeppelin, Royston Langdon of Spacehog, Jerry Cantrell of Alice in Chains and of course, Slash.  They were all amazing.  A special guest was brought on to finish the show: Perry Ferrell of Jane's Addiction and Porno for Pyros.  He will be the second show's act on July 12, 2008.  The band began with blues but quickly turned to rock n' roll as they covered David Bowie, Bob Dylan, Zeppelin, Pink Floyd and Guns N' Roses.The cost for the show is anywhere from $20 to $30 depending on the show.  Las Vegas locals can go to the website listed under the business tag here to get a free ticket to the show (at least for now).Another benefit: if you become a member of Springs Preserve they will give you free tickets to the show depending on how many members you have (i.e. if you get a family membership of 4 people, you would get 4 tickets to the show); you would also get a year membership to the wonderful Springs Preserve.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2008,6/22/2009,887,1183,4,5,5>I recently visited Margaritaville to grab a couple of drinks with a friend, and I have upgraded the place from "I don't want to go there" to "I don't mind going there."  I'll be honest, I'm not crazy about the place.  The house band is loud and pretty cheezy IMHO, but everyone else in the world seems to enjoy 'em.  The bar is always super packed, hence next to impossible to get a drink.  And the prices are pretty hefty for being just a shitty little bar.Why the upgrade?  Well, on the Tuesday night I went, it was pretty empty.  My friend and I found seats at the bar and had a very friendly bartender who was able to assist us in charging our drinks to my friend's room at Harrah's.  Kind of a cool Harrah's perk, I guess.  Great place for people watching on the patio, too.If it's my choice, though, I'll pick a different spot to go eat or drink at.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,6/21/2009,119,65,6,9,6>There is no reason you should have a bad steak in Las Vegas. Michael Mina is making that statement with bold creativity and solid food. I'm a big of fan of anywhere that puts decent thought into the overall layout of the place, decor, sitting, and most importantly the menu. I can't help myself but feel cool walking around in stripsteak. It's like technology, and fashion meets comfort food I wish my mom could compete with stripsteak food around the holidays. I've been here 3 times so far and def see stripsteak becoming a regular place I go with big groups of people before we head out for a crazy night at the club.Start with an extra order of duck fat fries if you are with more than 2 people because they are ammmmmmmmazingly delic. will disappear in a matter of minutes. Along side TRUFFLE SAUCE AND HERB KETCHUP. That alone is my dreams coming true.The flat iron, the flat iron, the flat iron! And A5 filet!For sides I enjoyed the lobster mash and sour cream and onion mash. The jalapeno creamed corn. Wasn't too into the truffled mac-n-cheese even though I love truffles, this wasn't seasoned right and not enough going on in my mouth. It needed a crunch or something,
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,6/19/2009,358,399,8,7,7>This is my 4th visit to CUT . In the past, I have not had the best experiences at Cut yet the valued opinions of several people on Yelp and Chowhound keep me coming back to this place to give Chef Puck's people another chance. Last night some friends from the good 'ol days were in town and invited me out for drinks ( can't even count how many times they've been in town in the past and we were unable to meet-up ) - finally, and luckily, we were able to hook-up. After several drinks and lively conversation going down memory lane, it was time to absorb the large quantities of alcohol we consumed with some serious eats. We first walked to Delmonico's - booked solid ( good ! ) then to CUT - a 15 minute wait. A nice cocktail at the bar ( further inebriation ) and whisked off to the dining room. I'll limit my review to what i ate ( with one exception ) started with the bone marrow flan with the mushroom marmalade and parsley salad - Damn ! and i mean DAMN - that was good ! very minor issue - no parsley salad - WHO CARES ! I had the sirloin three ways - basically american, american kobe and japanese wagyu - perfectly cooked, great flavor, we all agreed, surprisingly, that the American Kobe had the best flavor. Had sides of mushrooms, asparagus and the mac n cheese. The fav - the M&C - of what little i had of it since one of my fellow diners held on to the serving spoon for dear life and used it to shovel the M&C into her piehole ! The only comment on one of my dining mates main entree - the short ribs - slow cooked for a million hours with pumpkin curry, blah blah blah - the curry was too strong, also too sweet. funny thing is, the dish reminded me of my mom's home-cooked saurbraten ( given Chef Puck's lineage is this coincidence ? or was i too drunk to know any better ! ) Overall, I was very pleased with the meal but damn it ! I felt bad because my friends flipped the bill - as we all know this place ain't cheap ! they kindly insisted given my past generosity to them when we first became friends - i was very flattered by this - it's nice to know i had a positive impact on the lives of others ! Happy Eating !
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/11/2009,6/18/2009,239,51,2,6,5>I was finally able to go inside Prive last night for the CineVegas opening night party, which was free admission with the purchase of the opening film's ticket. Although my experience was (slightly) better than last time, and my best friend and I had fun, my consensus is that Prive is no better than any other club on the Strip I have been to so far.It is small compared to other clubs. The layout is like a circle. The main dance floor is the club proper, and around the other side is the Living Room, which I assume is their more loungey part of it. However, my friend and I didn't get to go inside the Living Room because it was closed off for another private event. The drinks were free, and they weren't bad. I got a nice buzz off only one Cosmo, which was all I drank all night. I'll bet if I went when the club was open on a regular night, I'm sure they would have been expensive, just like other clubs I have been to, on or off the Strip. The DJ played some good songs, but he also played music I didn't care for (but then again, no DJ is ever going to play 100% what you want unless he or she takes requests). I asked him at one point if he took requests, but he didn't, which bummed me out, but we still had a fun time regardless. He played the siren that others have written about here and there, but it wasn't too obnoxious. I appreciated the fact that he played old school music mixed in with today's stuff, but I think he was trying to appeal to the older folks in the crowd, of which there were plenty. I don't think this would have been the same crowd that normally goes to Prive if they weren't here for the CineVegas party.After about an hour or so, the dance floor really heated up and a lot of people were dancing. I was worried these people would be like some others I have seen at clubs who just sit around looking "cool" and not dancing. It was nice to see people really getting down shaking their booties off for a change. :-) They also had this mist that floated from the ceiling above the dance floor, which was a little cheesy, but it was not obnoxious either. I didn't feel too crowded on the dance floor like I did at some place like say, TAO, and had plenty of room to dance, so that was definitely a plus.So, would I go back to Prive? I get the impression it is mainly a hip-hop club, which isn't really my scene. My best friend was even less impressed than I was. I thought four or even three stars would have been too generous since this place didn't "WOW" me. I'd only go back if it were a special event like the one I attended tonight or if I had a really good promoter that could get me and my friends on the guest list and in the club for free. Other than that, no, I would not pay the cover charge to get in here. EDIT: 9/10/09 - So Prive has re-opened and reportedly cleaned up its act. Even if this has happened, I'm wasn't impressed enough that I would ever go back and their reputation has already been tarnished.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/9/2009,6/17/2009,38,199,16,14,10>I think the erotic website is misleadingly classy. The $15 admission (locals) I thought was kind of wack, but the girl working admissions said we could buy anything from the gift shop and admission is waived. Mf got an erotic rocks glass for $8 and I got a used book from the '80's for $5. The book was "The Politics of Sex" if anyone's interested. I think the museum occupies the old Love Boutique (which is now located in the back of the building). Its a considerably large gallery space. Its probably the same volume as the old LVAM, but has two levels so probably has the same erotic square footage? The erotic foyer area has a bunch of tacky neon signs and erotic stuff. Once you get in the showing space, there's a whole variety of erotic stuff. There was part of the AIDS quilt, erotic art, records of significant historic erotica. There was a section dedicated to the "Hustler kingpin," Larry Flynt. There's even a gold-plated wheelchair with maroon velour upholstery. There are pornographic comics, artsy short erotic films, synthetic replicas of famous porn actors genetalia like John Holmes and Jenna Jameson. There's also huge erotic prints of famous porn people buy reputable porn photographers. And then there's the giclees. I freakin' hate giclees. Especially the ones that are painted with painterly strokes to make it look like a legit painting. Redeeming, though: they had some replicas of archaic erotic art, like some Venus figures and erotic Japanese netsuke. Anyways. There's a crap load of erotic stuff. Go see it, its erotic fun. No erotic pictures, except for in the erotic lobby and erotic foyer. Its in a wacky shady part of town, kind of hidden behind Fashion Show Mall, near the Spearmint Rhino. There's a small erotic parking lot, but I can't imagine it ever fills up. * off the erotic strip, erotic non-casino. erotic.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,6/16/2009,1564,634,7,11,15>I was contacted by an ABC rep who invited me to shoot pics of  the Pushing Daisies Mobile Pie Hole Tour kicking off the Season 2 of Pushing Daisies on ABC. pushingdaisiestour.comFriday, September 12th 2008 From 11:00 am-3:00 pm  It was held discreetly out front of the Mall right next to the Gelato Cafe. The two young girls were handing out preipackaged mini apple & peach pies and souvenir magnets,pie knifes & more. They had the actual trailer,some bicycles from the TV show and some other stuff too. I was there while they set up so I was able to get several pies with no problem but as soon as people began to see & hear about free pies the lines formed and the pies disappeared. There was quite a turnout and not everyone was impressed with the pies but they enjoyed the thought of it.see some pics here @ offthestripdining.blogspThis mall always has something exciting happening, the food court is decent for the strip and there's damn near every store you can imagine in there most a little to pricy for my taste.The Fashion Shows are incredible, spontaneous and FREE!!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,6/15/2009,129,36,5,8,5>The sign caught my eye and I was interested in seeing what this new restaurant had to offer. I was surprised they opened this up in the same shopping center as Swish, another Shabu Shabu restaurant.  The décor was beautiful with nice dark brown tones and orange highlights.  The restaurant has an all you can eat BBQ menu for only $20 or you can order the Yakiniku service which includes a combination of meat and vegetables for the whole table.  They also serve their meet Shabu Shabu style.  So basically, you're cooking at your own table.  I've been to others, but the way they marinated their meat was so tasty.  I recommend the all you can eat menu at $20 as the best value.  They also have a Karaoke bar connected by a hallway that shares bathrooms.  The only problem is, it gets smoky in there.  I wasn't too happy with their ventilation system, hence the 4 stars.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,6/14/2009,62,93,7,9,8>My 50th review.  Yay.Had the 16 course tasting meal.  One of the best meals of my life.  I can see how the decor is kind of love it or hate it.  I loved it.Excellent service.  The GM came over and had a 15 minute conversation with us.  He then came back to take our order.  Very classy.  After the meal he gave us a very un-rushed kitchen tour.  Throughout the rest of the meal we received incredible service.  I didn't realize that this is the flagship restaurant in the U.S.  It's Robuchon's only fine dining restaurant in North America.  Other two are in Tokyo and Macao.  The Asian influence was apparent throughout the meal.First they bring out the bread cart.  She rattled off like 20 different types of bread then took a deep breath and pointed at the shelf below and rattled off another 6 or 7.  Wow.  Baking done in house.  We tried 9-10 different types of bread - everything great - my fav was the saffron brioche.  The plating of the dishes was beautiful and creative. Every plate was custom made to go with the dish.  The plates also go with the decor.  This was the most visually appealing dining experience I've ever had anywhere.The starter was Osetra caviar over three kinds of crab.  This was amazing but I'll take Keller's oysters and pearls over this.  The plating though was extremely creative - served in a tin on an engraved plaque.Next course was coriander soup with deep fried cilantro and a bruchetta.  I have a little bit of a problem with deconstructed dishes.  I think it's because I'm an idiot.  I never know what to eat first or what to dip in what.  The coriander soup was delicious but a little too plentiful to be just drinking it straight.  I wasn't sure if I was supposed to put the fried ciliantro in there and then dip the bruchetta or what.  Still it was a lovely dish and a nice way to open up the palete.The next dish was one of my favs.  Perfectly cooked scallop in ginger/leek broth.  Next was the frog leg.  Wow.  Probably my fav course.  I wish I could take like a dozen of these things to go.  One of the best dishes I've had anywhere in my life.  Bursting with flavor and umami goodness.Next was another one of these deconstructed dishes.  One plate had cooked uni over spiced spinach.  I didn't like the uni.  I know uni is out of season right now, but I've had some excellent uni (cooked and raw) in the last couple of weeks.  Also part of this course was lemongrass roasted lobster - decent.  And finally, was a langostine ball in some curry tea.  That was awesome - bursting with flavor.  Reminded me of a shrimp ball you'd find in saimin - the best "shrimp ball" I've ever had.Next was like a pea puree poured into an onion foam.  I was skeptical when I saw this but wow - it was yum.  One of my fav courses.Next was sea bass which unfortunately was way overcooked and underseasoned.  This was perhaps the only blemish on the meal.Next was sliced foie gras in cabbage ravioli.  Excellent dish - although it is a different experience than eating seared foie gras that melts in your mouth.  Also the cabbage was a little chewy and difficult to cut and I kind of choked on it a little.Next was a deconstructed trio of Kobe beef.  First was ribeye stuffed with carrot and also on that plate was heart of palm stuffed with bone marrow.  NOTE:  EAT A PIECE OF THE RIBEYE AND ONE OF THE MARROW/PALMS IN ONE BITE - much more synergy than eating separately as the marrow explodes in your mouth and complements the meat.  Also was Kobe cheek over silky mashed potatoes.  Definitely best cow cheek I've had.  And finally was a covered bowl of stew that was uncovered by the server when you were ready to eat it.  Very creative and delicious.Finishing off the savory courses was some spring root vegetables over couscous served in a tangine (nice touch).  Probably best couscous  I've ever had.  Very fresh tasting green beans.The desert courses started with picturesque fruit soup served with flowers.  Then a desert tray with as many choices of ganaches, candies and chocolates as the bread cart.  And finally your choice of multiple types of yummy sorbet.  In spite of an off dish or two, everything else was so next-level that I can comfortably say this is one of the best meals I've eaten in my life and without a doubt the best restaurant in Vegas.  Worth every penny - actually for $500/man I say it's a steal.  I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,6/13/2009,15,32,6,7,5>So I'm on my way back from the DMV (that's another story for another day) and am hungry.  For anyone who doesn't know, they actually have a food counter at the DMV.  It reminds me of the food counter that used to be in the ice skating rink when I was a kid.  Well, the DMV food counter sends the smell of popcorn out into the crowd - perhaps to cover the stench of those who haven't showered for the day, week - whatever.  So this made me hungry enough to pull out my Blackberry and start searching for Chinese takeout on Yelp.Thanks to location and the few reviews, I found the Pearl Wok.  I ordered the $5.50 daily lunch which included egg roll, soup and steamed/fried rice.  Chose the Beef & Broccoli.  Also ordered an appetizer/side of (6) Chicken dumplings and had them steamed ($4.95).  The beef/broccoli was yummy - broccoli was cooked well and not fatty beef.  The fried rice was fried rice - not extraordinary but good nonetheless.  The dumplings (or potstickers, as I call them) were great but the best part was the dipping sauce.  That awesome homemade brown potsticker sauce that has fresh ginger and green onions ... oh so good.  And now here's my favorite part - when I asked for the hot oil - they had it!!  Some chinese places look at me like I'm speaking ... well, English .. when I ask for the hot oil.  I'm sure it has a name but I'm going with hot oil - the one with the chili pepper seeds.  Oh my, put a little of this on your potsticker and dip into the sauce ... oh my.  Obviously this is written by a girl who likes a little "heat" ....Of note:  They offer free delivery with purchase of $15 within 3-mile radius.  I'd definitely order again.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2008,6/12/2009,293,585,3,4,4>Thursday nights are packed here. Probably 400 to 500 people? I dunno... but it was damn fun! There's a big corral where people line dance. A mechanical bull for the retarded and miniature bowling for $2. Drinks were not cheap which was too bad. I was confused over "ladies' night" since I was told drinks were cheaper. But... I paid a $1 cover and the beers were like $6 a piece. Crazy.I had a great time and recommend this place to out-of-towners because it's so different than what's available in the casinos.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,6/11/2009,34,213,2,6,4>Bring a roll of quarters and go to town.  The pinball hall of fame is mega-ultra radical.  I can't think of a more simple yet fun place in Las Vegas.  There's pinball machines from various decades fully restored and in great playing shape.  There's also classic video games like pac-man, teenage mutant ninja turtles, paperboy, street fighter, the list goes on.  Some old school nintendo games are here in arcade version such as mario bros. and punch out.  You'll also find a few of the newer games as well.  Another bright spot is that many of the games are truly just a quarter.  Not like video games at a movie theatre arcade that are a buck or more a pop.   So many great things can be said about the Pinball Hall of Fame but here's the kicker --- the people who run it take all the money, cover their costs and donate the rest to local charities!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2008,6/7/2009,118,52,5,6,6>this is my favorite grocery store. what is there not to love?great products for amazing prices!it's perfect for me because when i'm hungry i can just walk in and grab something to eat. they have so much pre-prepared food i love it. it's kind of like a trader joe's but hipper. they can keep their prices low because there isn't that many people working. no cashiers. it's all self-serve registers. and in my opinion, i like it because that way you don't need to make small talk with the middle aged women that are unhappy that they work at a grocery store. the self-serve registers are really easy to use and there is one person looking over all the registers if you have a question. it is so easy to make good healthy choices here. everything is FRESH and its EASY to shop here.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/27/2008,6/6/2009,4974,721,2,2,2>Everything we had here was very good except for the shrimp dish.  I know shrimp are bottom feeders...but exactly what bottom were these shrimp on??  Easily the worst tasting shrimp I've ever had in my life.That being said..all of the other dishes we had were very good.  I also like how they have a picture of almost every dish available on the menu. So eat anything else but the shrimp!
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,6/5/2009,147,267,3,6,4>I love this place.  There aren't many Korean/Chinese style places here in Vegas.  The Jjampong (Spicy Noodle Soup) is really good here along with the Jjajang myun (Black Soybean noodle).  The Chinese food isn't bad either.  The service is friendly, and the price is decent.  It might not be the most decorative place inside, but the food is still very good.  Korean/Chinese style is different from just Korean and Chinese.  However, I think generally people will still like this type of food.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,6/4/2009,1199,60,9,16,15>I cant believe it. An In-N-Out only 3 miles from my place. This is bad... Very bad...This place just opened... and it showed. Well, in a good way I mean. I drive by and the dining room seems empty. Its a Friday night around 10pm and I figure this place would be somewhat busy.I roll into the drive through and there outside in the freezing weather stands a girl taking orders. I wonder if she drew the short straw that evening or just normally out there. She proceeds to take my order and I drive up to the cashier window. The cashier then proceeds to confirm my full order. Finally I pull up to pick up window and my food near ready. A brief 2 minute wait and our food is ready to go. Here's a list of what we ordered:- Cheeseburger, Protein style.- Cheeseburger, Animal style add a slice of raw onion. - Fries, Animal style- Regular fries- Chocolate ShakeWhen we arrived back at the house, the food was perfectly prepared and everything was in order. Needless to say, the food here is great and the prices are reasonable.On a side note: While I was waiting, I did notice they had a lot of workers standing around waiting to make food... The problem is that it was slow so there was no orders to make!Of course, pictures included!!
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,6/3/2009,161,172,5,5,4>I was in the break room at work flipping through the Las Vegas Weekly when I stumble upon an article about China Mama.  Not even half way through the article my mouth was overfilled w/ drool just thinking about those juicy steamed dumplings.  Then I got emo because I was reminiscing the times with my ex since she introduce this dish to me.Any who, the next day I went to check out China Mama for some xiao long bao, shanghai soup dumplings.  My scallions pancakes, and this chili rice cake dish (darn! wrong one) i order came out first.  The pancakes brought back a lot of good memories because my ex use to make this for me for brekky.  It was good but the chili rice dish i order was a different story.  It was really bland with lots of chili oil, unwanted peppers and the likes.  I guess the other rice cake dish is what I had before.Then my 2 orders of dumpling came. yayYy.. I asked for a bowl and some chili paste because none of the table were preset with it.  Mixed the chili paste, vinegar (black), and a little bit of soy sauce in the bowl for my dipping sauce. Just enough to submerge a piece of heaven.Inside these dumplings are juice (soup), so be careful not to break them when picking them up.  Use a soup spoon to assist the eating process because they're hot!  Most people take a small bite at the bottom to let the juice out and drink it.  Then finish the rest of the dumplings in 2-3 bites.  I, however; use my chopstick and puncture the dumpling from the top to 1) let out some of the heat, and 2) make and an entry for the sauce as I drown it into my dipping bowl.  This usually cools it down enough for me to take it whole because well... that's how i roll.I must warned you this method could be awfully painful if not done right, but prepare yourself for some totally serious awesomeness!!My first bite and I'd instantly amend to all those lies my ex told me.  It was just as good as i tried it the first time with her.  She lives in cali btw, and only there was I able to find them.  Sure we have the frozen kind at our local asian market, but it's not the same.  To me it's not anyways.The next day i came back for dinner with a friend. Order 3 xiao long bao, scallions pancake, and this time shanghai style rice cake.  Again the rice cakes and pancakes came out first.  The rice cakes were exactly the one i've been searching for too, but it wasn't as good as the other one i had before. No big deal, add more chili paste and we're good to go. I think it was missing more soy or whatever they put in it..  Think "chow fun noodles" with rice cakes instead of noodles. Next time I'll only come for the dumplings because I have been stuff before they even arrived. Also, i know it's not healthy, but i don't let food go to waste.I'm such a fatty ;(Overall the joint was fairly clean.  Service is good, better the 2nd time because we were the only one there. With so many items I have yet to try, I'll def come back with a Chinese friend to be more adventurous if not for those sweet  lil' dumplings.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,6/2/2009,33,144,8,6,5>This is me coherent before going to fat tuesdays"Hello!"This is me after a drink and the extra shot."Sppljdhdoydfsf"Fat Tuesdays is awesome. And not to bad of a way to get drunk and not spend and arm and leg. I recommend it if you have the following criteria;Someone lame is in your group.You have to see a show you don't likeYou have to do a time shareOr you realized gambling isn't all it cracked up to be and you need to strech the rest of the money you have.You think Pina Coladas should be in the food groupOr you're looking for a good timeTip Your Bartender! They are good to you!Also don't drink crazy fast. Those frozen drinks are killer.:)
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,6/1/2009,55,29,9,27,21>It is a rarity for me to give any business, restaurant, or anything I review on Yelp 5 stars. This place definitely deserves the 5 stars for their friendly, professional, honest and prompt service. I am a car newbie and really don't know a whole lot about cars. I heard a light squeal in my brakes and thought I would need new brakes or something. I first went to a dealership and they informed me that I did need new brakes and that it would be around $250 with labor to have the front brakes replaced. I scoffed at the idea that brakes would cost so much, and as a comparison shopper I decided to go to a third party and see what they had to say. To me I always shop 2-3 places before I make my decision. It is like going to a doctor's office and having them tell you that you have cancer. Get a second opinion! I decided on this business since I heard some positive things online and they had a coupon for brake service with free inspection. I walked in and was greeted by Jeff the owner who was very professional and courteous. He asked the standard questions and then lifted my car to check if I needed new brakes. He informed me that I in fact did not need new brakes and they were perfectly fine and that the squeal could just be the dust. He adjusted the brakes and sprayed them down and filled up my brake fluid. He walked me through and showed me my brake pads and invited me to stay at the lift to watch the mechanic do his work. I happily agreed as I am always looking for any opportunity to learn. I was in and out of the place in about 30 minutes. I would highly recommend them for your brake service. They will be honest and courteous to your needs and make you feel comfortable. Jeff is a great guy and will chat with you while you wait. Highly recommended!
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2009,5/31/2009,7,17,3,4,3>Never actively listened to the Beetles much. Everyone hears their music but I never knew how much I heard until the Love Show nor how much music they influenced.I understand why some people may not have enjoyed it as much.  Especially if they don't like Beatles music or were expecting more acrobatics, but the show was just downright fun.Though, there should be a warning regarding all the lights.It is probably the closest you'll get to a beetles concert / music video.I definitely want to go again, but next time with a different state of mind.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,5/30/2009,412,231,7,8,8>Okay, my husband and I had such an amazing, awesome experience at this restaurant that we decided to make our meal there our "Valentines Day dinner" just one week early. When I got home, I canceled our reservations at a restaurant in Boston - there's no way it would measure up to the relaxing, lovely dinner we had at the Cathouse!At first, I was just looking for something a little different as a precursor to "Fantasy" the topless show at the Luxor that we were going to see later that night, so I popped by Cathouse to make a reservation for Sunday at 8:30pm. The girl was super nice and I asked her what the deal was - she said the nightclub hours are very different than the restaurant hours. I assumed (because of the windows -which were filled with lingere) that the girls in the place were supposed to be all lingere all the time. I was fine with that, but actually, when we checked out the place, we found out that the girls usually wear short black dresses and boots instead.So, we arrive a little early for our reservation and are immediately seated at a circular table with comfy velvet couches. The table cold have easily fit 5 or 6 people comfortably but having the whole table to ourselves made us feel luxurious. Every table has a chandelier over it. Loved the look of this place. It was so awesome. The wallpaper was fantastic and the walls were covered with vintage pornography from the early 1900s. - I found the whole place to be very intimate. The space was a lot smaller and believe it or not ...darker than most places in Vegas - a refreshing intimacy after a lot of large and lofty restaurants.The food was incredible.  We started out with some Pommes Frites. The french fries were a heaping portion and tasty (but honestly it got much better from there) We got the truffle macaroni and cheese (holy cow so awesome) and for our entree Russ ordered the pepper encrusted Tuna steak and I ordered the braised short rib of beef. My short rib was so flavorful, tender and absolutely mouthwatering. Russ's Tuna steak was also awesome, really fresh and delicious. We followed up with two desserts - Red Velvet Cake with Marscapone icing - they were still warm when they got to our table! And Russ's small donuts stuffed with hazelnut cream.  Our waitress was polite, attentive, and I loved being able to snuggle up to Russ and just enjoy his company. The manager stopped by our table to ask us how it was going which I thought was a nice touch. Like people were saying, there is a girl who is putting on makeup in lingerie while you dine. She does a couple of costume changes. The waitress told her that she'd like it if the girl could do more - but you can only do so much with a certain type of entertainment license. I think this restaurant is perfect for couples who love upscale comfort food and a stylish and unique atmosphere. Also, it's not so sexy that you couldn't bring more prudish friends along. I think it's classy and sultry and not slutty - which is refreshing. And the food was orgasmic, modern, and best of all -- fun.  I will dine here again when I'm back in Vegas!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,5/29/2009,212,263,5,15,9>Did you say, a $75 gift certificate for $9?  5 types of mac & cheese? SOLD! Our reservation was for 9:30 pm and arrived on time to a near empty restaurant.  Once we walked into the lobby of the Renaissance my fiance (wow that's weird to say) says to me, "is this place open?"  I was nervous that we were the only ones there but there were a few other tables.  Phew!  I took the pleasure in purchasing via Restaurant.com a $75 gift certificate for $9. Ah, yeah...$9!!!  What a deal!  The catch was we had to spend $150 (includes alcohol!)  to have the GC apply.  No problem!  Food:*Surf & Turf - a GIANT 19 oz. bone in Rib Eye with scallops.  Very very tender & juicy rib eye cooked medium rare (woot woot!) served with three succulent scallops all cooked to perfection.  *Bourbon Creamed Corn.OMG.  Serious goodness here!  The best creamed corn I have ever tasted.  Ever!  (better than Lawry's....shhhh you didn't hear me say that!)*Bacon and Gruyere Mac & Cheese.One word....WOW!Drink:*Bottle of Red S. Australian wine.  Perfect.The only complaint we had was that we knew we would fill up fast.  We both slapped our tummies and psyched them into a few extra bites.  Food = great.  Decor = beautiful and comfortable Service =  unpretentiousTIPs:  1. If you cab it here, make sure to get his card so you can call him to pick you up.  There's not much activity here so set up your ride beforehand.  2. Check out Restaurant.com's site and sign up for their emails.  They had a sale over the weekend for 80% off so you can score a $75 GC for $6!  Who can say no to that?
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,5/28/2009,430,319,14,17,16>The other reviewer said he was still kicking himself for not getting the rib eye. Well, if he's still kicking himself, then I'm punching myself in the face for not getting the filet. I got the whole fish stuffed with artichokes and onions done up with the crispy skin. It was good but it didn't blow my mind. Now that filet mignon that my other half ordered, I practically had to punch him to get another bite, it was that good. Here's what we ordered:Crudo appetizer 2 starsAhi Tartare          4 stars Lobster Ravioli   5 stars Lychee Martini   whoa nelly. It was delicious.Mojito Martini      BOO. Tasted like Sour juice.Botero is beautiful, reminds me of the Delano in South Beach. It was good but it didn't leave me wanting to return  any time soon.  I expected much more in their service department. We had reservations at 8:30 but we weren't seated till after 9. We never saw our server between taking our order and dropping the check. Also,  you think they'd get the positions right when placing the entrees. And lastly it would be nice if they'd tell you what the different appetizers or entrees are with a little explanation. Most finer restaurants do this. Botero definitely failed on this level. 4 stars even with the minor hiccups. They were able to get us done in time for our reservations at XS.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2008,5/27/2009,199,77,4,5,3>Now, that I have to change my friggin diet.  I must seek other alternatives to my favorite delicacies of fatty fried chicken, tender prime rib, and lamb chops.  The same shopping complex, which houses SF Supermarket, Hue Thai Sandwiches,  a Korean fried chicken and beer house, and other great restaurants, also has a Chinese Hot Pot Restaurant.  In the last year, I've had the opportunity to try out more of these restaurants, where you place vegetables and meats into  a swirling and boiling pot of broth in front of you over an open flame.  It is really good stuff, and one very cool evening in Las Vegas, yes Vegas, I was craving to go.  I was joined by my forever favorite dining companion, and now fiancee, and two other friends who also wanted to try something new.  When you walk in, it feels like a little market, where you can buy some packaged goods, another area had a small buffet area (which we all need to try the next time because it is great deal), and the dining area.  The dining area was very empty, and decorated with faux mahogony Chinese furniture.  Above the area was a big screen TV connected to a satellite Chinese channel.  We began to browse the menu and noticed that the combination hot pot specials were for about less than $20.  The waitress assisted us by selecting one combination hot pot for the 4 of us, since ordering 4 hot pots each would be too much,  You are also handed  a sheet to mark off any extras, such as beef, lamb, vegetables, mushrooms, tofu, rice, etc...etc that you would also like to cook for yourself in the big bowl of hot broth.  We chose the combination of seafood and lamb hot pot.  She gave us a heaping plate of vegatables w/tofu,  a plate of raw shrimp, mussels, imitation crab (yuck!), and raw squid, and another plate of thinly sliced frozen lamb that were rolled like mini cigars.  They placed a large metal bowl that was divided like the Yin-Yang symbol and filled it with a warm broth.  It was brought to a boil with the little gas stove that it was placed on.   Once the broth was bubbling, we started throwing in some of the vegetables, seafood, and meat.  We dipped it in various sauces that we alone created at the sauce station near the door.  My favorite was to mix the bbq sauce, with chili oil, and garlic in garlic juice and some green onions to give it some crunchy zing.  It goes sweet, spicy than tangy...It was quite tasty when the lamb or tofu was dipped in because they absorbed the flavors so well.  Because it was in the hot pot, anything that you removed from the broth was steaming warm.  It was very satisfying for the cool night that it was.  You cooked the shrimp till it turned a bright orange, but not too long bc it will become tough.  I was a big fan of the enoki mushrooms, I just love the crunch it has when you bite in your mouth, plus the flavors and moistness of the mushroom.    The lamb was humming full with flavor.  Not bad for being frozen.  We did end up ordering more items, such as enoki and lamb.  We also decided to venture and try deep fried fermented tofu.  These beautiful golden deep fried puffy cubes have this wonderful crisp when you first bite into them, and then finishes off with a very pungent smell that slowly drifts up your nose and down your throat.  Wow, talk about strong flavors.  I really recommend to not burp around people or accidentally covering your mouth while you burp.  ha..ha..  it is definitely worth a try.  We were also amazed how busy the restaurant became after we arrived.  It seems that 7:30 is a busy time for this place.  All in all, I would have to say I'm a fan of this restaurant.  I loved the selectons in modifying your bowl of hot broth  that came with a total bill that just can't be beat.  I walked out of that restaurant with an especially content and warm chubby belly that evening.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/26/2009,761,878,5,10,7>Studio B Buffet was GREAT. First of all, just like Paolo D. mentions, the decor is awesome. Very modern and very nice. I also liked the tables - very minimalistic yet nice looking, not the usual plain boring seats you see at restaurants. One of the things that first astonished me was the free, unlimited wine and beer. I have never been to any other buffet that offers this. Heading to the food line, I was surprised to see how much food there was. The food line was very long and offered everything such as American, Italian, Greek/Mediterranean, Italian, Meats, Chinese, Mexican, Japanese, etc. Most of the food I tried was excellent. Some of it was okay, but that's understandable since it would be hard to have every item out of so many to taste great. I particularly liked the several fishes I tried and also the baked salmon at the cutting station. The sashimi and salads were also great.Last but not least, I loved the dessert options. I tried the creme brulee and chocolate gelato.. yummy. If you're looking for a new buffet to try out, check out the Studio B Buffet. I definitely want to go back next time.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,5/25/2009,312,239,6,8,7>I felt like I was in Europe again, but cuter. All the food stations are divided into different categories. I read a description of Le Village Buffet as the "Disneyland of all buffets," and that is totally accurate. They've idealized and cartoonized Europe, and the different stations add onto this Disney-like "Europe in a nutshell" feel. The atmosphere of the hotel itself is good, and they've just carried that over into the buffet. Hands down, the funnest (yea that's right, I made it a word) looking buffet I've ever been in. As for the food, I found it to be yummy. A lot of different dishes and for the most part I enjoyed it! They even had sushi, which was a nice change. I was really excited about the crab legs when I got there, but they were so damn hard to eat with so little payoff that I ended up giving up on them. The top of the creme brulee was perfect though! I like my tops hard, thick, and toasted. Le Village Buffet succeeded on all 3! & The crepes are tasty, but they didn't have strawberry fruit filling! @(#&*$! Strawberry is the OG of all fruit fillings. Luckily the chocolate and caramel syrup were good. Lick your plate good. Literally. Service was fair. They cleared the tables at a good pace and provided me with a beverage, but weren't overly friendly or super on top of things. No matter, I don't go to a buffet for the service anyways. Overall, the food is good, service is fair, but the atmosphere is excellent! Don't forget your stretchy pants!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,5/24/2009,573,1059,7,9,7>I felt like a cash chucker the moment I pulled up in the taxi. My wife and I were "invited" to stay at the Wynn for 3 nights and enjoy $200 gambling credit. When we confirmed the trip, we made our list of demands: high floor, view, etc. They were all honored and then some. The room could have housed a handful of people. Our view was the golf course and the planes landing and taking off from the airport. I found myself drinking my beer, staring out the window. My only complaint was at check in, when the lady saw we were not paying anything, she did get cold for a second, but we couldn't let that get us down. The concierge hooked us up with passes to the club at Encore and Wynn, the housekeeping lady organized my huge mess of toothbrush, deodorant, face wash.... we left it all out and when we returned, the bathroom was extremely organized. The casino is one of the better ones in Vegas. It's also a lot less smokey in there. The drink servers were around when I needed them the most (at all times). For me though, what truly made this trip was when I left my wife's Burberry sunglasses in the taxi from Dunkin Donuts. In a panic, we called the taxi company, ran downstairs and told everyone we could think of. After an hour, we said our goodbyes to the glasses and went out to gamble and shop. When we returned, we had a message saying the glasses were at the hotel! It saved my marriage!! The free stay worked for us. We have told all our friends and family about the great experience. How great the pool is, how beautiful the pools are, how the building blocks the sun and 1/2 of the pool empties out as people run to the sunlight, and then the water gets chilly and then you run and jump into the hot tub, which hit the spot everyday.  I won't stay anywhere else when I return to Vegas.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,5/23/2009,1531,1061,7,10,10>This review is SOLELY for the makeup mastery of Michelle at the YSL counter.  I totally don't know why I didn't remember to write a review sooner since my trip was in the summer.I love MAC products, but let's admit it, many of the girls who work there themselves and on their customers cake the makeup on!  I love having that sexy nighttime smokey eye look, but if I went to MAC to get my makeup done it would be 1000 times more intense and probably take a lot longer to wash off.  Michelle knows her stuff, she actually used to work at MAC awhile back; so she can give you that MAC look without caking on the makeup!  She gave me the best makeover for two nights in a row for the clubs.  I kept receiving compliments all night and had way better Vegas b-day pictures because of her.  Go see visit her at the YSL counter, she's so sweet and talented.  She'll make you look so damn hot!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,5/22/2009,112,111,4,11,9>The Palazzo made me fall in love with Vegas.  My worst fear has come true.  Now I can't stay anywhere else beside the Palazzo when I return.  All my friends and family always raved about the Venetian so I originally had my mind set on the Venetian.  I was going to go there and pay the ridiculous $200+/per night to experience the luxury myself.  Then last minute before we left on our trip my friend tells me that she got 2 nights at the Palazzo for FREE.  I now get to stay at the newer Venetian property (newest resort on the strip!).  My dream is only getting better and better.I was speechless when I arrived.  It was as if I walked into heaven.  I had also been so sleep deprived the past couple nights so my initial impression may have been overly dramatic.  All I could think was I want to go to the suite to see if its really as beautiful as the pictures online - YES it is!!  The pictures really do speak for itself.  I'm not sure what else I could say that the pictures cannot.  It was extremely spacious (700 sq ft), marble everything, two 32" flat screen TVs, a 17" LCD and vanity/bench in the bathroom, double sink, separate jacuzzi from shower, and the decor was just perfect.The pools at the Palazzo were so beautiful too and there was plenty of seating.  Some of the chairs were even IN the water which was nice.  The staff would come around and ask if we would like a cool towel for our face.  Now that is relaxation - I seriously had no care in the world at that moment!  We also checked out Tao Beach Club (at Venetian) since it was connected to the Palazzo.  Wow - Vegas really is the epitome of sin and ecstasy.  Imagine a nightclub but by day, music blasting, cabanas/beds everywhere, beautiful women in bikinis, men with dynamite bodies, dancing and drinking in the pool.  This was like spring break minus the teeny boppers, only the 21+ crowd were admitted.The location of the Palazzo was really great too.  You're connected to the Wynn Hotel and Fashion Show Mall.  The Mirage and Treasure Island is also just across the street.  We didn't even need to cab it when we went to eat at the Wynn buffet and later to Tryst (Nightclub at Wynn).  Before we came to the Palazzo, my friends and I were on a losing streak (a few hundreds) so we decided not to gamble again until our last day.  Either it was our lucky day or the Palazzo turned the table around for us because we all started winning - some of us played tables and others played slots but we all doubled up. All I can say is that the entire stay was complete bliss.  I could not be more happier with the Palazzo.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,5/21/2009,70,13,11,10,8>Well, I don't have much to compare it to, since this was the very first strip club I've ever gone to... but it was pretty damn memorable.My friends and I went here after midnight because my friend's girlfriend turned 21 at midnight... but it was packed!!! We guessed it was because it was the last day of AVN.. meh.There weren't any free seats, until about 20 to 30 mins of standing around and people watching... what else could I do? I have never seen so many exposed breasts in my life. We finally swooped on a row of couch seats and proceeded to get our smoke and drink on. No matter how many drinks I had, I could NOT get drunk in there. There were 4 guys and 2 girls (including me) in my group and we ALL had a great time. I only wished we were allowed to bring cameras in... haha.My boyfriend paid for my first 3 song lap dance. At first, I was like.. meh... but Yuki had the smoothest skin and a nice body. That was the first time I've ever cupped a woman's boobs. It was great.
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,5/20/2009,456,631,9,9,9>Ah yes, how could I not go to the city of sin and see some pin ups. If you know me, you know I love them. I have a pin up tattoo, do burlesque and admire Bettie Page (RIP). Upon a referral from Kiki I had to visit this store.I really did love their selection. The clearance section --which I could afford-- unfortunately did not hold treasures for me, fluorescent floral design and all. The cut of the apparel seemed to highlight a woman's curves and not give the illusion of a stuffed sausage or two pigs fighting under a blanket. I got some cushion, but I don't want to look like a bean bag in a dress.The accessories were adorable, shoes, bags etc...and they had a good variety of tees as well. Alas, I was broke, and figured my boobs wouldn't fit into any teeny tiny cute tops or sale items, so I drooled from afar. It was a welcome pit stop after the Bebe's, attack of the tight black pants stores and bedazzled denim hats and jackets I had to dodge in the mall.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/19/2009,316,154,13,12,14>Went to Tryst last Saturday night and loved it. Since we were staying at the Wynn, we were able to get on the guest list through the concierge. She also gave us passes so we didn't have to pay a cover. When we got there at around midnight there was a massive line; but for whatever reason, one of the bouncers walked us to the front. I almost felt bad for passing up the girls standing in line wearing "dresses" fashioned out of brightly colored beer cozies. But not really.The space was luxuriously decorated, and the outdoor area made it less stuffy and gross. The music was good, except when the DJ played that stupid fucking Pitbull song I hate THREE FUCKING TIMES. Anyway. We were able to get a table for free (we jacked it, whatever) so we were good on alcohol the entire night. Bottle service is gangsta.Even though I had an awesome time there, I'm almost scared to go back in case I have to wait in line or pay for anything next time. I'm lame.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2009,5/17/2009,515,371,7,13,11>Review 300 goes to my favorite hotel in Vegas...THEhotel.I absolutely love THEhotel.  We got a great deal through Orbitz along with our flight.  The rooms are set up like suites.  They have a separate living room, huge bedroom (comfy beds), and 2 bathrooms (with great smelling soap!).  In addition, they have two huge flat screen TVs and another one in the bathroom too!  The bathrooms also come with a big, luxurious tub.  :)   Our view was amazing as well.  I also love how it is part of Mandalay Bay.  It would be great to come back in the summer to stay at THEhotel and be able to enjoy the incredible pools there as well.  Mix Lounge at the top of the hotel is really nice too.I would definitely recommend staying here.  I know that I'll be back for sure!!!
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,5/15/2009,506,836,13,24,22>This resort is fantastic.  Just getting into the elevator and walking down the hall to your room makes you feel like you've accomplished something in your life.The rooms are decorated in chocolate brown and white, very modern and very nicely done.  The beds are incredible.  Very comfortable, complete with a down comforter and Egyptian cotton sheets.  There is a 42" plasma TV in front of the bed and two very comfortable chairs on the side, with a touch-to-turn-on lamp in between.The bathroom is big.  The floor is black & white marble.  The walls are chocolate.  The tub is deep.  The shower is separate.  The toilet area is separate.  There are two sinks.  The faucets are modern.  There is another flat screen TV.Wifi, valet parking and bell hop service are among my favorite amenities included in the 24.99 /night resort fee.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/1/2008,5/13/2009,315,242,73,57,52>Completely and utterly RIDICULOUS.We came here for - surprise, surprise - a bachelorette party, but in stark contrast to the other partygoers, we were completely sober.  Which ensured that I can reiterate with absolute confidence: completely and utterly RIDICULOUS.The show started with a very loud montage of shows that these guys have been on - the View, Oprah, Jennifer Love Hewitt talking *about* them on Jay Leno.  It was essentially an extended commercial for something that we were already there for.  Then the guys came out and did a group dance that looked more like an aerobics routine than the HAWTEST ALL-MALE REVUE IN THE WORLD.  This is how it went:1.  Group dance: aerobics, aerobics, aerobics...FLASH CHEST! (crowd screams)...aerobics, aerobics, aerobics...FLASH ABS! (crowd screams)...aerobics, aerobics, aerobics...FLASH CHEST AGAIN! (crowd screams).  Guys go amongst the crowd (crowd screams).2.  Individual dance: guy comes out, does aerobics, comes out into the crowd to find a cute veiled bachelorette to join him onstage.  Said bachelorette accepts lapdance, fondles chest and ass, gets a hug, and goes back to her seat.  Dancer does more aerobics then returns backstage.Repeat steps 1 and 2 ad nauseum, then end show with step 1 again.We were hoping for a lot of ass, maybe a glimpse of the package, but all we got was a lot of aerobics performed by men with too many clothes on.  Seriously, when they took off a pair of pants, (SURPRISE!) there was ANOTHER pair of pants on underneath.  When they took off the boxer briefs, (SURPRISE!) there was a g string on underneath.  They would have lasted freaking forever in a game of strip poker.  I'm giving them an extra star for the sheer amusement they gave me (I laughed A LOT during this show), and because one of the guys shook my hand at the end.  Oh, and for all the Guns 'N Roses and Bon Jovi.  But really, why do women have to sit through all this crap when female strippers get right to the point and go straight for the pole?  Hey Mick Dundee, dispose of the cheese and just show me your damn goods.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2008,5/11/2009,269,190,10,11,8>Ohana is one of my Fave Five on my phone. Why not? With addictive favorites like their Saimin, Chicken Katsu (I swear, if you're gonna ingest processed deep-fried breaded stuff anyway you might as well enjoy it), Loco Moco, and all matters of curry, it's the perfect pick-me-up for the long haul. Add the extra calories and mayo goodness of the traditional macaroni salad side, and you're easily consuming close to Phelpsian calories if you eat here three times a day. Which I was doing, at one point in my life, until I couldn't bear to smell the Katsu or the green curry sauce any more without dry heaving. Then 24 hours would pass, I'd realize that there are no more leftovers in the fridge, and I'd hit them up again. When placing phone orders, it's often a toss up whether you get the bored college dude or the congenial older lady who doesn't multitask very well, but has a winning smile that reminds me of my cooler senile aunts. At first, I attributed this to her newness on the job, but still getting my usual order screwed up six months later is just bad organizational skills. Not a big deal though, just something to keep in mind when making complex orders over the phone. PROTIP: When ordering lunch, call in around 1130. This gives them enough time to open and warm up the ingredients, but does not place you amid the lunch rush. Dinner is often the reverse; I've gotten hefty helpings AFTER the dinner rush many times, a fortunate occurrence I attribute to calling in that brief moment of clarity between "holy shit that was brutal" and "we're almost closed." Experiment as you wish, results may vary.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,5/10/2009,15,227,3,3,3>This place is probably the most popular one to go to right now. They charged girls $20 and guys $30 unless you have local id, then it would be $20 I think. Here, you can find a younger crowd. There's a good mixture with music. This place is gorgeous. The whole Encore is worth walking around. Very nicely decorated.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2009,5/9/2009,10,39,3,4,3>So I didn't even know its right there on the Strip until my friend invited me to her casual birthday party there, and now I'm in love with the place!Here are some of the stuff off the menu that were ordered:Frozen hot chocolate - very chocolatey and refreshing, kinda on the slushy side instead of the creamy sideDeep fried oreo (sundae) -  the waitress told us its not actually deep fried, but the oreos taste cripy and oh so good (drool).  the oreos are topped with scoops of ice cream and whip cream and so so yummy!Chocolate cake (sundae) - woos n ahhhs r the first reactions for everyone at the table! a giant slice of rich chocolate cake on top of scoops of chocolate ice cream and topped with lots of fresh whip cream.  a very visual and tasty dessertStrawberry cheese cake (sundae) - i didnt get to taste this one but it looks gorgeous, looks kinda like the chocolate cake sundae with a generous slice of cheese cake, topped with fresh whip cream and strawberries, and all that sitting on freshly made strawberry ice creamPopcorn shrimp - that actually comes with handfuls of popcorn as a side, super funSpinach dip and chips - nothing special, and the dip is a bit on the greasy sideCaesar chicken salad - somebody at the table said its the best caesar salad they've ever had!  bed of greens tossed in caesar dressing, topped with giant 2" cubes of garlic crutons that are both soft and crunchy, and just the right amount of chicken strips, perfection!Salmon nice salad - such a wonderful and fulfilling salad with all the yummy ingredients, generous portion of grilled salmon, handful of olives, string beans, fingerling potato coins, sundried tomatoes and red bellpepper, all dressed in a tangy dress. yummalicious!Asian chicken salad - beautifully presented, lots of chicken and chopped greens tossed in asian sweet dressing.  served with chopsticks and a fortune cookie.  very fun!Some kind of steak sandwich (not sure about the name) - served with side of fried, this sandwich is served on a footlong french roll filled with large pieces of steak, topped with lots of cripy bacons, then topped with 3 sunny side up eggs!  I didnt get to taste it, but the friend who ordered it said its soooooo gooood.  good enough for me!If you've been to Hash House a Go Go on the west side, this place to me is like the dessert/super casual version of it.  The portions are big, and seriously should be shared for anyone watching what they're eating (i.e. me).  Such a fun place, I highly recommanded especially when the weather is nice outdoor, you get to sit right on the Strip!  One concern is that the food kinda takes a while to get to the table, but its definitely worth the wait in my opinion =)
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,5/7/2009,37,234,2,5,4>Unfortunately, due to the poor economy, this store has been closed. They are, however, still accepting orders via their website. Really sad, because it was a nice little shop.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2009,5/3/2009,292,759,10,4,7>Yelp HQ informed me I needed to actually write a review rather than just making public service announcements. My review is this is a nice small airport for tour planes, executive planes and the like, but if you're flying in on a private plane the Henderson executive airport is much better!Can you idiots please stop reviewing this airport when you actually should be reviewing McCarran Airport? I know you love using yelp as a soapbox for how crappy Vegas is and how stupid the slots everywhere are, but can you do it in the proper place... Under the name of the actual airport. NOTE: A few people were clever enough to review this airport for what it is... a small airport used for private planes, scenic tours, etc.. this is not the airport your southwest airplane flew into people.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2009,5/1/2009,131,570,4,7,6>My bosses, a co-worker and I decided to go here for lunch.The inside is nice. I like the bricks and the wine cellar look. They DO have a lot of wine, so the name is appropriate.I made the mistake of ordering the raviolis. But I asked the waiter whether I should get the raviolis or the manicotti. I'm Italian. It's all good. He suggested that I get the ravioli dish because the sauce is excellent.Okay, I'm starving and it took forever for our plates to come.I got FIVE RAVIOLIS. Are you kidding me? $15 for 5 mediocre-sized raviolis. $3 a piece?!?!?!?The sauce WAS good, but I wasn't satisfied after eating that. Even if I licked the plate clean I would've been hungry.I finished eating WAY before anyone else and their meals were the same price. The eggplant parmesan was cooked perfectly, too bad my co-worker ordered it. I wish I had.Left hungry...They have a huge dessert menu and all bottles of wine are 50% off on Mondays.The cheesecake looked excellent. So did the waiter...   ;x
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,4/30/2009,198,42,6,11,8>There are so many buffets in Las Vegas...where do you go to get your money's worth?Going to Studio B is like going to Disneyland.  You cannot do it all in one shot.  You have to plan.  Tonight...I shall concentrate on the Seafood, or Italian, or American.  Unless you really can just get a tiny bit of everything just so you can taste it.  The seafood buffet is so worth the money.  It was a good incentive to send us locals a coupon for a free buffet and to also sign-up for their IMAGINE REWARDS CARD which gets you a $2 discount off the meal and a free brunch.  I have been warned the lines is crazy long and need to go quite early.  We weren't really planning to go ...just wanted to check out the new casino and sign up for the card.  Passed by the buffet and the line was not to long so we decided to go and try it out.  We must have waited in line for maybe 50 minutes.  Not bad considering it was 3pm and Seafood Buffet already started.  (The seafood buffet starts at 2:30pm on Saturday.  - and the buffets include all you can drink beer and wine...WOW)They must have had 4 crableg stations.  Hot and  cold.  Oysters, shrimp, there was this huge white fish maybe 3 foot long they were carving and also like a 2 foot long salmon.  It was hard to choose what to eat but what I did try I was not disappointed with.  The one thing I was disappointed with is name cards.  I wished there was names on the glass shield to tell you what you are looking at or about to taste.   The sashimi was quite fresh and yummy.  So can I eat some more???..... too full and I have not even tasted half of everything.  (Will just have to save that for the next time- good we live close....lol)Time for dessert.  Soooooooooooo good and yummmms.  Creme brulee was perfect, flan was hella good, they even had pink meringue cookies, fruits on the tart pie was to die for, chocolate souffle was stupendous, yum yum yum!!!!!   We tipped our waitress for great service and a smile and stopped by the ice cream station.  Not just 4-5 flavors to choose from like some places.......LOTS to choose from.  Chocolate, coffee, mango, coconut, pistachio, strawberry and others more!!!!So...for those who do not have a coupon, it is worth even the full price.  Just don't bring somebody that does not eat much...lol.  Go hungry, don't wear tight pants and get ready for your tastebuds to go on an adventure.  (No - I have not tried the Bellagio Buffet- heard it is good.  Next on the list)
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,4/27/2009,7,38,3,4,5>I had a great time at Palm!  My 'Fiance took me here because it's one of his favorite's because the food is constently great.  Went here for my birthday and sat out on the patio area.  The service and food were both very good.  Love the atmosphere out on the patio.  Ceasars is already one of my favorite Hotels - I will definately be going back to Palm.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,4/26/2009,508,259,12,6,4>One of my favorite pool parties. Wet republic brings lots of great djs (GIRLS!) and it is so chill and not so much like rehab where you can get stds from staring at the pool. Plus (GIRLS) its a great chillaxin atmosphere where I felt (GIRLS) like I had to be too cool for school. 944 had cabanas there most of the summer so it was nice to chill there (GIRLS) and drink and just enjoy the sights(GIRLS). Sundays are always the best day to go(GIRLS) The last party I was at there was with Benny Benassi and he brought a nice crowd(GIRLS) . Really with the season winding down...I can't wait for the next batch(of GIRLS) ;)
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2009,4/24/2009,110,209,6,4,4>I pull in off the 215 on Eastern, and locate this restaurant, but the drive thru has three or four cars stacked up, so I walk inside. I'm the second customer waiting to order. The counterperson looks up and greets me warmly. The person in front of me starts to order, then the manager also looks up from behind the counter and greets me, and I'm thinking "Really, really friendly!". Another minute or two while the person in front of me changes their mind about their order, and then....The hispanic woman stationed at the drive-thru window turns around with a scowl on her face, stalks over to the partition between the cashier and the cooks where the burgers come out, leans over toward the cooks, and says in a voice loud enough for everyone in the restaurant to hear (and I quote) "MUCHO BLAH BLAH BLAH!!"I smiled so big when she turned around to go back to the drive-thru she winked at me.Now that's what I call a sign of the times. :) Absolutely hilarious.For the record, I was in and out of this Carl's Jr. in less than ten minutes, start to finish, but the cars in the drive thru were still stacked three and four deep.  I vote this restaurant "Best In Chain" for Carl's Jr. of all the Carl's Jr.'s I've been to in Las Vegas."MUCHO BLAH BLAH BLAH!" to all Carl's Jr. cooks everywhere! "MUCHO BLAH BLAH BLAH!"LOLOLOL!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,4/23/2009,1362,984,6,10,8>Yun Nan Garden was brought to my attention courtesy of my fellow yelpers.  The Husband and I tried once before to check out this 'authentic' Chinese restaurant hidden away in the Spring Mountain area but arrived when it was closed.We were on a mission and had a (small) crowd with us.  Taking no reservations, the five of us arrived around 6:30 pm on a Friday night.  With plenty of tables available, the waitress seemed conflicted as to where to put us.  In the end, a round table in the middle was where we ended up.Our menu:   * Boiled Beef with Szechuan Sauce ($9.25) - Arriving in a large bowl, pretty tasty stuff that you need lots of white rice to eat with.  Lots of spice and oil, but pretty good and is amongst their specialties.* Wild Pepper Tofu ($7.85) - Soft tofu with lots of flavor and gravy.  Another good choice!* Eggplant in Garlic Sauce ($7.85) - Really good as well, although not the favorite of the bunch.  * Local Style Dry Pot Chicken ($9.25) - At least that's what I think we ordered...it arrived with a fire going on beneath it.  Others really enjoyed it, but it was okay to me.* A pork or chicken dish with green bell peppers - It was a good dish, without the gravy.  It had hidden heat amongst the green bell peppers because green chilies were hiding in the dish.I had low expectations on service, and you really don't come here for service.  No one spoke or understood any English, which was a major problem.  Only Mandarin speaking only!  We thought they forgot about a dish because it took so long, and we think they really did.  It eventually came out at the end.Our second visit was a party of five again and this was our menu:* Boiled Fish and Beef in Szechuan Special Sauce ($10.25) - Any of their "boiled" things in Szechuan special sauce is a good choice.* Wild Pepper Tofu ($7.85) * Local Style Dry Pot Chicken ($9.25) * Potato ($7.85) - The Husband saw a lot of people ordering this on our first visit, so we had to get it.  It's potato that's been stir-fried without the spice.  It's a light dish and we liked it so much that it inspired us to make it at home.  (It comes out different at home, more like Chinese-style hash browns when I do it!)* Sauteed (Garlic Sauce) Seasonal Vegetable ($7.85) - The vegetable was snow pea shoots which are always good when cooked with garlic.* Pork Intestines - Stir-fried with lots of veggies.  It was good, but we just ordered too much food this time around.Service was better the second time around, only because there was one waitress who spoke and understand English very well, AND she spoke Cantonese, which helped since my mom was there.  But everyone else who worked there just looked at us as if we were aliens whenever we tried to ask about anything.  I also had some problems getting my credit card receipt.  They gave me one to sign, but nothing to keep.  When I asked for it, it was a big deal to get a copy and I think it's because they really didn't understand that I just wanted my credit card receipt.Go with a large group so you can try more things.  One dish for every person should be an ample amount.  The food is pretty authentic and there's a definite heat in it.  Most diners are native Chinese and this place definitely fills up by 7:30 pm.  Just don't have any expectations with service or anyone speaking English.3.5 for really tasty and authentic Chinese food but negatives for crap service.(Pics posted!)
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2009,4/22/2009,44,90,5,6,7>I hit up the Fitzgerald's Poker Room yesterday after my roommate and I had won quite a bit at the South Point blackjack tables the night before.  Having never been to a live poker room, I was a little nervous when slapping my money down for the 12pm No-Limit Hold-Em tournament.  Yeah, it was only a $35 buy-in but being my first time and all I didn't know what to expect.I wouldn't call this a room but more like a fenced off area upstairs near the theater where Country Superstar's perform.  The tables are nice enough and I couldn't complain about the chairs (probably because I was so focused on the game).  The waitresses were very attentive and charged no more than tips, as usual.Management was on top of the game from the beginning, alerting us to re-buys, add-ons and alternate players.  Since there were only 22 players, we had only 2 dealers (18 started and 4 were added in thru alternates) who swapped out after every break.  Both were doing just fine with few mistakes.I took 8th and missed the money but had a great time at my first live game.  Considering the overall low cost of the tournament, I would do this again.  There was no action going on elsewhere in the room (no cash games), but I will update when I play one of these.After I was knocked out, I went downstairs and won my money back and then some on the $5 blackjack table.  It was a good day.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2008,4/21/2009,56,84,5,7,5>I may be Indian, but since coming to Vegas and befriending Koreans in my class, I have quickly become an avid fan of Korean bbq. I've been to a bunch of places in Chinatown, none of which I can remember their names...except for this one...and that's because it's my favorite!Unless you are a Korean foodie or Korean yourself, I would suggest going with Korean friends, so they can order for you and cook the meat for you at the table. Each table comes with it's own "stove" of sorts, and you cook the meat and veggies on it. I usually get chicken, which they will cook in the kitchen for me, because they will spice and sauce it up just the way I like it!You also get a bunch of appetizer dishes before your main course, this includes fish cakes (my personal fave), kimchi (spicy pickled veggies), seaweed, bean sprouts, etc etc. This place is also 24 hours, though I would never venture into Chinatown alone past 10 pm. :pIf it's your first time trying Korean bbq...go to this place!
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2008,4/20/2009,90,68,16,7,7>I don't think I ever knew what premature aging looked like before I watched The Rachel Zoe Project, which prompted me to vow to never use a tanning bed again because tanning bed = Rachel Zoe's face: realityrollcall.com/wp-c But what is a pasty bitch to do? I don't like fake... fake hair, fake nails, fake boobs, fake tans... to me, a fake tan is comparable to wearing a wig: everybody knows that fake ass switch isn't real!! It's impossible to walk around in public with one without being aware of it at all times, a fake tan is an albatross. I've been using the high pressure tanning beds here for years, which are always clean and upgrades are cheap for those of you interested in getting your premature aging on ($10 for a standard bed, $5 if you buy a package, upgrades are $10-$20). My sister and I were feeling adventurous last night, and so we decided to get our spray tan on, despite the aforementioned albatross situation. I had never used Mystic tan before, I had only been airbrushed once, and I was expecting to look ridiculous (we are getting a Christmas portrait done today and I thought it would compliment our bejeweled matching sweaters and leggins combo). So anyway, I get into the booth, I put my little surgical bonnet on, I rub barrier cream all over my feet, hands, elbows, etc. I get in the chamber naked, I get all gas chambered out, I have a massive panic attack, I get out, I dry off, I get dressed, I go home, I look retarded, I go to sleep, I wake up, I look even more retarded, I take a shower, and I still look retarded. So now I know, and because I know, you know: only get a Mystic tan if you want to intentionally look retarded. I will stick to airbrushing from now on.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,4/19/2009,887,1183,,4,3>This place is pretty close to my house, and I've been meaning to try this place out for awhile.  When my friends wanted to grab a bite at a "low key place," this one came right to mind.  They had two soups to choose from for my friend that just had jaw surgery, so that was that.  Right before I left I happened to check restaurant.com, and they had a $25 gift certificate for sale for $10.  I bought that and headed over there to meet my friends.We discovered there was a $35 minimum for the gift certificate, but it included drinks.  We ran up a $65 tab or so with two beers (imperial-size microbrews for $5, not bad), two entrees (I had the fish of the day -- blackened tuna, which was very good), and an appetizer.  After the gift certificate, it was $40, plus the $10 we paid, so $50.  Oh, and that included an 18% gratuity.Our server was very friendly, and was very good.  The kitchen messed up and gave me mashed potatoes instead of the rice pilaf I asked for, but they made up for it by bringing out a large plate of rice pilaf, so it was all good.  Apparently it's happy hour all day Friday and Saturday at the bar with $6 apps, so that's a selling point, too.  I'll definitely pop back into this spot, especially if their menu is 24/7, which I think it is.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/25/2008,4/18/2009,7,7,4,5,4>Went here last night to meet some friends for the Rock N' Roll Wine event they were having......  The three stars are for the decor and ambiance ONLY......  The staff.....?  well...... it appeared they were either all in sync with their "time" of the month and clearly NOT too happy about it, or, they were simply unhappy about the corncob that somehow lodged itself into their a@#*....either way, did not make for very friendly treatment..... that being said, we ordered a few appetizers which clearly we should have left in the kitchen..... ordered the fondue..... great little pot of cheese but it was too bad they didn't have time to run down to Smith's and buy more things to actually dip into the cheese..... obviously they ran out of stuff and decided to throw a bunch of the garnish from the bar onto the plate..... guess they figured, "hey, you're dipping it in cheese anyway....."..... all together, there were about 5 grapes, 3 slices of apple, 2 or 3 florrets of cauliflower and broccoli and 4 cubes of cornbread.....  kind of bargain for $20 wouldn't you say.....  we also ordered satay and received 2 small pieces of chicken and 2 pieces of beef...... and, as a final slap in the face..... it wasn't at all appetizing..... at least nothing to write home about.....  the best part of the entire evening was the open bar for ladies from 9 - 10.....    they had a DJ who played 30 second snippets of every song.... just when you were getting in to one, it stopped and another came on..... got a bit discumbobulating......  Again, it gets three stars for the ceiling treatment, the lighting over the bar and the extremely cool tile mosaic chairs at the front door......
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,4/17/2009,2,34,6,6,5>The GF and I stopped by this place about a week ago for some good ol' Que. This place is fairly small and most of the employees seemed to be family.I was fairly hungry and figured "I'm at the rib crib, I should order the ribs." (usually not what I order at BBQ). I ordered the full rack baby backs with 2 sides for......$18.... I think. My sides were the sweet potato fries and mac and cheese.  The GF ordered "Lots O' Meat Deal". She ordered the pulled pork and 2 orders of brisket (the girl loves her some brisket) with sweet potato fries and fried okra. I think it was about $15. So our food came out in a timely manner and we started gobbling it up. My ribs were very tender. The first bone I picked up slid out of the meat. They weren't soggy but not dry either. I can't tell you how much I LOVED THE BBQ SAUCE. The ribs seemed to be boiled then grilled... not the way I usually enjoy them (smoked.......mmmm....) but none the less very tasty. The sweet potato fries were crispy not mushy like most, very good, and the mac and cheese wasn't the creamy version but more of a casserole type...not the best but pretty good. Oh ya and the cornbread was not very good... I don't think I even ate it all...that's very unusual. I'm a cornbread junkie.The GF's plate was filled with SO MUCH MEAT!!!!!!!! AHA.... I just wanted to shove my face into the plate and inhale....what a great death that would be..... anyways......2 huge portions of brisket and a huge helping of pulled pork. I have to say everything on her plate was defiantly worth eating again. Brisket was nicely sliced and the pork was extremely soft and tender. As far as I could tell none of their meat is smoked but as I said before it was still very good. Her fried okra was also good and I'm not a huge okra fan.Didn't try any of the desserts (had to save room for AYCE sushi 4 hours later) but they all looked fabulous. I would officially give this place 3.5 stars but I'm gonna round up not down for the yelp score. Service was great and everyone was extremely friendly. THE BBQ SAUCE AT THIS JOINT IS ON POINT!!!!Check 'em out... I recommend the "Lots O' Meat Meal Deal".... it's a lot of food for a real good price and you can sample three things they offer at the same time.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2008,4/16/2009,325,19,3,8,7>I give this place 3.5 stars.  I live very close by, and opt to go here or even order out.  Good sushi -- haven't had a bad experience here yet.  The staff is very friendly.My favorite dishes here are:The Volcano Roll, which is a baked california roll topped with scallops and mayo and rolled up in salmon,The Tuna Karai Sashimi, which is an awesome Japanese version of Hawaiian poke,and the Johnny Roll, a deliciously light shrimp tempura wrapped in cucumber.Besides the all you can eat they also have bento boxes available.  Overall a great place to eat sushi on the northwest side. :)
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,4/15/2009,358,399,3,3,3>I've been to many a Mimi.  I've yet to be disappointed at any of them, this location is no exception.  Took my daughter and sis for brunch.  I had the cajun chicken sausage and eggs with a pumpkin muffin.  it comes with a glass of oj - cost $9.50 .  it's actually a good deal considering the OJ - do you see what they charge for a glass of OJ at Denny's - holy cow ! Though i gotta admit, the sausage sure tasted like something i bought at trader joes a few months ago.sis' eggs benedict - just ok - ham slice too thick and a little too salty.  not enough hollandaise sauce.Daughters chicken pesto ciabatta - big sammie - love  the pesto !i tell ya one thing - the location is a little odd - at the far end of this huge shopping center - and let me tell you, the access to the center sucks big time.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2008,4/13/2009,38,199,4,6,6>They bumped up their prices a little. Its now $22 for lunch and $27 for dinner. But I calculated I ate well over $40 worth tonight. By myself. I'm gonna throw it all up anyways. jk. I tried inducing vomiting after a few large meals and could never get it to work out. I just dry heave. Speaking of dry heaving (unrelated), I bent over today to pick something up and close-mouth burped. I TOTALLY puked in my mouth. My stomach was pretty empty so it was like, pure bile. GROSS. I cried. Anyways. My circuit: two orders of salmon two orders of hamachi hirame with shiso half Moon roll (to satisfy the whitey in me) half Frying Jason (to satisfy the glutton) baked green mussel white tuna otoro green tea ice cream If you pay item by item, it averages $5 per for nigiri and $8 for rolls. You have to strategically order your items. Get your nigiri started first. Then order a roll during round two because it takes longer. There is a science to AYCE sushi. You must optimize your time. The chefs can get busy. And don't be a douche because the chef's mutter indiscretions about you under their breaths in Japanese if you piss them off. I also get a hot green tea. But that shit is piping hot. I have to let it cool off for like 10 minutes before I can even think about sipping it. I can't even hold the damn cup. I'm bummed they discontinued the anago. There aren't many places in Vegas where you can find anago. They also don't have Spanish mackerel. (Ichiza has it sometimes! Carpaccio) They also have uni. Its not on the menu. Neither is the white tuna or toro (I think). A big bonus is that they're open late, 2a. Wait, is that a bonus? Because I always gorge myself then want to go straight to bed. I went tonight at 1245a. It looked like the crowd was winding down. Then at like 115, three parties walked in. Last call is at 130. Normally. Unless three parties walk in at 115a. Sushi is aways good with a beer and sake. They always have the tv on ESPN. Sound off. * off the strip, non-casino
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,4/12/2009,4,22,4,5,3>My best friend introduced me to this nail salon back in the day. I stopped going when my favorite manicurist at the time, Cindy and her daughter who owned the salon sold it and moved to California. I have been going back now for about 3 months and I must say the new owner Mary and her husband are doing a wonderful job. There is one lady still there from when Cindy owned the salon, I don't remember her name unfortunatley. She is very good also she does my mom's nails and pedicure. They have made nice improvements to the salon. It is always very peaceful and relaxing, and very clean. Everyone is always really friendly and nice and do a beautiful job. I have always left pleased. I personally go to Leanne she is wonderful. My best friend moved to California and when she comes to visit, she still gets her nails done with me here.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,4/11/2009,1,13,5,4,4>A very unexpected find off the Strip.  Basically, a friend of mine was visiting with his girlfriend and was tired of paying the food prices on the Strip.  I've passed this place before and have wanted to stop in and this was the reason I was looking for to stop in since this place doesn't have the most inviting feel to it from the outside but has a nice mom & pop feel to it on the inside.  After that first encounter, I have been going here on a regular basis and got my roommates to fall in love with this place.  The food and prices are excellent and this place has a 24 hour drive through.  The only downside is that some of the employees (especially late at night) don't speak English very well so I have become a master at ordering my burrito in Spanish to avoid any issues.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,4/9/2009,15,32,4,4,5>Went to Wasted Space on a Thursday night.  The Sin City Sinners performed and special guest was Bruce Kulich (formerly of KISS).  Although I am not part of the KISS Army, I am a fan of rock-n-roll music.  This place delivered just that!Was not too crowded.  All ages, although believe the KISS name may have pulled in a few more aging rockstar wanna-be's than normal.The bathroom is co-ed.  In this case, it means a line for both guys and girls.  There was one bathroom attendant who was not so busy - since each and every guy that finished his business just walked right by the attendant and did not stop to wash their hands.  Perhaps this happens in every men's bathroom and I am just now privy to this knowledge ....Besides the restrooms, the place was pretty cozy.  Good dj in-between sets, Sin City Sinners totally "rock", and all the special guests were amazing, too!  Whenever I want to "rock out", this is the place I'd go.  For no cover charge, its worth checking out if you're in the area - especially on a Thursday night!
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,4/8/2009,67,135,5,5,6>One of the best dining experiences I've ever had. This was my choice for Valentines Day diner. This is how you know you had a good diner,...When there isn't one thing you didn't enjoy and everything you tried was really delicious. When it comes to sushi sometimes it's hard to have your taste buds surprised in a good way- this place did just that.The service was what I wish every place to be like! Our sushi came out pretty fast. Our waitress, Natasha was really nice. When we asked what she liked best she didn't just say the most expensive items she mentioned a few different choices. Also every plate we ordered she knew what it was and explained the dish to us  when she brought it out! Chef Fuji offers sushi "classes" (sushi and sake sessions). Our dinner orders where so beautiful we're defiantly considering taking a class, I'm sure we'd learn a thing or two! I was reading online that chef Fuji is the only master sushi chef in all of Nevada (this may or may not be true).One fact is that all of our fish was fresh, beautifully prepared, and delicious! The kobe beef short ribs where very savory. Our favorite item was the Tropical Salmon Sushi Roll: tuna, avocado, rolled with salmon, sliced mango, and a squeeze of lemon. The salmon and mango blended in both taste and texture so well, it was a really refreshing sushi roll. We ordered a sake sampler (which was all cold sakes) my favorite was the Shirakabegura Tokubetsu Junmai. If you come here please order the Hamachi/ Yellow Tail that was also one of our favorites. In the pictures you'll see we also got the Bento Box- crispy lobster, kobe satay, edamame dumplings, and chicken yahatamaki. And we got The "Marssa" with all soy paper, which is chef Fuji's specialty sushi and sashimi. It was so nice getting to try all these different bites, and when our waitress Natasha brought it out she knew everything that was in each of his specialties so again that made it more fun to try. Last but not least we ordered ice cream and the chocolate lava for desert. Our dinner came with amuse-gueule of seared hamachi and at the end with chocolate lollipops. We can't wait for patio dining to open up- the view of the lake is nice here and once the patio opens up it'll be even nicer. Lake Las Vegas is a drive if you live on the West side of town but trust me it's completely worth it and really nice break from the city! We'll be coming back here!
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,4/7/2009,59,66,4,6,4>I finally got to the Golden Steer last night, and it was simultaneously more and less than what I expected/hoped for. From the minute you walk in the, the odd juxtaposition of a nice steakhouse in a shitty strip mall makes it self known. Two of the signs on the doorway - "PROPER ATTIRE REQUIRED" & "RESTROOMS ARE FOR CUSTOMERS ONLY" are so rarely seen together. However, once you're inside the double entry-way, you have no idea you're on in a rundown plaza on the wrong side of Sahara. There's a very nice looking bar/lounge area immediately at the entrance, and the maitre'd is to the right. We had reservations, just to be safe (I know, it's only Thursday), and were seated immediately. (The Marilyn Monroe booth, if it matters). The decor is nice, no doubt about it, and it pulls off that old steakhouse vibe very well, without feeling phony or pretentious. I was actually quite skeptical on this, but there were no disappointments there. Our waiter, who was a younger guy, and not the old dude everyone talks about, was cordial enough, but definitely didn't do anything amazing. On to the food...Appetizers:Toasted Ravioli - As Gordon H told me "Not gourmet by any means, but I love them." And that's what went through my head as I ate them. Good stuff, but you're not gonna confuse it for a fancy dish.Soup/salad:We skipped. The guy at the booth next to us ordered the Caeser though, and it looked good.Entree: 8oz Petit Filet: My guest had this, and she proclaimed it easily better than the bone-in filet at Joe's, but not better than Joe's ribeye. This really surprised me to hear, but I didn't taste it, so I can't confirm/disconfirm. 20oz? Ribeye: Pretty good, but not great.. I didn't get to finish it, so maybe it could've deserved better. Don't get me wrong, I wouldn't kick it out of bed, but it doesn't stack up to the competition IMO.Sides:Twice-baked potato: Con bacon. My fucking lady friend said that it was good. I think it was too, but I couldn't compare. Creamed spinach: Not great. Sweet & too creamy, in both of our opinions. Definitely outdone by Joe's & Del Frisco's here.Onion rings: We both saw the onion rings, prominently displayed on the menu, and hoped that they were some extra special dish. They even had an aura emanating from them upon arrival, but ultimately they were just above-average beer-battered rings. Desert:Bananas Foster: The fucking business. Flambéed table-side, as it should be. Our man with the frying pan had some liquor ignition issues, so he had to run to the back and start fresh, but the 2nd take went just fine. And the dish was well worth the wait. My FLF said it was definitely amongst the best she's had. I really enjoyed it, but I haven't had enough others to compare. Overall, I wouldn't rush back here for the steaks. There was a lot of seafood on the menu, which may be excellent for all I know. I will be returning to try the chicken/veal parmigiana, and definitely for deserts. Cool place though, and if I wasn't aware of other places I liked better, I'd probably come here a helluva lot more often.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,4/6/2009,62,93,6,6,6>Finally got a chance to dine here and I was very impressed.  Every person from chefs to servers were friendly and attentive.The Nobu influence is very unmistakeable.  We had the $55 omakaze tasting menu (#1 of 4 from what I'm told).  I see the others have already listed the dishes served with the omakaze #1 so I won't bore you with the details of each dish, I'll just make a couple comments.Yellowtail with jalapenos and sashimi salad were excellent, very fresh fish.  Miso cod, I'm kinda over this dish (probably had it once too many times at Nobu) but they do execute it very well here.  Filet Mignon - unexpected but solid.  Mixed sushi - nice to be able to sample all their fish - I liked the hamachi and salmon a lot but absolutely loved the halibut.  I felt the cake and ice cream were uninspired and the cake not that good.  Also a little heavy to end that meal with.  You must must must order the uni here.  If you've never had uni before this is the place to try it for your first time.  I thought I'd had good uni before but this was head and shoulders above the rest.$55/man with two people tax and tip plus the order of uni it was $160, not cheap but half the price of Nobu Hard Rock and imo a much better meal.I will report back when I return for omakazes #2 - #4.  Hopefully soon.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,4/5/2009,34,213,1,5,4>This might be the most ridiculous In-N-Out ever due to the massive neon sign along I-15.  Having grown up in San Diego, I'm no stranger to In-N-Out.  The burgers are great.  Well worth the wait for something that's truly made fresh in a fast food atmosphere.  I also love the shakes.  Too bad they're only served in one size.  Or maybe that's a good thing for my calorie count.This particular location is always packed.  I drive home around midnight every night and I've stopped through the drive-through and it's a solid 10 minute process or more.  I'm not sure if it's a tourist thing being near the strip, but this one is slower than most.  That's saying something since most In-N-Outs are always busy.  I'd suggest the In-N-Out in the northwest part of town for faster service.The only thing I am not impressed with are the fries.  I hardly ever get fries here.  It's a waste of time.  And of course there's the famed secret menu.  Look it up on the internets and you can find out how to get a grilled cheese and the like.  Good times.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/20/2008,4/4/2009,113,96,17,16,13>I don't play poker any more.  It's been over a year.  I had to stop when I had some numbers explained to me by a smarter man than myself.  His explanation went a little something like this: It's sort of Hollywood with people talking about how they win at the game.  The rake takes a bigger bite than most think.  If you're sitting at a ten handed table where each player has $300, and they're doing 30 hands an hour at $4 house rake per hand, plus tips to the dealer, that's one player being literally eaten by the house every 2 hours.  So if you put in an 8 hour session, 4 of those 10 starting players would be up in smoke, money completely gone to the house, by the end of that period.  Money off the table not winnable by you.  Yeah.  Sucks eh?  So even before you've started jousting with those highly refined table sharks hungrily eyeing your chips at popular poker joints like the MGM (note to 20 something alt punk: get a real job, even if it's making sandwiches, still better), you're sort of starting at a disadvantage, to all the money being sucked up by the black hole that is the house.  Your odds might even be better putting it all on red at that nice pretty roulette wheel over there.  47% versus a table full of sharks, and a hungry house?  I'll take the almost coin flip, I'm no Michael Phelps and a lot of those sharks look fast.  I suppose my real point is that, as with the move from 2:3 blackjack to 5:6 and the increase in tight slots, I think the big casinos got a big greedy and have choked some of the life out of the game. That said, I agree with these other posts that the MGM is a nice, modern, clean room with very professional dealers and floor personnel.  Lots of tables, lots of action.  The dealers are nicer than the Bellagio's, although the players are better.  Since it's so close to Studio 54 there's lots of eye candy.  There's lively games 24 7, which cannot be said of most poker rooms nowadays.  If you're just in town for the weekend from Socal or New York or Bahhston or Toronto or Norway or London and looking for that distinctly vicious and bloodcurdling thrill that only comes with aggressively bluffing two tight rocks out of a hand that you rightfully should have lost, you might as well be rearranging the deck chairs on this particularly modern, nicely furnished and hip sort of Titannic.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,4/3/2009,192,90,24,21,23>"Alex" is straight up food porn.  I hate being a sheep but after visiting this place a few times, I concede that everyone on Yelp is right:  This is likely the single greatest restaurant in all of Las Vegas.  (That's right, Guy Savoy & Joel Robuchon... how y'like them apples?)GREATEST RESTAURANT IN LAS VEGAS?:Yep.  This restaurant is quintessential "Wynn":  Nothing & I mean, nothing is overlooked.  Decor, service, ambiance... oh yeah, and the food is PRETTY FRICKIN' AWESOME TOO.  This restaurant is the standard that all other fine dining establishments need to hold themselves to.  So Wolfgang, Mario, and Emeril?  Consider yourselves all on report.UH... DEFINE "FRICKIN' AWESOME"?:Alright - easy.  How about two words:  "DELICIOUSLY UNIQUE".  Listen to these dishes:-- Napoleon of King Crab with Sweet Carrot Sauce, Jicama, Fuji Apple, and Avocado-- Crispy Guinea Hen a la Financiere with Artichoke, Black Truffle Quenelles and Madeira-- European Blue Lobster with Shellfish Mousse, Savoy Cabbage & Coral Sauce-- Caramelized Honey Nougat with Orange Carrot Cake & Puffed Honey RiceAAAAAAUUUUGGGGGHHHH!  How the heck can anyone read the descriptions of those dishes and not wanna just get naked and rub sexy all over their body?  The dishes here aren't just delicious - they're seductive, alluring, unique & unlike anything I've had elsewhere in Vegas.  I get the impression that the dishes are the life's work of Chef Alessandro Stratta because the flavors do a dance on your tougue... and you just don't see this stuff anywhere else.  Even at French Laundry or Herb Farm in Seattle, I wasn't this impressed with the complimentary but unique tastes.REALLY?  "RUB SEXY ALL OVER"?:You know what I mean.  Just reading the menu is a romantic dining experience.  My last meal at Alex consisted of items strictly off the menu: (wynnlasvegas.com/pdf/ALE) 1) Roasted Langoustines with Young Coconut, Curry, Mango, and Water ChestnutsOkay, so I was pretty sure that a langoustine was a big-assed shrimp & I'm glad I was right because boy, these were plump, tasty SOBs -  what, with the savory & smooth texture of the sauce which had just a bit of a tang to whet the appetite. Geez, if I weren't such a polished & refined gentleman, (says the guy who just called Stratta's restaurant "food porn")  I would have licked the damned bowl clean the way my dog cleans his food dish when we give him liver.  Hell no - I ain't too proud to slurp.2) Wild Turbot with Stuffed Razor Clams, Shellfish Fricassee and Chateau Chalon SauceI didn't know what a Turbot was before this meal.  It's a soft flaky fish with a savory briny flavor ala the clams & mussels in the dish which were finished w/ a white creme sauce.  ...But y'know what this dish REALLY was?  I'll tell you what this dish was:  This dish was a beautiful woman in a sheer satin sun dress walking over a dune near the beach in the evening with the sunseting behind her revealing her lines and her silhouette as a shadow adorned of flowing waves of light & air.  ...And I ate her up like a junkyard dog does a rare 24oz porterhouse with my eyes lit up like Atlanta on fire.  Get over here, you sexy b-tch.  Daddy's home to roost.3) Roasted Pineapple Basque with Vanilla Crisps & Coconut SorbetWho knew vanilla & coconut tasted so good when paired with a tangy pineapple treat.  This dessert isn't a dish.  It's friggin' ART.  And not that bullsh-t art that you see in so many of these modern museums these days.    I'm talkin' Rembrandt.  Picasso.  Van Gogh.  Six Dogs Playing Poker.  Y'know - the classics.See?  What'd I tell you?  Romantic.HOW MUCH WAS ALL OF THIS, ANYWAY?:I seriously don't remember how much this dinner cost me because I lost the receipt.  I suspect around $480 for 2 but  I frankly don't care and I don't want to know.  I don't want anything to spoil what was otherwise a dazzling & very memorable dining experience.CONCLUSION:On Wynn's web site, Chef Stratta says about 'Alex', "I want to convince people that their favorite restuarant is now their second favorite restaurant."  Damn, if he's not backing up that claim with the SEXY BAZOOKA of French cuisine... this restaurant is pound-for-pound the most phenomenal I've had in a while.5-Stars.  Bravo!-----------------ALEX'S DRESS CODE:Dress to impress.  This place is straight up formal.  I came in sportcoat and I felt under dressed.  Now that's the sign of a place with some serious atmosphere.  Guys - Bring a jacket and slacks & for God's sake, show some pride and polish up those Kenneth Cole's, 'eh?  That dude in the bathroom under the shoeshine sign ain't hanging out because he likes it in there, y'know.  Gals - Think elegant dresswear... or French bikinis.  Really.  It's okay.  Nobody'll complain about either 'cause it's a French restaurant.  Trust me.  I'm a professional.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,4/2/2009,441,111,4,5,5>We arrived approximately 15 minutes early for our 8:00 PM dinner reservation at Bradley Ogden. We had a small, private dining room reserved for our group of 11 and we ordered straight from the menu. I started with a glass of Perrier Jouet champagne while we waited for the remainder of our group in the lounge. The lounge was very comfortable with large, over sized chairs - almost like a living room. I started with the foie gras. 1.5 oz of sonoma foie gras seared with sea salt sprinkled on top.  It was served with a peanut butter mousse and pomegranate gastique on top of a peanut brioch toast stuffed with pear jam. It was delicious and very unusual. For my entree, I had the scallops with golden raisin with baby cauliflower confetti curry, flat top seared with sea salt and black pepper. The serving was a great portion, not too large but I was left very satiated. We had Quintessa Cabernet and the Grgich hills chardonnay with dinner. Finally, we finished the night with a glass of Patron aged in cognac barrels. My only reason for not giving 5 stars is because of an inappropriate comment the server made.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2008,4/1/2009,177,365,6,8,6>I'd still rather stay at the Hard Rock, although this is probably the second most fun hotel in Vegas.That Mc Donalds in the food court, however, comes in so clutch for me every time.  Yea- I said it.  I love Mc Donalds.  You got a problem with that?Warning: the Palms room service is foul!  We sent back our entire order of food the last time I stayed here.  The eggs benni was cold and unappetizing- my friend threw up after taking a few bites of it.  The chicken wings are not authentically buffalo- its a weird sweet tasting sauce and the meat has the texture of jerkey.  And, in addition, I had to battle with them for 2 days to take the charge off of our bill.  I spoke to 3 different room service managers about the issue and had to demand for 20 minutes that they take the charge off of our bill while we were checking out.  Skip the room service and go down to the food court instead.Nice beds in the rooms-down comforters.  The shower head in our room however, was janky as hell.  It fell off the spout once, and when it was working properly it shot out the water at such a strong level that my skin was stinging and red by the end of each shower and water was on the floor as far away as 5 feet away.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2008,3/31/2009,194,258,6,7,7>my friend was generous enough to allow us to stay at her timeshare as we did some canvassing work for the barack obama campaign in nevada. obama woot woot! this timeshare rivals many overpriced hotels in terms of their room quality and service. what a great place to rest our weary feet after a long day of walking and knocking on strangers' doors!the jockey club is located right next to the bellagio so it is in the hub of vegas activity. unfortunately, due to some renovations they were undergoing, parking was limited which meant a hit or miss with their valet parking. sometimes you got a spot and sometimes your ass needs to park at planet hollywood and then walk over. in vegas, that can mean 30 minutes to cross the strip depending on your starting point. this is the reason for the minus one star. no more walking dude. i'm tired!the room had two bedrooms, a couch with a pull out mattress, and two bathrooms. there was a fully equipped kitchen area and a large dining table which would have comfortably sat all 6 of us if we had decided to cook...we didn't. everything was just NICE and COMFORTABLE. do you need me to describe how firm the bed was or how clean the bathrooms were with water pressure in the shower that was just right? probably not right? just take my word for it cuz you know i wouldn't lead you astray. this timeshare is a deal and if you have a piece of it, definitely go and use it.  anyways, canvassing in nevada was awesome. listening to barack obama speak at a rally was phenomenal. coming back to the jockey club to rest my feet after a day of doing my little, wittle part to contribute to this campaign for change...PRICELESS.go out and vote peoples! polls close at 7pm. obama woot woot!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,3/30/2009,114,197,8,8,8>5 stars as far as hotels go. Nothing fancy about it compared to the other Vegas hotels. It was clean, cozy, and comfortable. I slept on the roll out bed that was super comfortable. AND the comforters in the rooms are the BEST in the whole wide world! Bathroom was spacious, which I appreciate b/c nothing drives me crazier then having my knees hit the tub when I am releasing my 24 gin and tonics from the evening. I did wish they had mirrors within the room and not just restricted to the bathroom. Makes it difficult to get ready when you are sharing the space with friends. I also appreciate the double curtains on the windows that shields us from daylight in the morning. Especially on the mornings after an eventful night at Badda Bing. yelp.com/biz/badda-bing-
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,3/29/2009,427,94,10,11,11>Hilton Grand Vacation is an excellent time share.  It has a full kitchen complete with appliances and dinnerware.  The King sized beds were very comfortable and the contemporary design was pleasing to the eye.  There is a living room with a flat panel tv and a pull out couch for your guests.  The seperate bedroom also had a flat panel tv and  has a large bathroom attached to it.  The rooms were very spacious and well lit.  Room service was prompt and accomodating.  The only down fall for this Hilton is the location.. It's located on the end of the strip towards Circus Circus.  It costs about $10-$15 to take a cab towards the middle of the strip.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,3/28/2009,1199,60,12,23,17>Wow. It really says something when the food is excellent... on a Tuesday evening none the less.My mom and her sisters came to town to enjoy a girls... week out? So the obvious question always pops up. "Where's the best buffet in town?" The Wynn of course!We meet up at the Wynn around 7:30 on a Tuesday night. Personally, my expectations of the food was kind of low since its mid week, compared to the bustling weekends. Don't get me wrong, I've eaten here at least 15 times over the past few years.The price was $33.95 per person. Easily one of the highest on the strip but wouldn't you pay a few bucks more for better quality? We were thinking about going to PH Spice Market Buffet since it's a good buffet and a few dollars cheaper... But who are we kidding. A few dollars? Cmon now! This is Vegas! A few dollars means nothing.Here's the interesting part... Right when we were about to walk in, this lady stops us and gives us a pass for a free buffet... The only catch is that you need to sign up for a Red card, which is the Wynn players card. She couldnt use the 2nd pass since she was with her daughter who was not old enough to gamble. That was really nice of her. Since there was no line to the buffet cashier, I ask her if this was legit and how it worked. The super nice cashier told us to go to the Red card booth and fill out an application for a new players card. She also mentioned that if we asked for two free buffets instead of one, they would give us that too... They just dont advertise it. Sweet!So I sign up for a card as well as my auntie and we both received a free buffet meal. Not bad. We just saved ourselves $70. The only catch is that you have to be a NEW applicant. Lets get to the real review... The food. All I can say was WOW. Like I mentioned before, I didn't have high expectations for a mid week 8:30 pm buffet. Boy was I wrong. I think this was one the better meals I've had at this buffet.My first place included lots and lots of chilled king crab legs. The half shelled crab legs were plentiful and had huge portions of meat on then. I also packed on the jumbo peeled shrimp and some smoked salmon.My second plate included a rare slice of prime rib, pork dumplings, english sole, caesar salad, and VEAL SHORTRIBS! YUM!!!For dessert, I had a small bite of a variety of their offerings. Cheesecake, carrot cake, pecan pie, mint chocolate mousse cake, pear mousse cake, creme brulee, and some coconut ice cream.Bottom line... THIS IS THE BEST BUFFET IN VEGAS!
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,3/24/2009,342,498,14,15,16>BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAPBAP BAP BAP BAP BAP BAP*click* *click* *click*Best BANG for the buck:  for $110/person, choose 4 guns + 2 rounds with a .50 caliber desert eagle- minimum 5 people. We chose the UZI, M16, and a couple others (WWII era I think). I wanted to choose ak47 but they didn't have it at the time.The staff is really knowledgeable and friendly- they're all ex-marines or other branches of military. BEST MOMENT EVER: Everyone watching me and the instructor standing right behind me with his hand over my head as little ol' me shot off the over-powering desert eagle. The recoil is CRAZY! Seriously.Are you a high roller with $$$ to burn and tons of patience? for 15k and a 6 month background check, apparently you can shoot off a rocket launcher.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,3/22/2009,38,578,3,5,4>This place is bangin' in bright decorations and an upbeat, party atmosphere.The service is quick but helpful. It's usually at least semi-busy, and the staff is pouring out daiquiris like there's no tomorrow.The prices are also really reasonable compared to most even-quality and even-convenience bars in Las Vegas.I got a fruit-punch tasting slush drink with an extra shot in the one size below a yardstick. It was delicious, and with only a little bit of help, I managed to finish the whole thing. I wasn't falling all over my feet too much after, either, just slurring a lot.I wanted to go back for more, but my ride with the deuce prevented me from enjoying it during travel.I wish they had this place in California! I'd be all over it!
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,3/21/2009,279,84,8,10,8>This place is ... interesting. You're seated on fancy, swiveling conference room chairs inside a really swank space (Vegas restaurants kick LA restaurants' asses in this respect). Maybe Wolfgang thought the restaurant was too pretty for a steakhouse and decided to add more manliness to the establishment by hiring a wait staff completely devoid of uteruses. These men in black are awesome, though, and the service is what you'd expect for a meal that costs as much as an Ikea sofa.Meal-wise this place is all about the Wagyu, Japanese or American. If you don't get this looking at the menu, they hammer the point home by carrying an armload of Wagyu to your table, so they can dazzle you with the marbling. I've had Japanese Wagyu in both Japan and the States, and while I've come close to weeping with joy several of those times, I didn't feel compelled to shell out $160 for an 8oz rib eye. So I went with a 20 oz bone in rib eye from Illinois, much to the chagrin of our waiter. The girlfriend got an American Wagyu sirloin. My rib eye was decent, but not great (Damn you, Illinois!). The American Wagyu, however, was awesome. The appetizers were okay, but the side dishes were amazing. I found it annoying that they charged for sauces. They bring you an assortment of sauces for free anyway. Can't tell you about dessert, because we were so stuffed that even an extra molecule of soufflé would've given me a hernia.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,3/20/2009,91,73,4,8,7>This is one of  my favorites downtown, along with the Golden Nugget.  Main Street Station is a small casino hotel within walking distance of the Fremont Experience.  Though the establishment is small, they offer a good variety of slots and your standard pit games of craps, roulette, three card poker, black jack, etc.  If you do ANY gambling there, get the players club card.  You will receive room and food comps based liberally on your play.  Once you walk inside the casino, is a cozy, welcoming decor furnished with a lot of fine antiques and elaborate wood work.The standard rooms are clean and well-furnished!  I personally think they are as nice as Golden Nugget's standard rooms.  And I think that tells you something, since the Nugget boasts to be the best casino hotel downtown.Though we've only eaten at the buffet, we've frequented it numerous times; several times for breakfast, brunch, and once for dinner.  The breakfasts and brunches are excellent!  There are (on weekends) eggs benedict, scrambled eggs, made to order omelets (made w/REAL eggs cracked right in front of you), ham, bacon, sausage, corned beef hash, breakfast casserole, sausage gravy, biscuits, fruits, grits, oatmeal, pastries, pasta salads, kalua pork (not good here), mexican breakfast selections, asian (breakfast?), and of course a variety of drinks your server will bring you.The night we went for the dinner buffet was a Thursday.  I think Thursdays are still their filet and shrimp scampi nights?  The filet was good and tasty but not great.  Good enough to get seconds though.  The scampi I was told was good.  The dinner buffets have as big of a selection as the breakfast buffets do, so there will DEFINITELY be something for even the pickiest of eaters to certainly ENJOY.  To make a long story short, THIS IS A VERY GOOD BUFFET for the modest prices.  Main Street certainly is one of my favorites in all of Vegas.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,3/19/2009,332,216,12,9,9>Hahaha Oh Princeton Review...you slay me.I spent my junior high school summer in these rooms...that have no air conditioning...but have fairly hot instructors who are fairly intelligent (yes...the instructors being hot does impact how much you pay attention). I had to take the class with a bunch of rich Vegas private school kids...that was probably the worst part. But aside from that the class was actually useful and my score went up pretty high. Still wasn't the exact score I wanted but that might just mean that I need to up my game a bit. Granted I am writing this review something like 4 years later...but I'm sure the instructors are still hot and smart. Did I mention they were hot? Okay I'm good.So actually other things that are important. Even after you spent 1000 bucks on the course, you still have a bunch of books and crap to get. But it includes the hot instructor and a repeat course a few months before the test. I would recommend no summer class and study during the year up until the test. But that's how I test I guess.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,3/18/2009,183,447,6,9,6>One of the best things in Vegas.  Its weird and wacky and low rent and FAB.  We had a blast on $3 worth of quarters.  Way  better than slot machines!   It's like a hands-on museum. The range of machines was incredible, and the proprietor has made little handwritten signs detailing the history of each one. Obviously a labor of love, which makes it that much better.  No matter what your poison is, he's got it. I loved the super old ones that give you 5 balls for a quarter, but there's also a brand new Batman:The Dark Knight game.  When you're sick of casinos, take a breather and come here.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,3/17/2009,161,122,5,5,5>Somehow, they managed to seat a group of 11 people in 5 minutes here on a Friday night. Yes, I'm as surprised as you are. Atmosphere - Spago is deceptive. On the outside it looks very cafe-ish but once you enter it is sophisticated and trendy and overall has a feel which is elegant enough for an important date while being relaxed and hip enough for a group of friends having dinner. Service - The service was good but not great. On our initial drink order the waiter skipped a few of the people who weren't paying attention to him. Now, I understand it isn't polite to miss the waiter when he comes around but it wouldn't have ruined his life to tap the guys on the shoulder or just say "excuse me". This way we could have all had our drinks at the same time. Food - The appetizers were excellent. The sashimi combo was very good and everyone who had the crabcakes liked them. I ordered the Tuna for dinner and it was a little small (maybe a 5 ounce portion) but the flavor was incredible and all of the vegetables and oils complimented the tuna perfectly. Overall I would recommend Spago to anyone. There are better places in Vegas but you can also do MUCH worse. If you find yourself in the forum shops and you're hungry, pop in and try something. You won't be disappointing.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,3/16/2009,212,263,7,9,8>This is your one stop shopping mall when it is Christmas Eve and you have your entire family to shop for.  There are so many stores here to fit any taste in fashion:HIGH END: Louis Vuitton, Neiman Marcus, Ed Hardy, Betsey Johnson, Michael Kors, Saks Fifth Avenue, Coach and Nordstroms.NOT SO HIGH END: Guess, Aldo, bebe, Puma, Hot Topic, Payless Shoe Source, Macy's, Dillards, Hollister, Forever 21, Arden B., ABC Store, and Brighton Collectibles.  This is also the place to people watch.  We sat and watched a funky teenage emo chick donning her tutu and the douchiest guy rocking his tight True Religion Jeans well below his hips.  HILARIOUS!You can also buy your discounted Las Vegas Show tickets at Tix 4 Tonight.  There are plasmas displaying that night's shows and restaurants.  Come early.  They sell out of the top shows quick.   Come one, come all and bring your cash. This is shopping at its finest.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,3/15/2009,113,73,11,14,10>HOTEL:Saturday, 8:00 am.  Was our room ready?  Yes, it was!!Was this indicative of our Encore experience?  Yes, it was!!Encore sets the bar.  And sets it damn high.Spotlessly clean, large, beautifully decorated room.  Bed and linens off the charts comfortable. ihome alarm clock. Bedside controls for EVERYTHING.  Electronic privacy sign/maid service.  And speaking of maid service, 3 times a day.  Yes, you read that correctly.  Including the lovely night time service of a little mat with his-n-hers slippers on each side of the bed.  The correct side, I might add. ( ? )Floor to ceiling windows, large, well-appointed bathroom.  Complimentary LV Review- Journal and NY Times.  Complimentary bottled water, replenished 3 times daily. Included in the mini-bar items, an 'Intimacy Kit'.  Tempted to open it just to see what it was all about, but I wasn't $30 worth of curious.  Guess I can imagine.  *TIP*  Ask for an even numbered high room for a strip view.  What you don't see is every bit as important as what you do see: no promoters, no strollers, no huge groups carrying armloads of bags from the local Walgreens and cases of cheap beer on their way upstairs to potentially destroy the beautiful rooms and disturb their neighbors.  No taxi line, they are kept in a tunnel and I'm told Encore is the only property to have bathrooms and tvs for the comfort of the waiting cab drivers.  Nice.CASINO:This is unfortunately where Encore loses a Liz-Star (TM).  There's a good progressive .25 VP going here, but only 24 machines.  24, Steve?  No .50 VP, period. A paltry 8 $1 VP machines, which is what Big Jeff plays. So, it's impossible to find a seat at the 32 machines unless it's 4am.  Well, at 4am I'm ok with that, but what about 4pm?  So there's a beautiful bar in the casino with Multi-Denomination VP.  Ok, let's do that.  Except drinks are not comped at the bar.  Not only are drinks not comped at the bar, a cup of coffee is $4.50.  Surely I jest?  Not at all.  See Lizzie and BJ, leaving.  This I consider to be a big hole in strategy.  If there weren't a lot of VP players, seats would have been available. As far as the bar goes, if I'm playing VP at $1.25 per hand, and my husband is playing at $5 per hand, roughly 400 hands per hour each, I do believe our coffee should be comped.  8 feet away at a penny slot it would have been.  BTW, the bar was empty. Wonder why.Nonetheless, the customer service at Encore is truly astounding. There is a great lobby bar at the base of the guest elevators that does a terrific coffee service in the morning, either sit-down or to-go.Every inch of this property is beautiful.  BEAUTIFUL. In my opinion, Encore lacks nothing except decent video poker.  Easy fix.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,3/14/2009,187,255,7,7,5>Allright, Allright, I totally agree that this place is a total tourist trap and yes, you can blow all your money on Coca Cola memorabilia, etc.......But, it's such a cool store!  It's located right next to the M&M World Store so you can hit up the M&M's and then head over to the Coca Cola place.........Anything Coke (the soda, not the drug folks!)  related they have at this place.  Shirts, sweatshirts, the trade mark Coca Cola polar bear toys, kitchen stuff, desk stuff, pens, pencils, post cards, and the list goes on and on!  It's a two story store with the first floor being more of the toys, the stuffed animals and little trinkets.  I remember the first time I was ever there they had a HUGE plastic polar bear smiling in the front of the store that lots of people used to take pictures on, but they since took it out (about 3 months ago) to replace it with a man walking around in a furry polar bear suit that you can take pictures with, for a small fee of course!  Upstairs they have more of the adult stuff with original coke glasses, kitchenware, apparel, etc.  They also have a  Coca Cola counter where it resembles the old fashioned soda counters and you can sit and have a Coke in an old fashioned bottled.  They also have bottled water, etc.  The staff is very friendly (caffeine high perhaps?) and even if you don't want to buy anything, it's fun to walk around and look at all the fun stuff :)   Definitely one of my fave places in Vegas :)
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,3/13/2009,20,16,6,10,8>This is Vegas' saving grace when it comes to Asian food.  I'll bet on Raku anytime against any Japanese restaurant in the United States...  that's how AWESOME Raku is!I showed up at midnight on my way home from a restaurant Sunday night.  I've heard of Raku for a long time and I thought I'd at least go check out where it is.  I found it, it was empty, so I walked in.  I might as well have stepped across the Pacific Ocean when I crossed that entrance.  It was a different world.Kani, the sashimi chef and condiment mixologist, greeted me.  Rei, the restaurant manager, joined in and I sat myself at the bar.  I was full, but I could sense it wasn't your ordinary late night restaurant -- it was magical -- and I wanted to stay.  So I ordered a beer, one for Kani, one for me.  I chatted with him and Rei about Vegas and random stuff.Kani is a world traveler, having worked in San Francisco, New York, Hong Kong and now Vegas.  His friend, 10 years his junior, opened Raku and invited him to join in the operation as they worked together when they were back in New York.  He likes Vegas, though he doesn't think much of his local competitors in Japanese food.  The only alcoholic drink he'll drink is beer because he is at work.  He'll tell you what's fresh, so just ask.  He mixes the sauces in the restaurant himself...  and let me tell you, they are great condiments to the grilled skewers.There's a mild but complex soy sauce that is a blend of different types of soy sauce and other mixtures, one of which is green tea.  There is a chili pepper blend that has a nice bite to it and a pepper soaked in some blend that is making my mouth water as I recall topping my kurobuta pork cheeks with it last night.  The salt has ground green tea mixed in.  There is a careful level of attention paid to every level of culinary experience at this place.At that time, the restaurant was empty.  It reminded me of that painting, Nighthawks at the Diner, though Raku is nothing like that diner in that painting.  Raku is very intimate and elegantly decorated inside.  Dark lit...  it had a retro / nostalgic feel to it.  The fact that it was empty must have been because it was late and the economy is really hurting...  but Kani says they still get a late night rush before they close.  They're really busy from when they open at 6 pm to 11 pm -- so if you want to chat with the chef or staff, come late.I never imagined I can have this good quality food late at night.  I always thought I'd have to resort to IHOP or some other gastronomic compromise -- but with Raku, you get good quality, late night food and good company.  It's your Vegas Japanese Cheers.  Three cheers for Raku!Banzai!  Banzai!  Banzai!
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,3/12/2009,1564,634,12,18,19>John Mull's Meats also does BBQ catering under Road KIll Grill. 2008 Taste & Sounds of Soul Winner.I ventured downtown to the Taste & Sounds of Soul Friday & Saturday to indulge in some good bbq and soul food.Friday night was a packed house with long lines and a huge crowd enjoying the entertainment on the main stage at Fitzgerald's.I walked up & down the tent area of vendors and there was about 8-10 food vendors serving bbw,asian,seafood gumbo,turkey legs,giant cajun shrimp,fried catfish,shrimp and hushpuppies,funnel cakes and lots of pies and cakes.The lines were outrageous. H&H Bar-B-Q with a big red smoker trailer had a line of 50+ people about 75 yards long the longest by far.Phat Katz BBQ had 30-40 people waiting. Usually long lines and full parking lots are a sign of excellent food, service,etc.This would not be the case here.Road Kill Grill was the 1st stand in the food court and the line was short because it moved rapidly.I had the 5-bonz/w tips rib dinner w/2 sides for $10-I had mac n cheese and macaroni salad. I also ordered 2 sandwiches-a pulled pork and a beef brisket. SOdas were $1.The ribs were rub no sauce. Nice smoky taste very tender and very meaty. the tips were the best. juicy and oh so yummy.The mac n cheese was better than I've found at any storefront BBq and the macaroni salad was great too.The pork sandwich was great, sauce had a little zip and the bread was very fresh and quite remarkable.The beef brisket was some of the best I've had could've used a little crust & rub but very juicy & tender. Sauce on the side.I wish they had a stand at Lowe's or Home Depot or something because this guy knows his BBQ.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,3/10/2009,430,221,4,5,5>Setup reminds me of Tryst but more spacious and with a pool instead of a waterfall. Beautiful club..the layout makes the club very easy to get through and not impossible to find lost members of your drunken party.  Lots of tables and cabanas--right in the middle so you don't miss out on any of the action.  I hate when clubs put tables in darkened corners or only along the edges of the dance floor..what am I paying for?? (cough, Tao.)  Music: Top 40s mash ups..wish they played a little more techno/house but that's what Drai's after hours is for.Be sure to take a good look around the club before getting smashed its well worth the proper gander.Same routine as any other club..if you don't have a hook be sure to fork out the cash, tip your bartender WELL so you get stiffer drinks throughout the night, dress well, have more girls then guys..or no guys at all.  If you're a group of guys..dress sharp and get a table. Tip the guy at the door, blah blah..(I hate how people complain about this all the time.)Crowd was pretty nice..but you can never get away from the not so classy, oh so douchebagy, or butter-faced bitches.  But you're here to have fun with your friends, so go do that so you can look back on forgotten yet memorable pictures at brunch the next day!Cons: UGLY go-go dancers that can't dance for anything.  It kinda takes away from the beauty of the club.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,3/9/2009,487,329,10,14,12>$35 a night? F**k yeah!!!  (On a Thursday night)Our room was HUGE! The pool area was decent. The casino sucked ass, but we weren't planning on staying there long anyways.Located at the end of the strip....  way too far from anything so expect to either drive or pay for a taxi. Payed $15 for a taxi ride to Rio, which is located at the other end of the strip, just to give you an idea of how much you'll need for a cab.Great place to pass out after a night of boozing it up at different hotels. lol (Seriously... make sure you hang out at other hotels... cause other than your own hotel room... this place SUX)The club at Stratosphere is called Polly Esthers and they also have an IHOP walking distance from the hotel.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,3/8/2009,456,631,9,9,9>I agree with Jen. Vegas messes with your body. It messes with your mind, your sleep, your tolerance for pain, extreme heat or cold and booze. What is there to relieve your tired, achy body and hungry belly? Buffets! Everywhere! Steak and eggs for $2, hot dogs for .75 or if you want to go high class, the Bellagio. A Bellagio breakfast/brunch will last you all day. It's only because I can gorge myself like nobody's business I can sustain a day in Vegas on breakfast pizza, eggs and potatoes alone. I had the dinner one last year while in Vegas and was not that impressed. Although I'm poor, we splurged for the breakfast two days in a row. TWO! The second day they sat us right by the plates as J. mentioned. Too easy, people. Just too easy to eat three meals in one sitting.The breakfast pizza was my favorite. I had a mimosa, ate my weight in bacon and was introduced to the bread pudding. Whew! I was glad I spent the next 6 hours walking my ass off in the cold. Coffee and juice are complimentary, which is nice. They have a good variety of healthy and naughty and you could even weasel in some lunch foods if you really have room.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,3/7/2009,410,802,5,6,6>Newer than the first, Better than the first?  well it was definitely good and a great spot with the full on glamour and all located right in the new spankin new Palazzo Resort Casino and Hotel.  I had two meals there while staying at the Palazzo because something as simple as their burgers/sandwiches were amazingly good.  It's a little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.  -Regular Burger with 3 toppings ($14) - they cooked it medium rare just the way I had asked, and the burger was insanely big.  It came with fries and everyhing which made it hard to even finish such a giant burger.  I had asked for cheese, avocado, and mushroom...now how can that not be an amazing burger just already.-Short Rib Sandwich ($16?) - There's a reason why there were two of us ordered the same exact thing.  It looked damn good on the menu and we didn't want to share.  And just as suspected, it was great.  Greasy, yes, but the toasty bread sandwiching short rib meat was phenomenal.  -Knowing this type of food exists around the strip, I'm glad to say I'll be looking forward to staying somewhere nearby next time I'm in vegas too.  btw, NO TO Imperial Palace
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2008,3/6/2009,131,64,15,21,15>We arrived 40 minutes early because the groom insisted in his finest Jersey manner, "No one better be late." So with some time to kill, we decided to kill some brain cells- off to the bar. We arrived at the Parasol Up lounge on the Wynn casino floor, which looked like the inside of Jeannie's bottle, forcing me to wonder why she was always trying to escape- these were nice digs. Plush pillows and sofas were spread out in deep ambers and mahogany that reminded me of Arabian Nights, if they had hired an impeccable decorator. I was still a little queasy from the night before and couldn't decide on what to drink until I saw the bartender's handheld juicer for squeezing citrus. I knew my answer- Grey Goose, club and fresh lime juice. Wow! Way different than just adding a slice of lime, this citrus worked as the main component in this refreshingly, light libation that would ease me into another night of countless toasts.The wedding: The Lilac salon softened its five rows with hazy, pink light as if looking through rose colored glasses, which I guess is the best way to start a marriage. Its intimacy made me feel as if we had won front row seats to my favorite concert (and were the groupies picked to party with the band later.)The reception: My favorite part of the evening was the food (besides all that jazz about lifelong commitment and happiness). There was no sit down dinner, no seating chart- this was Vegas baby and heavy appetizers circulated for the entirety of this reception. Like lions smelling flesh, we had unknowingly positioned ourselves next to the point where all appetizers entered. We caught every server by the arm and brusquely asked, through mouthfuls of prior offerings, what was on his tray. Short ribs over mashed potatoes gave my belly the necessary comfort after days of poolside drinks. The parmesan risotto also stuck to my ribs and coddled me with its buttery cream. The lamb chops couldn't have made me happier than if I were Sheri Lewis and the mini cheeseburgers were like shrink-rayed versions of any succulent burger add advertising "all the fixings."  It kept coming- crab cakes, chicken with peanut sauce...and then there was dessert.An entire station was dedicated to this "after-dine delight" (similar to feelings from "afternoon delight") like a fantastical tea party for adults. Miniature cheesecakes were donned with bells of blueberries and creme brulee sat primly in miso soup spoons (me-so loved it!) Digesting all that this day held, the cappuccino and espresso machine whirred in the background while I resigned myself to indulged contentment and reveled in one of Vegas's rare Wynn-win situations.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,3/5/2009,53,107,3,5,3>I had no expectations before attending this show. I had seen a little bit of their performances on TV, but there was nothing that really excited me. But when I saw this awesome deal on Travelzoo.com (shameless plug) for lower level seats at balcony level prices, I thought, "What the hey...how bad can it be to watch three guys with blue face paint up on stage doing silly things?" After it was all said (errrr...mimed) and done, the show was surprising in every way! It was surprisingly funny and entertaining and it made you wish the show was longer. The "Blue Dudes" as I like to call them, interacted with the crowd throughout much of the show. That kept making you wonder what they would do next or if they would bring you up on stage! I loved every moment of this show! It definitely is a must see!Beware of massive amounts of paper!
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,3/4/2009,292,759,7,11,6>Now that I've seen 4 CDS shows (Ka, Love, O, and Mystere) as well as a random sampling of other strip shows.. I can honestly say this show is the best show on the strip! So freaking incredible.I've seen it twice (with a span of nearly 9 years between viewings), and both times it blew me away. The stage moving, the acrobatics, the imagery, the costumes.. WOW.Ok tip time: Soo I've sat on the floor and I've sat in the balcony. I enjoyed both for different reasons. On the floor the show is more mysterious and exciting. The stage seems to magically disappear and turn into water.. you don't see the scuba divers under the set, etc, etc. From the balcony I could see the stage way better and how it worked. I could see the stage coming into view and where all that water goes.. etc. If you want to see how things work, sit in the balcony (especially on the edges). If you like blissful ignorance stick with the floor.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,3/3/2009,430,319,14,15,14>Before there was The Pearl at the Palms, most of the concerts were held at Rain Nightclub. Unless you had a skybox, I wouldn't suggest going there unless you don't mind tall sweaty guys rubbing their armpits on your head.  I didn't care what the concert was, Nelly, Britney, Maroon 5, they were all fun times filled with energy. Upstairs has the best views and the easiest bars to get to.But watching Gwen Stefani opening night at the Pearl took my breath away. It's a more intimate setting. She's undeniably beautiful and talented. Loved her Harajuku girls. Saw a bunch of D list celebs there, Paris, Nicky, Tommy Lee, Hugh's Bunny's. We got comp'd tickets in the box seating for 5. Your own bar and restrooms. Talk about V.I.P. If we were anymore V.I.P. I would've been backstage hanging out with her hot hubby Gavin and her son Kingston.Maybe borderline stalker? Thanks to the Palms for opening such a fabulous intimate venue, can't wait to see the next concert.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,3/2/2009,350,504,5,10,9>Brand was definitely one of the redeeming factors of staying at the Monte Carlo with a group on a strict budget -- good food was actually right there under our noses. Ballers for only a night just two friends and I dined here our last night to cap off our vacation in style. It was about time, too, because I had enough of McDonalds and Rubios from the Monte Carlo food court.We strolled down to the lobby and got a table with ease from the foxy hostesses around 7pm. Brand is both a steakhouse and adjoining small lounge, with the steakhouse dining room separated from the casino floor by only a waist-high counter. I was already numb to the casino funk, so it didn't bother me at all. We were seated right along the counter, a prime location for people watching.Steak, steak, steak, and more beautiful steak. I love steak and I might go ahead and say my 8oz filet mignon was probably in the top 20 best steaks I've ever had. They have all kinds of cuts, with or without the bone, and tons of sides to boot. Not quite the selection of beef at Alfred's in San Francisco, but pretty good.The dinner special for two seemed like a good idea, but sadly, by the day after Valentine's Day they were out of it. My two companions split a hefty bone-in porterhouse and added on three sides ($9 a piece or 3 for $23).For appetizers, we collectively split two cesar salads, kobe carpaccio, tuna tartare and a jumbo shrimp cocktaill. The cesar was good with whole pieces of romaine with homemade herb croutons. The kobe carpaccio was thin and buttery with capers, shaved parmesan reggiano and a delightfully bitter frisée thinly dressed in what tasted like a nice peppery balsamic, with a few slices of subpar brioche toast. The tuna tartare was mixed with crisp jicama and it came with brioche toast and a bed of watercress. So far, so good.My filet mignon was medium and had a proportionately flavorful seasoned exterior. Their porterhouse came with a bone about the size of my forearm and two sauces. Steaks come a la carte, so be sure to order something to go alongside. For $25 you can add on lobster to your steak, but it isn't a lobster tail! It's like a lobster in a thick cheesy, buttery gravy sauce. Still good, still plump, it just took us by surprise. For sides we opted for the asparagus, mushrooms and the hashbrowns. The asparagus was my fave, perfectly tender with a white dipping sauce. The mushrooms were earthy and good and the hashbrowns looked like little triangle-cut club sandwiches with bacon in the center with sour cream on the side; I didn't get to eat one because I was so full, but they made for great leftovers.Brand isn't obscenely opulent nor expensive like many restaurants in Vegas. I felt it was a great value for the money, the staff was professional and attentive and it was easy to walk in without a reservation. In addition to the two steaks, lobster, three sides, three appetizers, two salads, we had one non-alcoholic beverage, two cocktails and one glass of wine, and our bill was $240. With tip, we spent $100 per person and left stuffed.Now, they do have one special I would like to see someone order... Brand has a 120oz steak, meant to feed six people, for $267. If one person can finish it by themselves, it's on the house! AMAZING!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,3/1/2009,902,866,5,11,8>Way to live up to the hype.  After reading all the Yelp reviews and remembering my last attempt to try great ethnic cuisine in Vegas (see Lotus of Siam review), I was a bit apprehensive about hailing a taxi to Ichiza.  But after a 1 hour wait, I left, both very full and very satisfied.1) Location - Ichiza is located on the second floor of a strip mall in the area of Las Vegas that most call "Chinatown."  For those familiar with the area, it's the next strip mall adjacent to the large Sam Woo/Ranch 99 mall.2) Decor - typical of izakaya, the place is tiny and crowded.  Signs are everywhere about all the available dishes and alcohol is plentiful.  The one thing I did notice, amazingly given it's Vegas, is that this place is smoke-free.  All patrons go outside to smoke.  Good riddance.3) Food - the food is greasy, delicious, and prepared fast.  Whether you choose skewered chicken wings and gizzards or bonito sashimi with ponzu sauce, the key is to order a lot of items to go with your sake.  I'm sad I didn't feel well enough to eat the mochi bacon skewer, but I did partake in the Honey Toast.  4) Service - for a crowded and small place, service is amazingly good.  The patrons tend to stay forever, but the staff does it's best to keep you up to date on how long you have to wait.  Beyond that, they did a great job in calling a cab and even going downstairs and waiting with the cab so that someone wouldn't take it.  Thumbs up.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,2/28/2009,333,381,5,6,8>I worked in the hotel industry field for quite some time...almost 5 years, and I know what stellar service is! The staff at the palazzo, was great... they went above and beyond, and I was very pleased with my stay.  After getting off the plane, my friends and I took a taxi ride (got ripped off dammit!) to  The Palazzo, and upon entering the drive way, we were stopped by the security guards...(at the time I was laughing in my head, because the taxi driving was going off on the security guard for stopping him, but the reason they did this was to maintain the flow of traffic, soo mr. taxi driver please calm down! Upon entering the Porte Cochere, doors were opened immediately, and was greeted immediately! I LIKE THAT!  Luggage was taken out of the trunk and was offered bell service immediately. Too bad i declined =(. The Lobby of the Palazzo was beautiful! Marble everywhere.. love the decor and designs. The rooms were nice as well. Two flat panel LCDs in each room. Two huge queen size beds and a sofa couch for one as well.  The only bad side to the room is the bathroom. They don't have locks on them! Peek a Boo! i see your dang dang.. LOL...Overall, really satisfied with the room. The casino, is a whole different story...dammmmmitt! The casino is merciless. Lost like crazy within a few minutes! aghh.... Go to the venetian and gamble, its more forgiving over there!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,2/27/2009,604,207,10,10,11>The first place we went to as soon as we arrived in Vegas and got all "suited up"...I love this place.. Me and the guys walked in, no admission (cause we're AWESOME) while people paid behind us (cause they were NOT AWESOME). We walk to the bar, ordered four rounds of patron shots for all of us and the night was just Legen...wait for it.. Dary!The lighting, decor and music was just spectacular. Very "loungey" of course...  But it still consisted a decent dance floor... The dance floor was epic, I remember being drunk while the guys were watching this guy pop lockin'.. So they literally throw my drunk ass in the circle telling me to battle this guy...... All I remember was the guy walking away with his posse... (If you are reading this guy, I'm sorry for killing your groove).By the way, I don't recall this place ever playing a Beatles song......
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2008,2/26/2009,1371,403,11,16,16>Great place to sober up in between trips to and from the bar. I have eaten here a great many times after embarrassing myself and others at Body English. This time we ordered 2 plates of the buffalo wings, which were some of the best I have ever had, and fries. Check totaled about $25, and the service was super fast and friendly. Totally low key and nothing to really rave about, but if you find yourself in the Hard Rock and need something to nosh on, and don't want to spend a fortune this is your place.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2008,2/25/2009,508,259,9,3,3>Yes....Give me all you can load in a garbage can....It 's funny because I like Yogurt. Big Fan of Pinkberry and Red Mango... But this is kinda like a Pinkberry buffet but with more flavors. It's pretty simple - you get in line - you pick the medium sized bucket or large bucket. You fill it....with Yogurt...Multi Flavors....Chocolate, Strawberry, cheesecake, vanilla, mango, peach......Yea it was a good mix. Then Mochi, watermelon, strawberries, fruity pebbles, blueberries, cocoa puffs...SO by the end you have a heaping bucket of puke and you get charged by the ounce...FUN. Then you eat it before the vegas sun gets to it and melts it into a unrecognizable pile of goo and guck. Yea i'll be back for more...Not because it's great....It's because I wanna make the most expensive bucket....EVER... 8.23 was my most expensive.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,2/24/2009,77,222,16,8,11>Ah, the Bellagio.  So heavenly.  A gift because God knows I couldn't afford it, but hands down the loveliest hotel on the Strip.  We could see the cheesy but amazing water fountain show from our window, and the casino was a pretty classy operation.   Bed = super comfy.  Drapes moved by buttons (okay, I wasted at least an hour of our stay opening and closing the drapes.  Never got old.) But the real mystique of the Bellagio is in the service.  Sample room service conversation:Me:  Hi, I'd like a skinny double cappuccino.Them:  Of course,  Miss _____.   We'll send a double cappuccino to you in room 642 in exactly 13 minutes.  Would you like a complimentary newspaper, two delicious rock sugar stirring sticks and a whole lot of smiling and bowing when your room service waiter arrives?Me:  Yes, thank you.  That would be very nice.  Also -Them:  Yes, yes, please tell us if there is anything on the earth we can find you/do for you/ make your stay more pleasant here by bestowing -Me:  Could you make it extra hot?Them:  It will be hotter than the flames of hell, Miss ______.  And if it isn't, you can take me out to the back of the kitchens and fling saucepans near my head while I apologize profusely.  Me:  Sounds good. Yeah.  The good life. :)
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,2/23/2009,966,116,6,6,7>The DDS is one of the few places in Vegas to see great rock, punk and metal bands in an intimate setting--plus the beer/drinks are reasonably priced!!! The stage is pretty tiny, so the drums are about all that fits, which brings the band right onto the dancefloor, which turned into a good-natured moshpit on this particular evening. Another good thing: the show started on real rock 'n' roll time, at about 10:45, and ended around 3am or so. That doesn't even happen in NYC much anymore.This past weekend, I and my Reality Check TV cast checked the reality of our good friends SHE WOLVES from NYC, who were on a short West Coast Tour to support their 'ENJOY DAMNATION' cd/ep. There were some other killer bands like SADDLE TRASH and PISS POPS on the bill as well, and it was friggin' FREE ADMISSION on a Saturday nite, of all things! SHE WOLVES busted out some new and recent tunes, as well as a few choice nugs from Dava SheWolf's previous band, CYCLE SLUTS FROM HELL, including their classic "I Wish You Were a Beer" anthem, where both my co-host DDDanny and myself joined in on the choruses! She Wolves have played both my and Danny's birthday parties in the past, one in SF, and the other in NYC, and both have been memorable affairs.Check 'em out at myspace.com/shewolves for more info...
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,2/22/2009,307,138,10,12,10>I love this place! Here are the reasons why:1) the service was excellent - my friends and I were in Vegas  and wanted to have wine with our steak. We asked the waiter if buying by the glass was worth it or if we should pay for the whole bottle instead.The menu of course did not have the price associated with the wine, which was why we asked the question in the first place. The waiter indicated that a glass of wine for each of us would be enough. As the nite got later, the waiter kept coming by and filling up our glass of wine. I swear...we had like 3 fill glasses each by the end of the nite and only paid for one =)2) the food was outstanding for the price - I dunno about anyone else, but my fillet was cooked just right. My friend had the same meal as I did and were both raving about the steak. My other friend had the prime rib and the word "WOW" comes to mind. The prime rib was soOOoo big that the table next to us could not stop laughing. Not only did the prime rib look huge, but it was very juicy and tasty. 3) the atmosphere was beautiful - we had a really nice table with a clear ceiling. We could see the stars sighing at nite. Highly romantic and elegant. 4) the price - What can say...for how much we drank and ate...the price was really reasonable compared to Ruth Chris, Maestro, etc.5) overall- because of great company, service, price, and environment... I  will come back to this place!
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,2/21/2009,124,153,12,13,12>Preface: If you are a regular to my reviews, you know that I have written about this type of establishment before, but know that while I am writing this, my estrogen levels are at 1000%.Review:When the rule to a show is "If it's in front of your face, you can do whatever you want to it", expect me to buy a ticket to the front row.When I went I was a "virgin" to THUUUNNNNDDEEERRRR. I got a last minute invite to join a bachelorette party my friend was attending because I got to Vegas a day before the group I was there to hang out with. They called me up, said there were no if's and's or BUTT'S about it.. I had to go! Here are my rules to going based off of my experience:1. SHOWER- they get very up close and personal.. and if for any reason you are feeling less than fresh, you better pray to GOD you don't get pulled on stage.2. DRINK before- Drink plenty, but they don't have cocktail servers and you don't want to leave your table throughout the show and miss a second of the HOTNESS.3. SIT IN THE FRONT- Grab, bite, spank, and if you're lucky like I was.. you will have the hottest aussie POUR WATER ALL OVER HIMSELF RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU.4. PREPARE A WITTY COMEBACK- When you spend $20 to get your poloroid, make sure you have something amazing to say when your hotttttt aussie talks to you. For example, if he apologizes for getting you all wet during his performance, you can say: "That's ok, I'm still wet." in a sultry voice. LIKE I DID!5. IMAGINE THEY ARE GAY- they aren't. We met a few of them after the show at a club. But for your own sake, and the sake of everyone you talk to for the next few months, pretend they are. Your friends will get tired of you bringing up the THUNDER on a regular basis.GO. And prepare to fall in LOVE!
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,2/19/2009,650,591,5,7,6>If you have money, this is the spot to get some sick retro and original vintage (80s/90s gear) t-shirts, jackets, hats, kicks, etc. from brands like Nike, Reebok, Fila, Adidas, Jeremy Scott, Dr. Romanelli, etc.Some of my USF friends' friends opened up this spot a few years back and they've sold a lot of gear to the likes of M.I.A., Kanye West, and more.The Dr. Romanelli x Nike track jackets they got here are sick ass hell, but for a $1200 price tag, all I gotta say is THAT'S TOO RICH FOR MY BLOOD.Some of their Jeremy Scott gear is pretty sick and original too, but also expensive.T-Shirts over here cost anywhere from $30 to $120 or so.  Jackets even more.New Standard Boutique is in the plaza across the street from here for all your modern and more mainstream street fashion gear aside from Stussy, Undefeated, Laced, and Workmen's over in Las Vegas.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,2/18/2009,246,348,6,4,4>Interactive wax museum? You bet your sweet ass I'm going to love it! I was here back in November 2008 during my birthday weekend. It cost about $21.95 for adult admission, you get a student discount if you present your student ID.It's fun taking pictures with all the figures and thinking of different poses. My boyfriend thought of all the creative ones! I did agree with one Yelper's comment on the wax figures being  "glorified mannequins", hahah! Some of the figures don't look like the celebs that they are supposed to be. Jennifer Lopez looked more like Kathy Griffin and her ass was reduced by a lot!The best part was the "extra" interactive horror area. Hella scary ass shit but don't be chicken, you must participate!Definitely add this to your agenda if you're visiting Las Vegas.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2008,2/17/2009,129,453,4,5,5>Best. Mushrooms. Ever.Seriously, the mushrooms in wine here are amazing, best either myself or my bf has ever had.Back to the rest of the meal.  The cabernet that I ordered was delicious, bf didn't order a drink this meal.He ordered a blue cheese and tomato salad that he inhaled, and I had fois gras with raspberry and rhubarb chutney.  Second course, he had the bone-in ribeye and I had the petit filet.  Both were cooked to their perfect and respective temperatures.  We ordered the side of mushrooms and garlic mashed potatos, yum!I ordered the honey creme brulee, and it was also delicious.  This is one of the best steakhouses that I've ever been to.The service was a little over-attentive, and that they were trying too hard (the restaurant was only about 1/4 full).  It didn't bother me or the bf too much as the food more than made up for the hammy behavior.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,2/16/2009,299,1732,8,10,10>One of the Tip Top dining establishments in LV.  For that, 5 stars.  Tasting Menus for EVERY palate.  Stunning wine tower & frightening but gorgeous marble staircase.  For the techie geeks out there: the electronic wine tablet was definitely one to behold.  VERY cool.  I have a pictorial of a majority of the evening, but I got too excited in the beginning, so I devoured everything in sight, hence the missing photos.Amuse: Butternut Squash Soup, pretty good, not clumpy and not too sweet.C1: Trio of TunaHamachi Sashimi-Manton's Lemon Vinaigrette, Big Eye Tuna Tartar-Mongolian Vinaigrette & Toro-Smoked Shitake, Spicy Cilantro-Ginger Glaze.  Hamachi was fresh, but the lemon overpowered the fish, Big Eye, was like a light Hawaiian Poke, very good, the Toro blew our minds.  YES that good.  C2: Green Tea Smoked Moulard Duck BreastCreamy Parsnip "Risotto", huckleberry reduction, super fatty, slightly crisp, seasonal sauce & oh so good.  Love when Chef's surprise you with a veggie version of a starch.C3: Free Range Utah Bison TournedoVanilla scented Hudson Valley foie gras torchon, black winter truffle, applewood smoked bacon & celeriac puree.  Huge hunk of lean meat.  Topped with all sorts of flavorful decadence.C4: Lady Gala Apple Frangipan Tart w/a Salted Caramel Ice Cream.Puff Pastry Apple Pie Ala Mode-Haute Cuisine Style.All tasting menus need to be ordered round the table, Chef was happy to substitute the trio of tuna with seafood gnocchi for our pregger's guest and nix the wine pairing.  They actually docked half the listed price.  AWESOME.My dining partners appreciated the consideration, esp since many don't do substitutions.  It's nice to see restaurant's cater to their client's needs.  What is surprising to me most is how humble & almost boring the resto looks from the exterior.  Inside, it's modern and strikingly demure.  The food follows in the footsteps of the decor.  Aureole definitely has kept up with the new restos sprouting up all over Vegas.Riedel Anniversary Tasting Menu $195/pp including four glasses of wine paired specially by Chef Pouessel and Master Sommelier Sherer.  All wine was served in Riedel Glassware, which is part of the permanent collection of the MOMA NY.  Honestly I couldn't tell if the glasses were from IKEA, but the wine, coupled with the ambiance, stellar service & expertly prepared cuisine were enough to make me come back for more.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2008,2/15/2009,43,176,4,7,3>What a fun experience.  You get all the benefits of simulated flying without the whole "falling to your death" thing!  I'm sure this isn't as exilerating as jumping out of a plane, but it can be just as fun with a nice adrenaline kick!The staff is fun and friendly, very quick witted and attentive to questions.  They'll even get a chuckle out of you from time-to-time, similar to traffic school instructors, but a little more edgy.  What you see in their promotional videos as you walk in isn't necessarily what you get.  You'll see solo flyers doing stunts and tricks... this is NOT what you'll be doing your first time around.  You will be with a group of people under very controlled conditions.  Tricks are only for the advanced and experienced.There were a few things I wasn't particularly fond of.  The suits you wear are designed to provide drag so you can be easily lifted into the air.  They are reused and recycled and don't have the best ventilation.  It almost felt like a pair of bowling shoes.... for your whole body!  Granted, they didn't reek of sweat and musk, they just didn't seem like the cleanest suits on the block.  Another thing is the actual air being blown at high velocity.  This is Vegas air... so it's hot!  Imagine turning on your heater, standing right in front of it, then turning up the flow of air to one hundred miles per hour!  That's what it felt like.  Combined with the parachute suit... I was literally swimming in my own sweat halfway through this event.  By the end, I was five pounds lighter and mildly dehydrated (over exaggeration).Overall, it was a lot of fun.  This is something you should try if you have no interest in doing the real thing.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,2/14/2009,478,1032,4,4,5>Yum, I love Little Buddah.  It's one of my favorite restaurants ever and, it offers my favorite Sea Bass entree ever.  I used to frequent this trendy, tasty joint when I lived in Vegas and now that I'm reduced to tourist, I have to be happy just going on every trip.  The restaurant itself is an aesthetic treat and will impress any date.  They have a large buddha statue that looks over a front round sunken dining area as well as more dining in the back.  I prefer eating up front.  The music is also always topic of conversation as they always play the most interesting and provoking music.The sushi is always fresh and delish, my liquid center chocolate cake is always  to die for AND... the sea bass is always the favorite dish ordered from all the friends choices.  Go with the Bass...Because all of this is also reasonably priced for such great food and beautiful restaurant, I'm giving 5 stars!  It's usually less than 100$ for 2 people before tip... if you don't drink. hahaSee ya there!
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,2/13/2009,422,220,4,9,6>Wow..!I mean wow! How can you get so much food for only $15.95?Take the gluttony of a buffet and its various entrees, ranging from fried rice and quasi-sushi rolls and smash it together with a Korean BBQ-grill-at-your-table and you get something that's purely American with an Asian twist. Not so great for vegetarians or those trying to reduce their meat intake but I digress. They have an entire row of raw meat; marinated beef and pork, unmarinated beef and pork, chicken, shrimp, squid, etc. So choose what your heart desires because it will stop functioning after one session here.. a last meal, if you will.Enough snark...For the uninitiated:The marinated beef and ribs are slightly sweet yet yield slightly different tastes.The marinated pork and squid are slightly spicy.The unmarinated slices of beef and pork are meant to be eaten with the lettuce.. like a lettuce wrap; you can season accordingly with the various sauces available at the counter. My personal favorite is to mix the salt and pepper with sesame oil as a dipping sauce.If you feel so inclined you can try the tripe.. I didn't.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2008,2/12/2009,44,90,2,7,4>I am not sure if the show I saw tonight is the same thing many of the 1-star reviewers saw on the first Saturday.  Tonight was a double feature night thanks to Susan R. of Yelp: Believe followed by O.  From what I had already read, it seemed I was about to see the worst Cirque show and the best.  Going in with such low expectations, I was pleasantly surprised.The show begins with Criss being introduced as if this were an episode taping of MindFreak.  Perhaps this is where most people get let down: thinking they are going to see a MindFreak show.  For a moment it is, however it devolves (in a good way) into the mind of the freak, you might say, as he fights his inner demons.  Every single set piece is tied together as he moves along and while not every scene clicks, everything does make sense.  Rabbits and magic, dancing and costumes; its a cirque show.  It's not as good as O, which I saw after Believe, but I'd not mark it too far down the list of Cirque shows to see.I know not everyone liked it, but at this show, maybe three people walked out and he had a standing ovation at the end.  A few grumbles were heard outside but overwhelmingly it was a positive atmosphere.Remember, most all of these reviews are for the PREVIEW show.  Halloween is Believes opening night.  The show will get better up until then.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2008,2/11/2009,576,429,11,13,11>2nd time here, I told myself I would conquer this beezy and I DID. HELL YEA.The line (there is ALWAYS a line) was insane so you better come with a group of girls because they'll let ANY group of girls in - trust me, I've seen hot, decent and fugly get through just because they have a vagina.Okay, all the guys who complain about getting in. You should know it's hard for you and the rest of your guyfriends to get in unless you're willing to PAY FOR IT!!If you're a guy and you come with a group of guys, you have 3 choices: 1. You go VIP and get a table. 2. You stand in line and hope and pray you see the entrance. 3. You pay the men watching the line.If you do 1, the very least, you'll look baller and most likely you can get some breezies to your table, wanting free alcohol. If you do 2, you better go real freakin early or you'll seriously never see the front. The line moves slow so be prepared to wait! Your best bet to get in if you're a guy (and by best, I mean cheapest), is probably to pay off the bouncers. I overheard a guy try to bargain with one of the guys watching the door (the ones with clipboards and blackberries), he was asking him how much it would cost his group of 7 guys (all ugly by the way) to get in. The guy offered the bouncer $200 and he accepted. That's roughly $30 per guy, excluding cover, which is like $30.Times like this is when I love being a girl. ;)That being said, when we got in, it was just like the first time. Beautiful layout, gorgeous waterfall and packed! Dance floor overflows onto the outside patio that overlooks the waterfall. So you can dance all night long and walk out to the patio to get a fresh breath of air.Music was pretty good but they started to play Journey and Guns & Roses. Hey, that's cool and all but how are you suppose to booty shake to that?!Ladies' bathroom was crazy since there was a line! Should have known.When we were walking around, we walked to the corner of Tryst and saw a stripper pole! Unfortunately, there wasn't a real stripper on it - it was some drunk patron who needed help getting her fatass up the pole. There were some crinkled one dollar bills on the ground though.Drinks are expensive but strong (at least in my case). Beautiful people - yes but on the other end, there were some heinous looking folk too. Beware of beer goggles. SERIOUSLY!And I agree with Neeta P. Go-go dancers were sweet! Especially Erica :) She was a sweetheart!Overall, I loved Tryst. I had so much fun, I would definitely go back!
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,2/10/2009,80,366,4,8,6>This place is simply gorgeous and makes you forget that you're sitting in Vegas in the middle of the dessert. The food was good and the service was amazing. We went on a Friday evening - surprisingly, it was very easy to get a reservation (most likely because we were only a party of two and were willing to have an early dinner - 6:30). Walking in, we were immediately taken aback by the gorgeous view - the restaurant opens up into the (ok fine, man-made but still beautiful) waterfall and lake. Highly recommend asking for a table facing the waterfall - you can either sit in or outside (but since I'm a wuss and I like my AC, we sat inside directly facing the water). DB's has a $48 prix fixe menu if you order before 7 p.m., which was nice. I chose the chilled corn soup, skate americaine and chocolate hazelnet dessert. Thoughts: -Chilled corn soup: extremely, extremely tasty, and perfect for a Vegas summer night! It was served with fried potato (I think?) puffs, which was a nice addition. There were some cold bell peppers in the soup, which gave it a nice flavor. Only issue was that the serving was HUGE - I was struggling to finish towards the end. -Skate Americaine: The fish/lobster topping was yummy - it was a nice light fish. However, I was not a fan of the beans....not. at. all. -Dessert: If I hadn't ordered this as part of the prix fixe meal, I would probably have been upset....it was TINY. I think the actual chocolate/hazelnut part was about as big as my pinky. For $13-14 on the regular menu, I think they could be a little more generous with the dessert portion size. Other thoughts: -BF had the $32 burger...I don't know how one person can finish that, but it is ginormous and decadent. Waiter recommended medium instead of medium rare, to make sure the foie gras was more cooked...we definitely appreciated his recommendation. -I had a pear mojito, which was amazing. -They really need to have a discussion with the Wynn about the waterfall shows...we saw two while dining. The first one was a giant neon frog singing - this one was ok - but the second was this strange, techno-disco-hypnotic snake/neon woman/something weird show. The second show was super long and super creepy.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,2/9/2009,18,95,4,6,6>If you decide on eating at Craftsteak, I suggest you come prepared with two things: alot of cash and a huge appetite for meat. The cash, because even though the menu is extensive (items range from about $12 to $130, with most meats being $50 and up), you owe it to yourself to try the 3 course Kobe Tasting Menu at minumum. At $130 per person, it isn't cheap, but when you're done you'll realize that it was money well spent. The appetite, because assuming you've ordered the above, you will be rewarded with the most insanely good, heavenly Kobe steaks on earth along with impressive sides and desserts. Our party of four decided to go big (I don't believe in coming to these caliber restaurants and ordering small) and we were rewarded with Kobe filet mignon, Kobe ribeye, Kobe skirt steak, and Kobe sirloin. Being a chefs' tasting menu, we did not get to decide what starters/sides/cuts/desserts to order, but this made the experience that much more exciting. The entire meal was served family style, giving everyone an opportunity to try everything. The wine list was equally impressive, actually it was more like a book than a list. Apparently there were over 700 wines in it, with some bottles topping over $8000 (we did NOT go this big).Each cut of meat was presented in either a cast iron or stainless steel pan, complete with the most amazing steak sauce reductions. The filet, ribeye, and skirt steak easily could have been the best three cuts of steak I've ever had. The Kobe sirloin seemed pedestrian in comparison, but was easily up there with most cuts at any other top steakhouse. The starters and sides were also very good with the highlights being the Kobe beef tartare and the potato puree. The four desserts were also excellent but probably weren't enjoyed as much because all of us were in a Kobe-beef induced haze.The service, decor and ambiance was excellent as expected, my only complaint being that the restaurant is super dim. Everyone in our party agreed that they'd definitely come back despite the bill, but probably would order a la carte since we knew what cuts of meat and sides we wanted, and we probably wouldn't order quite as much food. Thanks, Tom Colicchio!
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,2/8/2009,90,68,7,8,8>An elderly Las Vegas restaurant that serves primarily Swiss, German, and French dishes in an atmosphere matched in antiquity only by your grandmother's rotten old living room. Swiss Cafe has been a Vegas institution since 1972. I remember eating duck with juniper berries here for Thanksgiving when I was in elementary school. They have yet to update a single furnishing or decoration in the intervening decade since. The alfresco dining area has seen better days- the marble tabletops are stained and chipped, the white fencing is rusted, and the "garden" greenery has been laid to rest for sometime. In defiance of its stale, VERY Swiss interior, the food here is good. I don't like Swiss or German or Austrian food - in fact, the entire time I was in Germany and Austria I avoided eating anything traditional (save for pig knuckle and beer). However, the schnitzel here is something I will eat for the sake of tradition and not completely hate it- it's lightly breaded, almost like a tempura rather than a big thick coating of greasy breading like you find at Vegas' Hofbrauhaus (which, by the way, is an insult to the original). Entrees come with fried spaetzle, which I found too crunchy, and sweet purple cabbage is served in place of sauerkraut, which was very good. The escargot was decent enough, although they serve them in "their" shell making eating one of these suckers an exercise in dexterity. The soups are okay- the shrimp bisque was creamy and subtle, the French onion was unspectacular. Not too many fun German wine options - the only Riesling on the menu was $60. Service is very good because this place is always so dead (only two other tickets over the course of our three hour dinner). Overall, Swiss is a casual, relatively inexpensive continental restaurant that is worth going to for the excellent Schnitzel and the vintage vibe.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,2/7/2009,608,477,6,6,6>My favorite club in Vegas, hands down. It used to be PURE but now it's TAO! Good job, Tao.I know everyone says it's way too crowded in here but I think that's what makes this club awesome. This venue is HUGE and the fact that they can pack it from Thurs to Sat nights is wowing in itself. I came here twice and I've never had to pay cover which is awesome. Thanks, Tao. Drinks here are expensive but you can always charge it to your room if you're staying at the Venetian/Palazzo. Dangerous but WAY convenient!When I came here in the summer, they had opened up the Tao Beach area to party at. Extra bar, tons of table seating, and the closed off kiddie pool. We definitely came out here for a breather.I came back here again this past weekend (in December) and the Tao Beach area was closed off. I think that's good since it was about 35 degrees out. Chillllayyyy!! The dance floor was packed as always and the balcony right next to the dance floor should be your getaway if you want some fresh air. Also, the view of the Venetian is breath-taking from Tao! Ladies, if you want to use the restroom, do go upstairs to the 3rd floor! There are about 10 individual stalls. Oh and be sure to find two naked ladies in bathtubs with only flower petals covering their boobages!!
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,2/6/2009,289,324,9,8,7>I'd have to say that the Trump hotel defied everything I've ever thought about anything "Trump".When I think Trump,  think over-priced: Nah, hotwire hooked me up for super cheap - $129 for weekend nights in September!When I think Trump, I think gaudy and hideous: Nope again, clean, modern rooms with GINORMOUS bathrooms, fantastic amenities, comfy beds and some of the most spacious rooms I've ever encountered without spending a zillion dollars in Vegas.When I think Trump, I think pretentious and snooty: Still no, everyone was courteous, friendly, helpful and polite, from the valets, to check-in clerks, bartenders, to servers. True, this place is about a block off the strip (across from the mall if that cut-through makes you feel like it's less of a stroll) but still just a stone's throw from the Wynn. With no casino or 24 hour restaurant inside, this place isn't the best suggestion for your bachelor party or college reunion. But if you're like me and often make low-stress trips to Vegas with a specific reason for being in town, this is defintiely my new preference in lodging. Well done Trump, looks like your hair piece isn't the only deceiving thing about your image, and apparently that can sometimes be a good thing.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,2/5/2009,409,600,11,12,10>did i like the hotel?  yes! would i stay again?  not unless i find a great deal!although the goods outweigh the bads at the venetian, what's bad on the list is a non-negotiable item, at least for me.  the goods:- suite is huge with a sunken living room and 2 flat screen tv's.- bathroom is beautiful with marble floors, separate bath and shower, another flat screen tv and double vanities.- there's a door to toilet room(!) which makes things a lot convenient and less embarrassing in case you have to take #2 :)- great restaurants and shops so you never have to leave the hotel premise.- the main lobby is about 30 feet from the casino, so the hotel feels less crowded and gives the un-vegas like impression, especially if you are staying in venezia tower.the bads:- mind boggling layout of the place (10th floor on main tower somehow becomes 4th floor on venezia tower).- valet parking is always full...is that even possible?- pool area is not a place to flaunt your dd size boobs (so friggin' fake and i am not being jealous) nor a fashion show runway to sport your gucci stilettos.- 1 ply toilet papers...wtf!!!  this is so ghetto for a hotel at this caliber and absolutely non-negotiable.the venetian hotel is NOTHING like venice, italy, except for its confusing layout.  the main theme here is "bigger the better".  the only reason i'd ever book this hotel in the future would be to enjoy the tub and the room itself.  and this time, i'd make sure to bring my own charmin ultra soft with my bf in tow.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,2/4/2009,131,312,8,11,9>When this place gets packed you feel like sardines forced to cram together and watch hot girls take their cloths off, ok maybe if you're a guy this isn't so bad.When we went it was standing room only. Luckily there was a gentleman who was kind enough to give me his seat (ok so now im grandma!) lucky for him one of the dancers saw him do this and went up to him and gave a thorough thank you for me. one of the dancers asked if i was going to 'yelp her' errr, no but i'm sure one of my guy friends would love to.Lap dances can cost $20-$30 (didn't quite understand the sliding scale). The drinks are reasonable maybe because they assume if you drink enough you'll just sit there and give all your money away. Funny, I wasn't drunk and I just wanted a nice show yet I walked away $70 or so lighter.The girls here are hot the hottest of all the vegas strip clubs (read next review). If you get wasted, the bouncers will get you a cab (for free). Black shiny stages that goes around the club and velvet curtains gives it a classy feel. Come with your other half or a girlfriend and you're in for free. Don't piss off the bouncers, they threw out some guys for grabbing the waitresses.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,2/3/2009,315,242,24,19,20>How do you give four women simultaneous (food) orgasms?First take them to Vegas.  Then take them to Rio and stick them in a long-ass line, make them watch the same loud, lame show twice (and considering that show starts every hour, that gives you an idea of exactly how long that long-ass line was), and force them to see the same freaking faces all around them as they get hungrier and hungrier and crankier and crankier.  Basically the equivalent of taking them to see the English Patient on a first date.When you have about 30 minutes to go, shake things up a bit by getting two of them hammered off one drink from the casino bar.  (After all, it doesn't take much to get them going if their stomachs are *that* empty. static.px.yelp.com/photo)Get them *just* to the point where they're saying, "goddammit, this better be damn good!" (static.px.yelp.com/photo)...then let them loose.No foreplay, NO FILLER!!!!!!Get straight to the point and take these women to the CRAB LEGS.  We're not talking costco style, salty-yet-still-bland, cut up the side for easy access crab legs...we're talking succulent, taste-like-they-just-came-out-of-the-wild-Bering Sea amazing morsels of heaven.  Seriously, food has never given me such pure joy.  Pure, pure, unadulterated crustacean-induced happiness.My dearest Village Buffet, you were so memorable, almost 2 months later, I'm still trying to figure out how to quit you.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,2/2/2009,95,143,12,7,7>my very reasonable room included the following items:1. A fake eames task chair2. a modern soaking tub in the loo area.3. real movie stuff!  (Seriously, there was all this sweet ass stuff from Jurassic Park!  There was the 10,000 volts sign that you see right before the fat guy from Seinfeld gets spit on and fucks up everything else for those little kids and stuff)4. View of the bellagio fountain thing.5. The terms "hip" and "hollywood" in the title.  The Casino and its surroundings included:1. A bunch of mall stores that allow you to drink 151 while browsing.  151!2. rocky. penny. slots.  3. strippers on poles...at about 8pm...right where people gamble money.  I applaud that move.  Well played, casino-making people who know more about that casino-y stuff than I do. Seriously!  That 10,000 volts sign!  I was all crazy boyish.  Goddamn Nedry! Them hungry raptors totally tried to eat those kids.  Good movie, that Jurassic Park.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2008,2/1/2009,83,77,9,8,8>Take a drive down Flamingo Road in Las Vegas and you pass by...Mortons, Ruth Chris, Flemings, Roy's Hawaiian...and SEXXPRESSO?!  We hit the brakes, literally, to do a double take.  So in lieu of Starbucks, we head here out of curiosity more than anything.Sexxpresso boasts "The Hottest Coffee in Vegas" and is a free-standing structure that is drive-thru only.  We drive up to the window and are immediately greeted by a female barista in a sexy referree costume who was comfortable with our surprised, wide-eyed looks.  I ordered a soy cappuccino which was pretty good.  Less sweet than Starbucks. Their menu has good a variety of smoothies, coffee drinks, and blended ices.  They aren't open on Sundays. Probably because the female baristas were out dancing the night before at their "other" jobs.  Only in Vegas would this place work.  Worth a pit stop just for kicks!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,1/31/2009,274,299,15,8,11>An open letter to Bobby Flay.Dear Bobby Flay,Marry me. No seriously, marry me. Your Ancho-chile honey glazed salmon haunts my dreams. Your burbon pork tenderloin has tickled me in such a way I've never thought possible. So what if the wait on a Friday night was an hour and a half? You gave us the option of having just as exceptional service at the bar! And just when I expected mediocrity from the dessert menu, I am blown away by your Banana-Hazelnut Crunch Sundae with warm, sexy fig sauce that reminds me of the way you man that grill.. You sexy Bobby Flay you. I left my digits with your bartender. Let's get together and grill a steak or two sometime.xoxoVerotica
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2008,1/30/2009,244,357,5,11,7>What a surprise!Theresa B. took me and my friend here to try their cheap bbq. It definitely did not disappoint! The servings were huge! The first time we ever came here (which was sometime last year), we were so hungry that we couldn't wait 1 1/2 hours to eat their bbq, so we ate their steak special at their other restaurant. It was alright for the price (I think it was something like $7)But..if you really have to come here...you have to eat their bbq! Expect long waits though (at least an hr to eat here). The best time to come is right when it's open at 4pm. They have four different items on their menu:Full rack of ribs ($12), 1/2 rack of ribs ($9), 1/2 chicken ($8), and 1/2 chicken & half a rack of ribs ($9) ---These prices are only if you have the Ellis Island Players Card. Don't forget to join, as members will save $3 per item!WARNING: HUGE SERVINGS! I had to share my 1/2 rack or ribs & 1/2 chicken with a friend!Each of the plates also comes with several sides: 2 corn cobs, coleslaw, baked beans, and 2 pieces of garlic bread! SO MUCH FOOD!You cannot get a better bbq deal than this anywhere!Btw, they also brew their own beer and root beer. The rootbeer isn't that bad either, and costs $1. Their beer is $2.50. They brew hef, red, dark, etc. Hours for this bbq place is 4pm to 10pm.Remember to bring your appetite! Be careful of weird people here...
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,1/29/2009,287,292,6,10,10>The food was good. They make the guacamole table side and give you the option to not include any of the ingredients. I heard the flautas were amazing, but didn't try them. I got the barbecued salmon with mashed sweet potatoes and asparagus. Salmon with 2 of my favorite side dishes are hard to beat. Perfect amount of food too. Enough to create a nice base for drinking all night, but not too much that you feel bad leaving most of it behind. I felt the specialty drinks were a touch too sweet, but you could tell they were made well. Also our server was incredibly nice and not just split up the tab for us but also split the shared items so we were charged a fraction of each.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,1/28/2009,527,823,8,12,7>I was stuck in traffic on the strip - no surprise!  But, I was SO hungry after my flight that when I saw the word 'Bahay', I became so excited and did a jacked up turn to make it into the parking lot.  Stepping inside was like heaven.  Especially to a person delusional from hunger.  They have all the Filipino food you could imagine...honestly, it was that big of a selection.  After much debate, I decided on the kare-kare (ox-tail in peanut butter) and sinagang (tamarind broth soup).  With a heaping pile of steamed rice.  Under $10.  Deal alert!  The kare-kare was realllllly good.  (ALMOST as good as my mom's.)  You know how some places skimp out on the peanut butter?  Nope, not this place!  Peanut buttery goodness.  Sinagang, yum.  It had so many veggies and such a nice broth that it balanced the heaviness of the kare-kare.  I think I sat in the booth for a good 10 min after I was done eating. Food coma at its finest.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2008,1/27/2009,185,427,11,12,11>for $45, you can use the spa all day (including the fitness center).  you can come and go as you please.  sounds like a great deal, but i guess i'm not as much of a girly girl as i thought.  or maybe i'm just not a spa girl.  plus, the sight of nekkid women....young and old, hot and not, just makes me uncomfortable.  the only section of this facility i enjoyed was the roman bath.  qua...the spa inside caesars palace, is just like any other spa.  there's the sauna (which we sat in for less than a minute).....the arctic ice room, so cute with a bubble machine (which we sat in for 1 minute)......and the herbal steam room, where you can't see your hand in front of your face (which we sat in for 1.5 minutes).  and there's the "whirlpool", which is essentially a giant jacuzzi.  but the roman bath had the perfect temperature water...with jets too.  there are a few chairs in the roman bath area, but other than that, there is no place to lay down and relax.  they have a tea room where you wait for them to call your name, but that's the only place to lounge.  complimentary fruit, iced tea, hot tea, water, pretzels and juice are available.  locker room is very cramp.service when we first arrived was "bitchy".  the girl who we paid seemed to look down upon us because we weren't getting any of their services, just the day pass.  and they must've been busy because we didn't get our tour.  but throughout my couple hours there, the employees smiled and checked on us frequently.  after going to lay out at the pool, the rest of our gals went back to the spa before getting ready for dinner.  i, however didn't feel the trek back to the augustus tower was worth it, so i stayed poolside.(ROTD #5)
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,1/26/2009,113,96,12,10,10>This beast is a Triple Kingburger:yelp.com/biz_photos/LtXyI could not finish this damn thing.  It's actually bigger than it looks in the pic, you can't see the depth there.  And you have to chip away at an angle since it won't fit in your mouth.  The cook came out to check on my progress after 20 minutes and just laughed that I wasn't close to done.  I felt like John Candy in The Great Outdoors at the steakhouse when they tell him he has to eat the fat and gristle too.  Oh and for all you Gen "Z"ers or "Millenials" with your "internets" and "imacpods" and "myfriendspaces", who are gonna try to make me feel old for referencing John Candy instead of Chris Farley or the fat kid from Superbad, take a lookee here:youtube.com/watch?v=c3Z4It's a very good thing, but damn, that's a lot of meat.Fatburger is great because they're open 24/7 and they're right there just north of the MGM on the Strip.  So at 1 am when you and all your drunk buddies are realizing how many empty calories are in half a bottle of vodka, and that all the good restaurants in Vegas close at 10 or 11, you know where to go.  Sure it gets messy in there but you're too drunk or hungry to care right?  And you don't really want McDonald's do ya?  No.  No, you don't.Oh yeah and props to Eli G for the burger inspiration, this guy lives and breathes the carnivore lifestyle:yelp.com/user_details?us
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2009,1/25/2009,358,399,3,7,7>Just another new breakfast / lunch spot in the Vegas Valley. Of course, it's close to my old condo so i had to give it a try. Ate there twice for breakfast while i was making the move - place was hoppin' ( it's in an industrial park area - most of the customers were workers in the area ) decent $2.95 breakfast - the usual 2 eggs, potatoes toast, bacon/sausage/ham. Also tried their version of the grand slam - cost $5.95. if in the area and need a quick bite at reasonable prices, i recommend. Go out of your way for a special breakfast/lunch ? not the place. happy eating !
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2008,1/24/2009,292,912,21,12,14>"You Know You're a Fatass when..." You Know You're a Fatass when.....you're on vacation in Chicago and tell your friend you want to eat chicken wings and watch the football game and she takes you to BW3 and you fall in love! You Know You're a Fatass when.....you get back home, find yourself googling BW3 and falling into a deep depression when you learn your home state doesn't have a BW3 You Know You're a Fatass when.....although you don't have any type of start up capital you dream of opening up your own flagship franchise BW3 location in your home state. You Know You're a Fatass when.....you realize the closest BW3 is in Nevada and become obsessed with getting your fatass self over there ASAP! You Know You're a Fatass when.....you're in Nevada visiting family and find yourself calling in an order for garlic Parmesan chicken wings and boneless buffalo wings and making your younger cousin drive you to BW3 even though you just left a restaurant and aren't hungry! You Know You're a Fatass when.....you're so damn proud of yourself for getting yourself some BW3 wings that you write about it on yelp to gloat. You Know You're a Fatass when.....the review you just wrote starts depressing you because you don't know when you and BW3 will meet again : ( I love you BW3... come to So Cal will ya??? Puuuuhhhlease!!! You Know You're a Fatass when.....you find yourself publicly groveling and begging a chain sports bar to come to you.UPDATE: I'd like to thank the good man upstairs for answering my prayers. We now have a plethora of BW3's all over So Cal =)
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,1/23/2009,192,90,11,29,15>Holy Jesus, Mary, and Joseph:  This is the single greatest buffet... ever.  Of course the value of the $85/person price tag is going to be tied to how much you eat and whether your reeeeeallly like seafood, but if you're like me...BTW:  I decided to write this review anecdotally, so forgive my indulgence.  Let's start with the fact that the world's greatest buffet is at Ballys.BALLYS?:Yes, I know it's at Bally's which makes this whole experience a bit out of place.  No matter - when we approached the restaurant, things got quieter and the atmosphere began to change, starting with the patron's apparel.  Around the restaurant, people were suddenly wearing golfing outfits, collared shirts, and pleated well-pressed pants.  It reminded me of the oasis that is the Steakhouse at Circus Circus. When we walked in, we were immediately served champagne.  This usually rings hollow to most foodies being that the champagne is usually two-buck-chuck... but this was Perrier Jouet!  Hell - my wife and I drank this after I'd proposed to her.As we were seated, we were offered beverages other than our delicious champagne.  Coffee & Orange Juice please.  A glass & a cup appeared and lo-and-behold. the OJ was FRESH SQUEEZED and the coffee was smooooooooth - not at all sour or bitter.  Things were lookin' awesome. THE BUFFET:I know what you're thinking.  And you're right.  I hate buffets.  I've been to the Bellagio Buffet, the Le Village Buffet, the Wynn Buffet, the Rio Seafood Buffet, blah blah blah.  I've got news for you.  They're all marginal-to-moderately good.  (although the Rio's gone into the toilet over the past few years)  The other three are okay and have their strengths.  They have reasonable quality and you're not going to get sick at any of them but you're not going to come away with an OMG-thatwassogood reaction. This was completely different:  None of the aforementioned buffets even comes close to the Sterling Brunch - it's simply in a class of it's own.  The buffet literally glows under the warm incandescent lamps above.  Here's a list of the things that I sampled from this embarrassment of riches that laid before me. - Hot gourmet-prepared Lobsters - Caviar with toast, blini, crème fraîche, onions, egg crumbles, & chives - Steamed Alaskan King Crab legs - Prime Rib with Au Jus & 3 different types of horseradish - Rack of Lamb with Mint Jelly - Extremely fresh fruit on ice including watermelon, strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, and various melon slices - Huge shrimp... I mean really large prawns... with cocktail sauce - Shucked oysters on ice - Omelets ready-to-order with sausage, mushrooms, green onions, and a variety of other ingredients - Sushi of all sorts (Didn't eat any of this) - Lox & Bagels (Didn't eat any of this either) ...and a lot more that I didn't look at.  Here's the menu if you want to see it:harrahs.com/images/PropeNormally, at a buffet - the shrimp are some of the first things you 'hit'.  In this case, they were the absolute LAST things we tried.  No joke.  I mean, heck - we figured, you can get shrimp anywhere. Understand, it was really hard not to just 'pig out'.  What with all the champagne being poured and fresh coffee being decanted, and the bottomless glass of fresh squeezed, sweet orange juice that I was being spoiled with, I really couldn't tell you what I was doing other than stuffing my face and pretending I was a Roman Emperor.  One thing I can recommend is for everyone to be selective about what you get.  It'll be there later when you want to try it - they don't run out. In all seriousness, any one of these buffet items would have been worthy of a delicious paid for meal in-of-itself.  I told my wife that I could sit and gorge myself on the lobster alone it was sooooo sweet, soft, hot, and did I mention they had an endless supply of melted butter to go with the endless supply of lobster? But no, the thing that I spent the most time with was the caviar.  I love caviar.  (I had so much to write about my first experience at the Sterling Brunch that it exceeded the 5000 char limit of Yelp.  I ended up writing a blog post about this, the environment, the desserts, and a little more about the caviar, so if you're interested in reading more:kurtsthoughts.spaces.liv )CONCLUSION:I think it's safe to say that this will forever be on my list of places to go in Vegas from here on out.  It's only available on Sundays, but I think it will be well worth it to "stick around" on Sundays to go to the brunch before heading to the airport.  This is truly the "One Meal to Rule them All".
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,1/22/2009,325,650,8,12,11>I thought the burgers and drinks here were delicious.  They have specialty burgers that are sorted by "country," which mostly meant there was some type of special cheese/ingredient that classified it that way.Anyways, the burgers were juicy and very satisfying, and not that overpriced considering this is Vegas.  The drinks, on the other hand, were very expensive but quite good, including 1 watermelon flavored martini that I don't remember the name of.  If you stay at Harrah's or any of their hotels, they usually give you a coupon here, which is why we came.  Glad we did!
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,1/21/2009,4974,721,5,9,6>I am STILL kicking myself for not getting the rib eye!!  My wife and I went w/ a good friend.  My wife got the filet as usual, I opted for the bone in filet which was surprisingly different tasting than hers.  My buddy got the bone in ribeye which tasted so good despite being cooked medium which says a lot!!Appetizers:  mushroom pastry and the buffalo mozzarella w/ sundried tomatoes.  Both were excellent and very flavorful.  I can still taste those tomatoes.Sides:  We all thought the sides were pretty damn creative here.  The creamed spinach w/ a deep fried, breaded poached egg in the middle is pure genius!!  Watch out for yolk splatter when the server breaks it :P  French onion potato gratin was really good too!  I thought the mac and cheese was just ok..a little too watery for me but still good.Dessert: Can't turn down chocolate souffle and we got the peanut butter and chocolate donuts with it which were tremendous.  I didn't think the donuts at Fix could be topped but they were.  I'll bump this up to 5 stars when I go back and have the rib eye.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2008,1/20/2009,204,297,8,8,8>Since I can't afford the Palms most of the time, I have to have a back up cheapish place to stay in Vegas, and I usually choose the LV Hilton.  I'm in their player's club (whose player's club am I NOT in??) so they send me deals in the mail all the time.  $199 for three nights plus free buffets?  Yes, please!I love this hotel because it was just remodeled, has a decent pool, several happy hours, they have inexpensive gambling, and a ton of  food options.  Also it is home to Barry Manilow, and the Star Trek bar, Quark's, home of the Warp Core Breach and Borg Sphere punchbowl drinks!  Nerd watching potential is high at the Hilton.  Definitely request a renovated room.  Great beds, and if you can get them to put you in the North tower, that's the concierge tower and you get access to their 24th floor lounge with free snacks and drinks 6am - 8pm.  This plus free buffets equals not paying for much food and hence more money for gambling at the $5 tables (day time only).It's not terribly fancy compared to, say, the Wynn or Bellagio, but Elvis played all his Vegas shows there, so it's got built in street cred.  Not to mention a 20 story tall poster of Barry Manilow on the side of it.  If it was good enough for Elvis and Manilow, it's sure as hell good enough for me.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,1/19/2009,1199,60,13,14,11>Some friends are in town for a convention and they ask me to redeem myself by picking a good place to eat for dinner. GOOD they emphasized. (Note: See my previous post about the Bellagio Buffet) Oh, and they wanted someplace off the strip thats not a chain restaurant. Oh boy. Fun!I log onto Yelp to check out some options. Immediately I see my HUGE A$$ Pancake picture and suggest Hash House A Go Go. Its pretty tasty there. I was then told that someone in the group didnt want to see humongous portions anymore. Huh? What? Really? I dont think I've ever heard that before.So I go on searching for the perfect place and there it was... Staring blatantly at me right smack dab on the front page. No other than the Review of the Day! The place? Lotus of Siam! Voted the Best Thai food in America by Gourmet Magazine has to mean something... right?I jump on my cell and immediately call the restaurant. I know they are always packed and require a day in advance reservations. The nice gentleman on the phone tells me that they are allowing walk ins tonight and its a first come first served basis. I figure for a Wednesday night, it cant be that busy.... Can it? My friends leave from the Venetian and I leave from my house. I get a call about 10 minutes later."Leo, are you sure its Lotus of Siam?""Yes, why?""Its not in the nicest of areas. Its in a strip mall and its surrounded by "massage parlors" and such. Is it really that good?"Feeling like they were in an episode of Punk'd, I assured them that the food is outstanding. I also jokingly told them not to leave any valuables in the car and to keep a close eye on their purse/pockets. Of course you know there's always a little truth in every joke.So I pull up around 7:30 and notice a few parties waiting outside the door. I see my friends and they said we're 4th on the list. Not to bad I guess. We wait a good 30 minutes and finally get seated. A couple that had been waiting there before us snickered at us since we got seated before them. I guess I would feel the same way too after smelling all that yummy food.Lets get to the important stuff. THE FOOD!GARLIC CHICKEN WINGS. Oh my God. This is delicious. Light crispy skin with honey garlic spicy sauce. Wow. This dish was good. You get about 7-8 wings per order.NAM KAO TOD - The crispy rice and sour sausage dish was very very tasty. Lots of flavors attacking the pallet at the same time. We got a medium spicy and we felt it. The spiciness was gradually getting hotter and hotter with each bite. If you only took one bite, you'd be fine. But seriously, how can you stop after only one bite?TOM YUM KUNG - Hot and sour with shrimp, lime juice, lemon grass, and straw mushroom. Tasty but I dont think I would order this again with so many other soup choices on the menu.GARLIC PRAWN - Amazing. The skin was soooo crispy, you could eat the prawn whole with skin and everything. One friend kept on eating just the skin! The prawns were huge. Normally, the medium size shrimp go about 40/45 pieces per pound. I bet these would be like 20 pieces a pound.CRISPY DUCK with PANANG - I think this was the best dish of the night. Wow. The duck skin was definitely crispy. There were good chunks of meat under the skin as well. Definitely more than I expected. And that alone is mouth watering, but then add the Panang (Curry) and it was perfect. I would definitely without a doubt order this again.SEA BASS OVER DRUNKEN NOODLES - The sea bass filets were seared just right and the thick (chow fun) noodles underneath were scrumptious as well. I was delightfully surprised about the large serving size.All this food with some Thai Iced Teas and we were happy campers. Needless to say, I redeemed myself with a good pick and the party definitely had a good meal. This morning when I arrived at work, I found myself telling all my coworkers about Lotus of Siam and how AWESOME the food is. I guess I really liked it. Anyone coming to Vegas has to check this place out. And most importantly... DONT FORGET TO INVITE ME!I hear the lunch buffet is not very good. Definitely go for dinner... and make reservations!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/18/2009,25,8,5,5,5>Spectacular!!! Not long after we were seated, a fresh warm baguette in a bag was served. We ordered Escargots de Bourgogne , a dozen of oyster, Filet mignon with merlot butter, bone-in ribeye, Sea Scallops Gratinees for 4 of us. Since we all shared our foods and get to taste everything we ordered, Both filet Mignon and rib-eye are tender and juicy, practically melted in your mouth, Escargots are tender with roasted garlic flavoured, and oyster are fresh. PERFECT!!! I mean everything we ordered . We were seated outside in front of an evening view of the Bellagio fountains, It was really nice to have your dinner while a beautiful water show presents before your eyes, however, it was sad while it was playing "Time to say goodbye" when we were about finishing our dinner Yes,we are leaving in the morning, somehow we know we are gonna to miss this place.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,1/17/2009,633,224,24,12,16>From:  Absentee, TroubleTo:  Me; Undisclosed Female RecipientsSent:  Monday, July 14, 2008 8:07 PMSubject:  Juicy details...What did I miss, girls?!  I want all the juicy details...xoxo-------------------------------From:  MeTo:  Absentee, Trouble; Undisclosed Female RecipientsSent:  Tuesday, July 15, 2008 10:36 PMSubject:  Juicy details...How should I put this.  The juiciest part of the last minute get-away, I think, had to have been the burger from DJT - the restaurant located in the new Trump International Hotel.  I'm saying, on the one hand, that the mar-a-lago turkey burger, crunchy pickle and curried ("Donald Trump special seasoning") and seasoned steak fries were no joke, standout.  I wanted to write home and cry.  On the other hand, it's also an implication of a rather tame weekend.  Hey, don't call me a liar!  It can happen.  Sure, it's Vegas, the City of Sodom and Gomorrah, where vagrants and degenerates battling clinical addictions with last weekend's poker chips still buried in their pockets fly solo to fade into the background.  ("Sir, I don't mind so much your musk of ashtray and sweat and vodka, but you are 5'1'' and I have no idea why your little elbows and knees require so much room that they must dominate my seat as well.")So sorry to disappoint, babe.  We are classy (old) ladies -- the few found that weekend without teeny weeny tank tops obscenely stretched thin just barely over our buns*.  You were there with us in spirit though, especially when we spotted a softer Clive Owen-type displaying his package in speedos.  You would have had him for lunch.  For sure.Next time!  You and your bewitching dimples are coming with us.  Let's make sure to retain a good attorney and have that phone call ready.xo.i*Not all modern day tunics function autonomously as dresses.  In fact, many of them don't or shouldn't, depending on your body type.  But hey, whatever.  You go sister.  Get down with your bad self and do what makes you feel good.  During the day window shopping, I think I overheard a little baby girl ask her mama why no women in Las Vegas wears pants.  At least I think that's what she said.  Because if I were that little one, that's what I'd wonder.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,1/15/2009,65,111,5,7,7>It's been a while since I wrote a review, so it's about time for a comeback.As part of another crazy Vegas fun/food trip, a few of us got together and decided to try out Bradley Ogden, another of those Michelin starred restaurants and who I'm a decent fan of (in terms of restaurants). Through the success of the Lark Creek group, One Market and Parcel 104 in Santa Clara, his expansion into Vegas was not unexpected.On a comparison basis for the value, is it good? Yes. Is it transcendent? No.A bunch of us got the prix-fixe menu, set at $65. Others, decided to go a la carte which got to be much more expensive. But through the combinations, I was able to try out multiple things.Amuse Bouche - A slight sampler of asparagus puree, preserved artichoke, some sprouts. Interesting, and didn't taste half bad. There's been misses before with his amuses (i.e. Watermelon cilantro lemonade - ugh). Alaskan king crab salad (Prix-fixe) - Interesting to say the least. Do not take it apart - the signifcant bitterness and acidity added from the apple and celery root was not so good on its own. However, together with the king crab, added significant sweetness and context to the crab, and made it a better dish in general. However, most people are inclined to take it apart (crab first since it's the most "appetizing"), and hence, almost destroy the dish.Foie Gras Torchon ($22) - A bit on the salty side, with the foie more in pate form in a circular mold off on the side. Some interesting flavored foam on the plate, which did not add too much to the dish. The fig tart on the side however, was excellent, and added significant value to the dish.Sea Scallops ($44) - Decently seared, did not try much since it was not my dish. Though, the scallop was done excellently.Oak Grilled Rib-Eye (Prix-fixe) - If there is one thing to go here for, it is this dish. I remember having a similar rib-eye dish here with morel mushrooms on my first trip. Second trip here - it actually exceeded all expectations. A huge cut of rib-eye, done perfectly medium rare. Flavored excellently. Chard on the bottom added also some good contrast to the rich buttery pureed root vegetables. The rib-eye, simply put, was like tender bacon-flavored steak. I was just smiling afterwards, proclaiming - bacon.Cheese plate ($12) - was not as stellar as I had hoped. Boulud's Grand Tour de France in the Wynn just freaking dominates this one - though of course its 4x as expensive. Fig walnut bread was great though, and honeycomb added was excellent.Bread selection - OK at best. Blue cornbread muffins were good, but nowhere as stellar as Mesa's just across the casino. Sourdough was meh.Service was good as well. Not too intruding, but always there, and always willing to fill water, bread, and check on everything.4 stars - Again, not one of the top, but actually one of the more excellent restaurants available. Also, not a bad choice for fine dining, as it is one of the more "inexpensive", if you can really say that in Vegas, options for food. Deserving of that single Michelin star? Yes, I would say. But it's much closer to being unrated, than closer to two.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,1/14/2009,133,143,9,10,8>If I were God and I was faced with the task of writing Heaven's menu, I would draw a significant amount of my inspiration from the folks over at N9NE. Most restaurants, like most people, have an area of weakness. In my two visits to N9NE, I have yet to find theirs. Everything is good. The scallops are fantastic, the lobster mac and cheese is... well, lobster mac and cheese, the cocktail list is inventive, and, while you'll be hard pressed to find less than stellar service anywhere in Vegas, that at N9NE is a step above the rest. Food, service, cocktails, ambiance... N9NE is the complete 5 star package.The best of the best? The surf in turf is stacked (cited from the bottom up): mashed potatoes, a mouth watering filet, and de-shelled lobster, which is then topped with a truffle cream sauce. Yea.If I were to dare speak a bad word about N9NE, it would only be that as rich and heavy as the food here is it doesn't always make for the best "party till the sun comes up in my barely there Vegas-only attire" precursor. After dinner in both of my experiences I felt a lot more like going and trying out the plush hotel beds you pay an arm and a leg for and never use than I did raging. In an effort to keep the party going, I suggest a round of espresso cocktail shots for the table.Prices are steep. Luckily money and calories aren't an object in my heaven.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2009,1/12/2009,352,403,8,7,7>Located on Fremont street, 4 Queens is part of the older Las Vegas. My review of 4 Queens is based solely on their casino bar. Fremont street seems to have gotten a huge makeover, above the street there's a giant LCD/Plasma screen that covers the entire street. It's the first time I've seen it and it's pretty amazing at night. I was pleasantly surprised when I was told their well drinks were $3.25. It's funny how I consider that a bargain price these days coming from the bay area. The bar and casino were not that impressive, but we had an azn bartender that poured some stiff drinks and mixed up some deceptively savage cocktails for my friend Sarah. Our plan was to booze it here and walk down the street to Beauty Bar, and the Griffin to hang out but we ended our night here. Generally speaking I think it's a good plan, I'll have to try it next time I'm in Vegas.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2008,1/11/2009,1362,984,8,15,14>Since our little jaunt to San Diego, yakitori has been on our mind.  Seeing the sign for Shuseki for the first time, the menu fit right into what we were looking for.  Their menu offers along the similar lines of other izakayas and yakitori-type places.We tried a little of everything: (All their skewered stuff comes in an order of one.)* Takowasabi ($3.99) "raw octopus in wasabi dressing" - A slimy texture mixed in with the heat from the wasabi.  It was an interesting dish, although I can understand why others may not enjoy it.  Eaten in moderation with other food is necessary.* Torihatsu ($1.00) "chicken hearts" - I like the taste of crunchy-like texture of chicken hearts done yakitori-style.  Plus, it had a nice taste to it with a fresh squeeze of lemon and salt.* Gyutan ($2.50) "beef tongue" - Again, pretty tasty stuff.  Speckled with sesame seeds too.* Sunagimo ($1.00) "chicken gizzard" - I like the texture of chicken gizzard as well, although the Big F wasn't as impressed.  It reminded him more like liver this time, so he passed after the first piece.* Tontoro ($1.50) "pork" - Pork on skewers are just good, period.  When the fat hits the grill, it's just  brings out the flavors that only pork can provide.* Kurobuta Sausage ($1.50) - I was afraid this was going to taste like a hot dog, but it actually had a lot more flavor than a hot dog.  It was pretty good.* Yakitori Chicken ($1.50) - Nothing special about this, tasted like chicken with teriyaki sauce.  It was probably they least enjoyed out of all we ate.* Buta Kakuni ($4.99) "stewed pork belly" - Fatty chunks of pork belly stewed in a soy sauce concoction along with a hard-boiled egg.  You should probably order some white rice with this dish 'cuz of the strong taste.  (The Big F said my version at home was a lot better.)* Sashimi Salad ($7.99) - Their sashimi salad was a combo of raw seafood that included kani, ebi, maguro, tako, masago, seared albacore and saba on a bed of field greens, cucumbers and daikon.  The sauce they used was pretty good, although I could always do without the imitation crab meat.  There might have been some other fish in there as well.They have a bunch of other dishes that range from your basic sushi rolls to unique dishes (sea snails with kimchee sauce, bang bang chicken, simmered guts in miso) and ramen bowls (which we noticed other diners gorging on).  They have a lot of seating room, and a few tables in the back for sitting on pillows.Like other yelpers said, it's not a bad alternative to Ichiza.  They even sell Honey Toast for $6.50!  We definitely would like to go back and order a few other things off their menu.(Pics posted!)
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,1/10/2009,173,383,7,9,8>Pros: Taste of New York Sirloin (the Japanese Wagyu 2 oz. specifically), cool decor, really nice server named CarlosCons: None?I went here with Kristin C. for our 2 year anniversary dinner last week and I was definitely impressed. The decor was really nice in here.  It had a modern feel. The lights were dimmed which created a very relaxing and intimate setting. Perfect for a romantic dinner. We got a nice booth and a really attentive server named Carlos.Decor is nice and all, but we all know the food is really what matters.  After we ordered, another waiter came around with a platter of different breads. I got one wheat bread and one pretzel type bread. Apparently, the pretzel bread is their specialty. I could definitely see why. It was soft and delicious.For my main course, I ordered the "A Tasting of New York Sirloin" ($140). It comes with different types of New York sirloin:- Japanese Wagyu From Saga Prefecture 2 Oz- American "Kobe Style" From Snake River Farms 4 Oz- U.S.D.A. PRIME Dry Age From Nebraska 4 OzAll 3 steaks were really tasty. Definitely, some of the best steaks I've had in my life. However, the best out of the 3 was definitely the Japanese Wagyu. So freaking good. It was nice and tender. My steak knife cut through it like butter. I can see why they only give 2 oz. too. Two reasons: 1) its the pricest per ounce and 2) I think since it's sooo rich and tender, if you get too much, it might be too much of a good thing.We also got potato puree and mushrooms as sides and they were good too. But seriously, the steaks made my night.  Hanging out with Kristin C. was cool too I guess :)Overall, this place is great for special occasions. I might just have to go to CUT in LA just to get my Japanese Wagyu fix.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,1/9/2009,91,73,8,5,6>Before you go here make sure you call for their business hours!  I think they open at 4pm or 5pm?  I'd suggest getting there when they open because I've heard they get very packed!!!My boyfriend had the all-you-can-eat sushi.  I had the chicken teriyaki (as I do not eat anything that lives in the water except seaweed).  My meal came with soup and a small salad.  The soup was pretty tasty!  And the small salad was very basic but had a delicious dressing atop of it.  My entree was very good and lean (I hate fatty meats)!  I liked how they cut my chicken in small bite-sized pieces, making it easier to eat with chop sticks.  Their fried rice was the bomb!!!!!!  It had a very nice grill flavor to it!!!!My boyfriend liked 99% of his sushi as well.  We sat at the sushi bar where some other people were suggesting new dishes for him to try.  Some of the dishes were the Super White Tuna and the Volcano Roll--he loved them!!!!!!!!  He told me all of his rolls tasted fresh and had fresh ingredients.  Note to self:  If you sit at the sushi bar, you may purchase some sake or Japanese beer and share it with your sushi chefs, who appreciate this kind gesture.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/28/2008,1/7/2009,114,255,10,8,9>vegas makes me do crazzzzzy things..like driving to vegas at 3:00pm on a school night with a girlfriendlike over stuffing myself with five plates of food at the buffetlike meeting some random girls in a bathroom and ending up on a vip list to taolike unconsciously finding myself seated in a restaurant filled with bright funky (bright neon pink) colors, plastic-covered booths, tacky lights and beads at 4:30 amlike ordering myself a peppermill omelet with turkey breat, cheese, and hollandaise sauce at 4:30am and clearing the plate with no shamelike leaving vegas at 5am to head home just in time for workthis place is a tacky but friendly old-vegas 24hr eatery open to in-town and out-of-town drunkards, hookers, and vegas goers.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,1/6/2009,212,263,4,7,9>Magnifique! Las Vegas has some fine restaurants and this is definitely one of the BEST we've been to. We secured bar seats which overlooked the open kitchen. The decor is elegant, modern and very chic with strong hints of black and reds. The service was impeccable. They really have it together here. Here is the rundown of our amazing meal: L'AMUSE-BOUCHE Foie gras parfait with port wine and parmesan foam *First time foie gras-er and WOW! so good! LES LEGUMES Mediterranean vegetables layered with buffalo mozzarella *Beautiful dish. the flavors of the veggies and the mozzarella meshed so well together. very very good. LA SAINT-JACQUES Scallop cooked with seaweed butter, curried cauliflower L'ONGLET French-style hanger steak with fried shallots with Pommes Purée. *WOW. melt in your mouth steak. one of the most tender cuts I have ever had. LES TARTES de tradition Traditional tarts Every course was cooked perfectly. This place is the BEST. Hands down. You totally get what you pay for and it is so worth spending the dough you need here. I recommend making a night of this. Do not plan on catching a show afterwards. You don't want to rush through this experience. Give yourself at least 2-3 hours here to truly enjoy this dining experience. You won't regret it. We will definitely return.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/21/2008,1/5/2009,68,495,6,8,8>On a trip a few months back, several taxi drivers, independent of each other, all answered, "The Planet Hollywood buffet" when we asked them what they thought the best buffet in Vegas was.  Sadly, on that trip, we only went to the Bellagio's.  I fixed that on this trip out.We went for a late lunch on Sunday and found that no matter what time you go to a buffet, they are always hoppin with business.  For about $27, you will be given countless options for food.  I had some of the steamed shrimp, a couple of things from the Asian station (surprised to see some dumplings there and even more surprised that they were pretty good), a couple of things from the carving station (BBQ beef was moist and not dried out, the prime rib had a wonderfully spiced edge), and a few things from the Middle Eastern station (some hummus, eggplant, and tabbouleh).  Everything I tried was good, and I was careful to grab only a spoonful.Dessert was simple:  a helping of some damn good bread pudding with a shot of vanilla soft serve ice cream on top.  Niiiiice.There's a lot of food choices here; bring a cot or sleeping bag if you can.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,1/4/2009,161,122,8,7,7>Here is the thing: I live in Austin Texas. You know what the best Chinese restaurant in Austin Texas is called? PF MFing Chang. Yeah... exactly. Therefore, when I leave Austin Texas I'm on a mission for Chinese food. Not beef and broccoli but REAL Chinese food. Therefore, when my buddy asked where I wanted to go my only answer was an authentic Chinese restaurant and KJ Kitchen was PERFECT. We ordered 4 items because...well.. I didn't know the next time I would be able to eat authentic Chinese food and quite frankly, I CAN put away enough food for 2 1/2 people. I'm not skeered. We ordered fried sea bass which was served with a dipping sauce that was not the slightest bit greasy and incredibly tasty. We also ordered sauteed Chinese broccoli which was as good as one would expect. I don't think you can really have spectacular Chinese broccoli. Whatever. Also we had a noodle dish and the steamed chicken both of which were VERY good. The service was very prompt and courteous and I never felt rushed. The owner also came over to say hello which was a nice touch. The atmosphere was as to be expected in an authentic Chinese restaurant: lobster tank, the usual art, nothing spectacular.. overall nice.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,1/3/2009,576,494,8,8,8>The servers here are possibly too attentive, or maybe it was just the one we had. Noticed all of the hosts and servers were Mexican, nice touch.  Almost felt like I was at a mega resort in Cancun, only in Mexico they'd be dressed more conservatively and would be less chatty.  The food was good and like everything else in  LV presentation is a must even at your run of the mill dinner or pho place.  Isla is no exception.  Even the chips and salsa are a gargantuan, overly salty ( in a good way) three tiered appetizer in and of itself. Margaritas are margaritas and somehow when I am at a place like this I forget the fact that I dont even like them, maybe it's the festive glass, I dont know. This review may be seen as negative. However, this place is good for fancyish Mexican.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2008,1/2/2009,645,409,7,8,7>I finally made it here this time!  It was sooooooo FUNNNNNNNNNNN.  There are so many cool pinball machines.  And they even have Gauntlet, my all time favorite.  Well, the only game I really knew how to play and my fiance and I used to play it when we were dating.  :)  We forgot our camera, so my fiance kept taking picture after picture with his cell phone.  There are at least 7 Star Wars, Southpark, Simpsons, Austin Powers, Star Trek, Indiana Jones, Pong, Pacman, and so on.  Just too many to name.   If you like pinball machines, you've got to come here.  This is not a pinball machine museum.  This is pinball machine heaven!!!
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,1/1/2009,66,10,5,7,8>Wow, just wow.  We've been living in Vegas for years now, and to have a place this good that's not attached to some casino (and hence overpriced or blown out of proportion) is just fantastic.The place is small and intimate.  It can only hold about 30 people at the most, but any wait you have to deal with is worth it for the food.  The wait staff themselves were very nice, friendly, and knowledgeable on the dishes.One of the standouts was the Tofu Special ($9).  I am a dyed-in-the-wool carnivore, but that's a dish that I could easily eat several times a week and not miss a burger.  It's homemade Tofu, fried a bit, then served in a fantastic broth with a smattering of hot sauce on the bowl's rim for you to use with each bite.  You'll want to drink up the broth it's so tasty!Other standouts (although everything was good) were the Kobe skewer, the spicy peppers, the hot chicken appetizer (chicken in crispy chicken skin), and the asparagus wrapped in bacon.  For desert, they had a strawberry sorbet that's not listed on the menu, which was also excellent.We got there right around opening (6 PM) and it was already half full.  What another reviewer said is true -- people take their time in here, so make a reservation if you're over a party of two!My wife and I decided that if we just wanted an amazing desert, we'd hit Ichiza for the Honey Toast.  However. for anything else, Raku is where it's at!
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,12/31/2008,1564,634,7,9,9>After checking Google for the  best breakfast in Las Vegas I found this place-Jamm's listed as one them I had not yet visited.I checked out the reviews on Yelp (it had 4 stars on 8 reviews) & Urbanspoon* their menu on the website looked good an was very cheap. So we loaded up and headed out nice and early to beat  the before & after church crowd you sometimes find in a breakfast spot. Surprisingly the place had no wait but was very busy. It's a small diner with a 5-seat counter and very open floor plan with boothes along the walls. Very small-town mid-western.We were seated immediately in a very large booth which is nice so there's plenty of elbow room, we have a lefty.We ordered drinks right away-cofffee & water and then the waitress took our orders, she was very pleasant and efficient. We did notice right away that the menu prices were about 25% higher than stated on the website, kinda disappointing, BUT anyways, I ordered the Big Breakfast which was 1/2 ham steaK, 2 bacon,2 sausage links and 2 eggs plus 2 pancakes, my son got a full order of 2 biscuits & gravy and my wife ordered 2 eggs with country fries. The food came out timely and looked delicious. All well cooked-the meat slighty crisp and the egg cooked perfectly OVER-MEdium, something you find rarely done right.The biscuits were huge and the gravy was good but very little pepper and very little sausage. The bacon was crispy and the sausage had snap. The pancakes were a little dry and the whipped butter was like pure oil. The country fries were cooked well done with lots of onions & peppers. The coffee was a little weak but then again we like it strong so maybe its just right for most people. The service was great for us but in the table next to us it was exact opposite. A couple with 2 kids was ordering and they were told there was no avocado so they couldn't get what they wanted, then they got the wrong stuff when their food came out, they were loudly voicing their displeasure. The place is a little drafty and there is no TV to watch the football game,ETC but they do have the newspaper & Sunday comics plus the food is great & the service is TITS!! I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good regular breakfast spot.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/27/2008,12/30/2008,237,131,12,14,14>bouchon is located on the 10th floor of the venetian hotel.  it felt like i was whisked away to a secret place for dinner.    so what did i eat?-the CAULIFLOWER PUREE SOUP was fabulous!  the dollop of creme fraiche and truffle oil gave it a nice touch.-the SALADE BETERAVE was ordinary.  i've had betta.  -the ESCARGOT was extremely oily and bland, truly forgettable.-the ROASTED LEG OF LAMB w/ flageolet beans and thyme jus was okay.  the beans killed the dish for me, the beans were not cooked through and the flavor just didn't mesh.  it would have been better with french green beans or carrots.we skipped dessert b/c we thought there would be a bigger selection at bouchon bakery.  it was surprisingly not located anywhere near the restaurant and was closed by the time we got there   :(i really wanted to like this place, but everything went down hill after the soup.  and can you believe it?  with all that i ate, i was still not full!  hm....maybe i'm just an oinker!!!!i honestly don't know what the hype is all about, seriously.  3 out of the 4 dishes i ordered were mediocre.  our main waiter spoke in such a low tone of voice, it's almost like he was whispering sweet nothings to us.  um, please save it for when you make out with your girlfriend.  or boyfriend.  i prefer to eat my meal without thinking anything sexual, well, at least not with the waiter.  i could barely understand what the specials were and had to refer to the special menu board.  i felt like i was deaf everytime he came around during the entire 3-hour dinner.  huh?  could you repeat?  i gave up on asking him to repeat after the second time....total utter disappointment with bouchon, but i'm a "give people the benefit of the doubt" kinda girl so....i would give it a second shot to satisfy my friendly taste buds and maybe another star   :)
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2008,12/28/2008,28,104,3,3,3>Randomly came here for dinner after watching "Mamma Mia!" with my bf a few weekends ago... and OH BOY, what a great decision it was for us to come here!  Despite it being the weekend, it wasn't that busy (I'm guessing this crappy economy has something to do with it) so we were quickly seated.  Instead of your normal bread & butter, Stripsteak gives you a sampler of 3 different types of french fries (paprika, regular, garlic) and 3 dipping sauces for you to munch on.  They get an extra star for originality!  I tried their cucumber martini... which was refreshing at first but started to taste too cucumber-y towards the end.  But once again, extra star for being innovative and atypical.I'm not a big meat person so I ordered their alaskan halibut.  Nothing fancy - just grilled with some herbs/spices on top.  But it was still very juicy and not overcooked AT ALL.My boyfriend ordered some steak special they had ... I forgot the name but I had a bite and it was tender and JUICY!!! For sides, we ordered their truffled mac & cheese and asparagus.  Once again, excellent.Great ambience, great service, great food... only downside is the prices... but then again, it is suppose to be fine dining so no negative points in that aspect.Probably the best steak house in Vegas that I have tried thus far... I highly recommend it!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/27/2008,136,230,7,8,8>Aside from the typical L&L's around just about every corner, whenever we go to Vegas, we usually go to the restaurant inside CALIFORNIA in downtown.  Don't get me wrong, that place is great - great food at great prices, but to me, this place has just a touch more.By having the combination of the Hawaiian, Japanese, and Filipino food - this place has won me over! I've only had the pleasure of going once, but I'll definitely be going back! Since I did my yelp homework before coming, I decided to get the adobo fried rice omelet.  Aside from the fact that I LOVE adobo, I wanted to try this because of ALL the other hawaiian eateries, NO ONE has this on their menu.  The plate cost something around $6ish and you definitely get your money's worth.  The omelet was HUGE! No matter how hard I tried, I could not finish the food - but trust me, I wanted to.  But again, I'm simple - I LOVE adobo - so this place had me!! It's basically adobo fried rice stuffed inside an egg omelet. Simple, yet perfect.We also had an order of their lumpia which comes with about 6 pieces for $2.99.  The rest of my family had other "traditional" filipino dishes like spam and eggs with rice, portugese sausage with egg and rice (not so filipino), and tapsilog! But really, their menu isn't just breakfast foods - there was an array of soups, chicken, korean bbq, ... really, just about anything!After ordering your food at the counter, you merely take a seat anywhere in the restaurant and wait for the server to bring your food to you.  I wouldn't necessarily expect all star service, but it's definitely not bad service... this definitely is a step up from fast food, trust me!Would I come here again?? Of course! I can't wait until someone decides to open one up near me!!
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/26/2008,187,255,6,7,6>For a 24 hour cafe in a hotel, this restaurant is not bad at all!  Here's a quick list of the Pros and Cons of this restaurant....PROS: The food! The swiss cheese and chicken sandwich is excellent! Very tender chicken, with a pesto mayo spread and all the fixings.  Also served with huge pickle and very good friesPaying the cashier up front; you don't have to wait for your server to keep coming back to you for the bill and then back with your change or cc.  Huge seating area, this is a must especially in a big casino like the ExcaliburFriendly servers and cashiers.  CONS: Nice, but SLOW service.  The line to get into the cafe especially during peak times can stretch out into the casino floor. You don't really know who your server is, one person comes to take your drink order, the other takes your food order, one person delivers it, etc.  But as long as you get everything you need, I guess it doesn't matter huh?  Definitely a fan, especially for the chicken sandwich!
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2008,12/25/2008,184,165,2,2,2>This place is good.  Good food.  Good service.  Good prices.  Good wine.  The only thing that is really great is the portion size.  You can easily share a meal.  The cheesecake factory owns this place and it runs about the same.We got a side salad (as opposed to the meal salad) and it was huge too.  One side salad and one main course = dinner for two easy.Only complaint was that when we asked if pasta was made fresh on premises we got an evasive answer.  He should have just said no, it was not made fresh on premises.  He said it was all made "for them" and some other language that appeased us at the time, but disappointed us a bit when the food came and the pasta was obviously not fresh.  I know, we were dreaming to think we could get fresh pasta made that day for that price, but we were in Vegas, where my sister eloped and dreams come true, right?  On the upside, the pasta was not over-cooked and limp.All in all a solid meal and I would go back, especially if I were trying to get decent food at a decent price on the strip.  This is almost as low a price as a place like Nathan's Famous hot dogs, especially if you share a main course, which the portion sizes will definitely let you do, but here you get to sit down and eat a nice meal.  For us especially nice, because my new brother-in-law bought us dinner.   Thanks Paul!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2008,12/24/2008,1152,1124,8,9,9>Before I write my review I just wanted to say, this is more of a *CANTONESE* restaurant than Vietnamese.My family and I always eat here at least once when we visit Vegas.  I don't really comprehend why we do, we just do.  Actually, here or some other Asian restaurant in "Chinatown" - but as of late, mostly here.  Last visit, we arrived at 8:00 pm driving from Grand Canyon, so we were all beat.  Surprisingly, the restaurant was packed so we waited approximately 10 minutes.I found it strange that they have a "smoking section" of the restaurant, but that area isn't blocked off.  Wide variety of selections on the menu.  I think the only Vietnamese food they serve are pho and the dessert.  Everything else is pretty much from the Chinese/Cantonese culture, which is why I don't understand why their restaurant name is in Vietnamese.  Oh well.Stuff is average - pretty good at times.  Not the best pho I've ever tasted, but will suffice during a late night craving of Vietnamese food.  I don't think I've ever had a bad experience here.  Oh, and one of the waiters is pretty cute :)
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/23/2008,410,802,2,4,2>I'd like whoever designed the sportsbook for Palazzo to do that for my living room.  I could seriously just sit there all day and waste my day away.  The place has the ultimate sports lounge setting.  I was just here this past weekned watching the Alabama and Florida St SEC game.  The comfy seats made me almost fall asleep.  TVs everywhere, nice color lights that make the room seem like a regular lounge.  Bars everywhere.  The only complaint I would have is the slow service, but that can be understandable.  I think it took like 30 mins before my boy and I got our food.  We had two things here for lunch while we were watching the game.  - Bar Nachos - was more than enough for two people.  They certainly know how to load it up with meat, cheese and guac/sour cream.  It may be too much for two people, but 3+ should finish it nicely- Turkey Cobb Wrap - was a little bit dry, but flavor was good and the dressing or sauce that was in side.  The turkey was like the butterball type, but I don't know why it was so dry.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/8/2008,12/22/2008,15,32,4,4,4>My first In-n-Out experience.  Was around midnight this past Saturday.  Drive-thru was pretty busy so I was very excited anticipating my de-virginization (is that a word?)!!  Anyway, since I had done my Yelp research I knew what I wanted to order:  Cheeseburger, Animal-style Fries and Dr. Pepper.  When I arrived at order box, the male voice asked me if I wanted ketchup or extra "spread"....Well, honestly, I cannot understand why its "all that"!  Perhaps if its something you grew up eating, you connect the food to a memory?  And since I didn't grow up eating In-N-Out...no connection for me.  (Kinda how I feel about certain 80's bands - they may not be the best musically but I connect them to a time or place and it makes them better - at least in my own mind.)  Anyway - sorry for diverting here to music from food.  I mean, it was edible and not greasy but, well, not spectacular food.  the pickles on burger were pretty good.  The animal fries were ok, not like anything I'd had...have never put thousand island dressing on french fries before.  However, adding that to cheese and pan-fried/browned onions wasn't too bad.  I can see stopping for the animal fries again, after a few drinks....
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/21/2008,33,144,3,3,3>A MUST GO!This place is two stories but small. It captures the irish feel with the wooden interior well. There are two bars and normally the bottom bar is the busiest. At night there is great irish band. And occasionally there is a dancer or two. The second floor is what  i recommed if you want to get away from some of the crazyness. The booths are private and the outside area is often over looked.Normally that's where i head to grab some drinks then i go downstairs to cause mischief!I've never eaten there. Because. really. I came to drink and listen to dam good brooding music!
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/20/2008,77,82,2,2,2>Interesting mix of cuisine (Japanese, Peruvian, and Brazilian). Sounds like a potentialy disgusting combo, but it actually works very well. Try their signature sushi rolls. They're extremely good. They also have more Sake than Japan it seems. About a 6 page menu to select from. They also have amazing muddled fruit cocktails. Now, the negatives. As sushi goes, and tapas for that matter, it's slightly pricey. I know it's Vegas, but some things such as sushi just can't go higher than a certain price. The second thing is the fact they have an amazing modern space, but then have a giant screen tv playing football. Why dumb down a hip place. Oh well.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,12/19/2008,221,407,4,6,3>Top 10 things everyone needs to know about the Hofbrauhaus: 1. This is a German beer garden.2. This place will be loud. Very loud. (There is a quieter section which you can ask for, but why?) 3. The dining room is made up of huge tables, which means that unless you have about 8 in your party you will be sharing a table. 4. You will be encouraged to drink. 5. The food is mediocre. 6. The beer is outstanding (and I don't like lagers much!) , and the only size it's served in is liter (don't order one of those smaller sizes).7. You may get paddled (sometimes to the point where your arse is black and blue the next morning).8. You will need to stand on your table and participate in the singalongs. 9. Apple schnapps goes down very easy and has little alcohol.10. You go here to have a raucous good time.The only real downer is the service can be a tad slow, but only once (out of the 10 or so times I've been here) has it been overly bad.(Closed circuit to the 45 people who said there was "No Alcohol" - Which Hofbrauhaus in a parallel universe were you going to?)
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2008,12/18/2008,508,259,9,5,4>Dear Tommy'sThank you for moving nearby. Although I am still waiting for Pink's Hot Dogs and Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles I appreciate you coming. It's been a while since I had you. I had you tonight. In my mouth. You felt amazing with your doublecheeseburgerness and chili and onions going down my throat. I felt your fries crispy and soft inside dipped in chili goodness. WHAT FREAKIN TOOK YOU SO LONG? DO YOU REALIZE I WORKED OUT TODAY AND YOU HAD TO BE HERE! ARGH! But thank you again for bringing your heavenly chili to my ass. I really really do like you. I miss your taste in my oral orafice. Thank you for coming back. I will see you again soon. Yes...real soon...With all my heart, MykePS. What's up with your parking lot? Did white people design it? Its so confusing.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,12/16/2008,604,207,10,9,10>NEVER in my life I spent hours in a buffet.... NEVER... Up until I came to the Rio Carnival World Buffet... When they say, Carnival WORLD Buffet, they mean it.. This buffet offers more than I could chew. For $15, the WORLD is your oyster. This place is pretty big and offers sooo many selections. I think I ate every single thing here... I was so happy to find out also that they were still serving brunch up until 3:00PM, cause I was craving some scrambled eggs.. MMMmMmM The gelato was just excellent! I'm NOT a desert guy for the most part but damn, I couldn't help it, I just had to taste it.. The chocolate and the mint gelato was again, excellent! After spending about 2 Hours ... Yes, 2 hours here I was in heaven, mouth orgasm heaven..... My friend's and I never felt so full and satisfied in our lives. You will not leave this place disappointed..... OH, by the way... you get free champagne... The details are on your receipt, but of course they don't tell you that. All you have to do is request champagne and they will bring it to you... Trust me, my friend drank about 6 glasses...That moment I could definitely afford to forget... It was not a pretty sight (Drunk guy + 6 glasses of champagne + ate a crap load = looks like a homeless guy talking gibberish)
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,12/15/2008,615,1175,11,10,9>THIS PLACE HAS A BACK TO THE FUTURE THEMED SLOT MACHINE!!!!THREE OF THEM, IN FACT!I don't know about the rest of the place...I came here specifically for the BTTF slot machines.  I played them...then I left.  Seemed like a great joint to me!"If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour... you're gonna see some serious shit."
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2008,12/14/2008,58,28,3,6,4>So we're in Vegas for a Bachelor party.  Most of us except the bachelor have been there a few times. He's kind of a punk rock kinda guy. So where do you go? Luckily we knew someone from the city that knew exactly where we should be the Double Down Saloon.When you walk in, it grabs your ass in an uncomfortable manner, then punches you in the face like a semi-truck versus a bicycle. You know that you've walked into the king ding-a-ling of dive bars.The people are all really cool and sociable. The walls are all covered with illustrations though you can miss a lot due to the low light situation. There are a couple TVs playing a mixed of old horror movies trailers, wacky porn and randomness. When we went there was a band called Uberschall that did improvisational, kinda drone rock with tons of percussion (3 drummers). Turns out they consisted of members of Blue Man Group, Zumanity, Criss Angel's Cirque show and a guy from a Prince tribute band. Bad ass talent for free. Plus you can get trashed... which we did.Now the big thing everyone talks about is the Bacon Martini. I wasn't really a fan of it nor were any of my friends, but at least we gave it a try. They also have a drink called Ass Juice; cheap and really tasty, almost a fruit punch that's been spiked with mystery-hol.I can't wait to get back there next time we fly out. If you're looking for something low key that's not your average glitz and glamor Vegas, this place rocks.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2008,12/13/2008,49,104,12,9,9>Dear Wynn: I love you. You are luxury all the way! You did not disappoint me in any way and this is so very rare...so very, very rare. You are beautiful, breathtaking even. Your pool is so stunning is makes my eyes water. My room was gorgeous and I didn't find it to be small at all (as some people have commented). Though I did have a panoramic so maybe the standard rooms are smaller. The bathroom is stunning, STUNNING, the view...amazing, the beds...a dream. Now for what I think is your finest feature...your service. It is IMPECABLE...flawless. Your staff is so well trained, so professional, so effective...my every need was catered to and anticipated. I am speaking of everyone from the maid to the pool attendant to the waitress to the door guy to the girl who checked me in to the random attendants all over the resort, etc. etc! Plus you are very good about treating your guests like VIPs in comparison to visitors to the hotel. It made me feel special inside and reassured me that $ can buy anything. Wynn, I never even left you during my entire stay in Vegas. There was no need to. You have clubs, the finest restaurants, the best spa (the best freaking pedicure I've ever had and I'm a nazi about them too!), the most beautiful casino...etc, etc.! My trip was both relaxing AND fun (lots of fun). I love you, I will see you again in March. Sincerely, Crystal - Your most loyal guest (until they build something that outshines you)
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,12/12/2008,53,107,4,5,3>My stay at The Palazzo was absolutely wonderful! I have no complaints about this place...none at all. Their service was prompt, courteous, and helpful. Housekeeping kept our suites nice and tidy even though we made a mess out of them. We had 7 people in one suite and 6 people in another...yet, it never felt cramped in any of the suites. That's good news for all you claustrophobics!Their suites aren't the only things that are big and spacious there. Their casino has wide walkways and feels very open due to the high ceilings. Their pool area is a great place to chill, get a couple of drinks, and soak up the sun. One little warning about the pool area: The Palazzo itself likes to block out the sun up until the late morning. Silly Palazzo, you should know better! So it's best to go to the pool area early in the afternoon when the sun comes out from hiding.One other little warning: There's always a security guard near the guest room elevators that checks for your key card. But don't fret, my friends. If you have a big group with you (like I did), you just need to flash one or two key cards and they'll let everyone through. They're pretty cool about it.I would love to stay here again during another Vegas trip...and I probably will!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,12/11/2008,1220,963,14,27,18>day 15  of my nation wide tourits probably the most famous and best jiu jitsu academy in vegas as far as a lot of insiders are concerned. you got so many good guys on the mat all the time. and you got laimon there running a lot of the classes.it has a family vibe there. laimon's got a little army. they teach mma, boxing, muay thai, fitness, and of course my favorite, bjj.laimon is like a scientist and i got a chance to take simpson's class too. he is super technical as hell and all his guys are tough. i'm getting used to this, getting my ass beat up at every academy thing. i am worn out from hours of driving, eating crap, no sleep, and training all day.but wish i could do this for the rest of my life. seriously. in to the wild i go!
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,12/10/2008,80,388,,4,4>I know that it is an older casino but I like older casinos. I have stayed here about three times now. I recommend that you avoid the inclinator. I was standing in front of that thing for like thirty minutes. They have a separate section with a different elevator that is much faster. However, there are prostitutes in the casino now. They look just like normal guests and are dressed very conservatively. It can get confusing. Hell it is vegas right......I like this casino better than a lot of the other ones. It is very comfortable and the rooms are priced well. NOTE: Still think casinos are a rip-off.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,12/9/2008,14,46,5,5,7>This place rocks! I was driving around hunkering for some good Mexican food when I saw their sign and decided to pull in and check it out. The inside was pristine clean with a great bar, video gaming, and plenty of TV screens to watch your favorite sporting event too. The staff were super friendly.I had just worked out so was both parched and hungry. They rushed out a chips and a plate of salsa and re-fried beans while I reviewed the menu. I ordered up an ice cold Negro Modelo and the  Ceviche de tostada de Talpia...it was a meal in itself! The fish so was so fresh and delicious. Then I tried the chicken breast sauteed with tomatoes, onions and Chipoltle peppers - it was some good frikin chicken!!! The plate also came with rice, tortillas, guacamole. I was absolutely stuffed. The bill was very reasonable. The only down side...besides one other table - I was the only one there. They have just opened a month ago and really need to advertise. This is too good a place to close due to no business. Spread the word people! This place is a keeper!!!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,12/8/2008,7,144,3,4,3>This is, hands down, one of the best steak houses there is. Period. It's located at the Renaissance on Paradise which is a little ways off of the strip but right next to the convention center monorail station. The decor is nice, its dim and quite trendy as the name ENVY should imply. I've dined here on two occasions, once with myself and once with a friend and of course I went for the surf and turf both times. Whats great is the fact that they give you the option to mix and match what cut of steak you want and what type of seafood you want. I'm unfortunately a square and went with the rib-eye and seared scallops both times. My steak was ordered medium-rare and came out just the way I like it. The scallops were cooked brilliantly and were topped with a fantastic pesto sauce. All steaks here are served with three different salts that you can add at will. There was a sea salt, a garlic salt, and some Hawaiian salt that was amazing. They tell you to use it sparingly as a little salt goes a long way. I showered in that shit. I ordered a pinot noir with my entree which was great and then a room temp white sambuca for dessert. After each meal I was filled to the brim with food and wine and was feeling quite good about myself. It's a shame that this place is off the strip and at a hotel where there is no gaming. Still, it has become a staple of my Las Vegas trips. I can't recommend it enough.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,12/7/2008,430,319,14,13,13>He's so country he thinks a 7 course meal is a possum and a 6 pack.The last time I trotted into Vegas, I was thinking, it's mighty Chilly out, awww, it's a good time for some Chili, I seriously thought that, ya'll. I wants to play ware the oil tycoons stay. The Wynn.  Gawd, the chili at the Wynn Cafe gets me all giddy yuppin from the start, I starts tawking with a lone star drawl, imaginin' if I were in Texas, this is what great stankin' chili might be like. Not crumbled burrger meat but real chunks of texas beef with all the right spice. This tender steak chili comes with onions, shredded cheese and creamy sour cream, yee haw, I'm a strike the iron while it's hot and go shoot me some dice.  Boy, she's got short arms and deep pockets. Excuse me, I jus' fawded.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,12/6/2008,209,518,4,4,4>I'm no bartender but let me tell you...I can make a damn good Mai Tai. In all my Mai Tai drinking/making years I have never met anyone that can make one as good as mine...until now. The bartender...and I wish I would have gotten his name made my drink right there in front of me. No mixes. No measuring. Just boom, boom, boom and bingo...there was my drink. I take a sip not expecting too much but to my utter surprise It was so friggin good it was like Mai Tai gods smiling down upon me. The Mojito my husband ordered was also very good and also probably better than I have ever had in Chicago with the exception of La Fonda. The nachos....yep, had to order something to soak up the alcohol were tasty but just a tad bit on the burnt side. I could care less about my burnt nachos tho because I think I met my Mai Tai making soul mate. Sigh.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/4/2008,96,129,5,8,7>If you go to Craftsteak there's really only one dish to focus on:  Braised Short Ribs.Quick story:  I used to live/work in Las Vegas for MGM Mirage.  This is the parent company that owns lots of hotels, including the MGM Grand.  When I first started, I met with the VP of Food and Beverage at MGM Grand and as we walked the hotel to discuss the restaurants, he told me "Todd... if you want a steak, don't go to Craftsteak.  The steak is good, but it's actually better at SeaBlue.  You go to Craftsteak for the Braised Short Ribs."My Yelp friends, this dish is the F'n bomb!  You will literally die right there in your chair at the MGM Grand.  The short ribs are braised for hours until they are so tender you can barely get them out of the copper pot they are delivered in.  The juice/sauce is heavenly as well.  The steaks are great too.  I think the VP undersold them.  Great ribeye, filet and many other cuts too.If you have the budget, I highly recommend the Chef's Tasting Menu.  Just ask them to swap one of the lesser steaks for the short ribs.  Or even better, get your meat on and order the short ribs in addition to whatever comes with the tasting menu.  The appetizers, sides and dessert are phenomenal as well.  One of my favorite places to go for steak.Service is impeccable, the wine selection is outstanding.  The only negative part is the cost.  Being inside a major Vegas casino makes this an expensive place to eat!  But I find it well worth it.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,12/2/2008,90,68,24,11,10>It's 3am. You're crunked on space wine. It's 3 am. You can't sleep. It's 3 am. Your roommate is hosting a drum circle on the verge of infiltrating hyperspace. It's 3 am. All you want is a paraffin treatment and a mani/pedi. I always find myself in such predicaments and thus, I always find myself at Get Nailed. Catering to jet setting prostitutes and nocturnal strippers, Get Nailed offers hair cuts, hair color, manicures, and spa pedicures 24 hrs/day. The prices are reasonable ($50 for a mani/pedi, $50 for a haircut). The inertia of the graveyard shift was weighing on my manicurist last week- a basic mani/pedi took her over an hour. I didn't care, I had a whore convention the next day. This review is awesome. Girls be so thirsty thirstyFast forward to the end of my songAnd say third verse me verse meWhenever I hit block I seeTricks try to rehearse me hearse me From manicure sets to silky weavesThey be so grimey, nasty, bogusGermy, dirtyUh ohShol didYou ain't slickNaw, let the pioneer blast my shitWait a minute Hold upBubble letters on my butt say "Fresh"Oops I'm a goNails like whoa Acrylic baseTop all goldColors on my nailsTo the paint on my toesStay fresh I'm accustomed to gold
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2008,12/1/2008,71,149,3,7,6>Located on the corner of Torrey Pines and Sahara is probably one of the best Thai restaurants in Las Vegas.  The name Prommares is after the Hindu god Praprom the deity of fortune and good luck.I love coming here for lunch because they have great lunch specials.  It's just the basic Thai dishes, but everything here is always fresh and authentic.  I always get the Pad See-Eew ( I think that's the one w/ the Chinese broccoli and the flat pan fried noodles) It's always perfect and so is the Tom Kai soup.I like that its a small family owned restaurant w/ a small and intimate setting.  It's never really crowded and the service is fast and friendly.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,11/30/2008,269,190,6,9,6>I took my relatives here yesterday afternoon after they had been out since 10am at other shopping places, including the Forum shops, Miracle Mile, Town Center, and the other premium outlets at Grand Central Parkway. Wow, just reading that last sentence tires me severely, a very blatant example of mall-name-drop histrionics. But yes, a little backgrounder. Whenever my kin come in, it's like a plague of consumer locusts descending upon Lake Commodity. The males stay in the casino while the females conquer...I once called my auntie Jess "Jesus." When she asked me why, I said it's because Uncle always has to throw dice for your clothes. She laughed and caught herself just in time to tell me that I was destined to be a stand-up comedian. In Hell, where people ball up their feces and have impeccable aim.Anyways, Nuestra Familia had the Shopping offensive playbook synced on their blackberries and iphones, and I was but the hapless driver. As always, conversation turned to how quickly Vegas was developing and the increasing traffic. Being that I'm from SoCal and they NY, I had to do the smile-and-nod routine. The 405 isn't a freeway: it's "parking in groups", right? When we get there after showing off my quick-n-nimble construction-navigation skillz, I asked what more could you possibly find here, there's already too much junk in my trunk? Who else could you possibly buy a "Vegas = Tranny? I'd hit it!" shirt for? But they were Determined.  I hung out on the benches across from the nondescript food court, texting and checking email while feeling bad for the kids trying to make the mechanical ducks and old-skool coin-op rides actually work. An hour passes by, then another. I'm starting to get hungry. Wtf? Where are they? Is it really THAT interesting? Then my nephew pops out of the Famous Footwear store with two boxes of fresh kicks and the biggest smile on his face. He calls my aunts and cousins, and they meet up with us next to a kiosk (I made eye contact!!!! Noooooo!!!!) vendor. Everyone's happy. When everyone's happy, I'm happy. Oh yeah, I scored insoles. How Exciting, oh my gawd!Hence the four stars.Let's just please not do this again for another year, k?
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,11/29/2008,32,48,9,,2>The mouthfeel of the American Classic is like going down on a burger-flavored vagina. Do not succumb to the temptation to switch in a fancier cheese- the melted American cheese, in all of its processed glory, is what makes the burger. Soft grilled onions, gooey cheese, perfectly cooked black angus beef (medium rare or less for the right texture)... it's a gooey beefy ambrosia. I'm having a flashback just writing this review.Yes, it's great that you can make all sorts of wacky burger combos, but stick to the classic here people. It will transport you to new levels of beefy bliss, like Bear weekend in Provincetown or the first cook-out of the summer.It's a bit of a hike from the casino in the Mandalay (it's tucked away back in the shopping area) but it's worth the walk.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,11/28/2008,281,205,9,9,9>Women, don't lie to the men and tell them any different. Bigger is better, and I'm not even going to front about it now. Bigger sandwiches, bigger latkes, huge plates of french fries. When I go to Carnegie I can consume my weekly caloric intake in thirty minutes with no problem. They need to make longer toothpicks for the massive amount of meat stuffed into their mile high sandwiches. A classic New York establishment, right around the corner from Carnegie Hall is where I first found this restaurant, and I was delighted to know that I could escape (especially if I had already drank a lot and squinted my eyes) back to New York where I feel so at home. The service is good, and they bring me all sorts of things not on the menu that I sneak from the nearby California Pizza Kitchen nestled inbetween Carnegie and the Sports Bar at the Mirage. A little BBQ sauce and ranch on my huge plate of fries. Three deeply fried and crispy latkes soaking in apple sauce and sour cream. They're super busy after LOVE gets out, so hit it later and feed the machine before you hit Tryst where you work it all off on the floor (and in my case also on the pole). It's perfect when I need to see huge mason jars full of pickles to bring me right back home to the East when I've been in Cali for too long and feel like all I've been eating are sprouts and drinking organic wheat grasses. The only thing is that even the pickle jars aren't real, they're an image on a lighted box. How appropriate considering not only are we in Vegas, but also at the Mirage, and that's exactly what this place is, a NYC classic mirage, but it does it's job nicely and fixes your cravings up well. PS. Take the 5th Avenue cake to go. It's killer at 5am after you're about to get alcohol poisoning while smoking in the jacuzzi tub with your new friends at the Palazzo.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,11/27/2008,274,274,8,9,8>Very nice ambience, and a nice bit of quiet in the sea of crap and noise at Planet Hollywood.  Very solid wine list with surprisingly not crazy markups (something Vegas is legendary for, sadly), we had a Ridge Geyserville and an Au Bon Climat Chardonnay, both very nice and not insanely expensive.As a vegetarian, the real merits of these places are lost on me, but the sides were very solid and the portions were generous.  The asparagus was nice, not too loaded with butter, and the whipped potatoes were very light, if not slightly bland.The real story here was that I tried steak for the first time in my entire life (a piece the size of a dime), really my first meat-eating experience in at least 20 years.  It was OK, I really don't know what all of the fuss is about haha I didn't run vomiting or anything.  Needless to say, happy to be a vegetarian, but now I can proudly say that at least I know what I'm missing :)
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2008,11/26/2008,109,215,5,7,9>What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas right? But I have to share a secret with you and it's OK to tell your friends.  On nearly the top floor of the Binion's Casino and Hotel you can find a wonderful steak house in the heart of downtown Vegas.  Sure, you can go to another steak house du jour along the strip and be treated like a piece of meat or you can come here and enjoy one.When the elevator door opens on floor SH (Steak House), prepare to step into a time machine whisking you back to the early days of Vegas.  A maitre d', classic dark dimly lit decor and red vinyl booths will welcome you.  The Prime Rib was delicious and the Caesar salad was yummy.  My only suggestion for improvement was the dinner rolls were a bit dry.  Other then that, the Binion's Steakhouse was simply a classic experience and a nice way to escape the crowds.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2008,11/25/2008,475,184,13,22,22>Butter. Sugar. Eggs. Flour. (BSEF) That's all you need to bake your basic cupcake.But what if you're flying from SFO to LAS to visit your peeps, and you not only don't have any B,S,E or F, you have no time? You call The Cupcakery for a quickie delivery of some of the finest cupcakes east of the Cali border!While cupcake delivery is a big, pricey splurge (almost $70 for a dozen... half of which is delivery charge), it' well-worth seeing the look of "Ohhh, man that's one good yummy piece of cake" on everyones face as they take a bite of these moist-caked & creamy-topped gems. I was impressed!Plus, cupcakes are a delightful alternative to flowers, don't you think?For the record, the Red Velvet was really good, and while it's usually my favorite, I really loved the Vanilla, too!  It's nice to know the greater Vegas area has a place like the Cupcakery handy... especially since it's so close to my peeps!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2008,11/24/2008,113,73,3,8,8>Breakfast, lunch, dinner, it's all good!  Anytime you stop in, there they are!  Happy to see you, ready to prepare whatever sounds good at the moment, inexpensive, and you can have whatever adult beverage you want along with. Couple good specials - the steak/shrimp combo and all you can eat Prime Rib.  What's not to like?!Special shout out for maybe the best Eggs Benedict in LV!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/23/2008,359,353,8,7,8>We were led to this place by our friend who is a local here. Morning dimsum on Saturday was a definitely fantastic idea, I have to say.The dimsum here was excellent. I am not that familiar with dimsum but man, every one of the dimsum we ordered was kickass good. I also wanted xiao long bao, and they had it on the menu, so we ordered it. The skin was a bit on the thicker side, but the bao itself was top notch. They also had egg tarts. Oh man, egg tarts. I lUV EGG TARTS!!!I wish I knew the names of the dimsum better. Guess my review isn't that useful after all, but I surely enjoyed their food =D
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2008,11/22/2008,102,316,4,5,4>The couples decided to split for a night and spend some QT with our significant other...the BF wanted to come here because he had seen how beautiful the waterfall was. We called and made reservations...the lady on the phone was really nice and was very accommodating. We got there 15 minutes early, but we were seated right away. We requested for a view and a nice one it was.We started off with a bottle of wine (and me chugging discretely it because I didn't think we'd finish it, VERY classy) and the smoked salmon appetizer.The smoked salmon appetizer was very refreshing...the capers added a good tangy flavor and the potato latke added texture.He got the Scottish Salmon and I got the Loup De Mer. His salmon was very juicy and soft, perfectly cooked, however towards the middle he said it was a little too salty. The salt rub on my seabass was too salty for me, but luckily it was just on the skin, so I just took it off since I don't really eat the skin anyway.We didn't save room for dessert so we opted for coffee instead. It came with a little square of chocolate which was REALLY GOOD.. yumh chocolate.The service was great and we had a nice relaxing dinner to wind down our trip.The waterfall show was a bit random and...umm psychadelic? It's funny, but kind of ruins the mood a bit. The bf mentioned that it'd be a good conversation starter for those on a lame date..hehe. Overall the food was only 3 stars at most, but the service was 5, which averaged out to be 4 stars. I wanted to give it 3.5, but the atmosphere and service makes it worth 4 stars.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,11/21/2008,62,32,5,6,6>the BEST service and rack of lamb of my life!from making the reservations to even the a follow up phone call days later to ask how the experience was, rosemary's TAKES CARE OF YOU. my goodness, they service was attentive and wonderful.and the food. AMAZING. the white chocolate bread was incredibly delicious. never had anything like it.  for appetizer I had the figs stuffed with goat cheese and wrapped in prosciutto. the right amount of salty and sweet for an overall orgasmic party in your mouth.for my main, I had the rack of lamb. this was by far the best quality of lamb (so well marbled with the right amount of fat) and cooked JUST perfectly (medium rare). The meat was so tender.  The temperature was also perfect and served still warm. The sauce with the olives was pretty good although I personally would've liked some sort of touch of sweetness to complement lamb. Nonetheless, this dish was absolutely delicious. I also added the foie gras to my entree and it was HEAVEN. it was the most generous SLAB of foie gras I had ever seen!  so wrong but so good! my goodness. it was also cooked to perfection. the temperature of it was also just right with the warm seared outside. yes I want to cry just thinking about this entree. tt was THAT good. u HAVE to add the foie.the waiter suggested a glass of a bordeaux to go with the lamb and it was the perfect complement with a bold but smooth spiciness. for dessert had creme brulee which wasn't mind blowing but it was good. the shell was nice but the inside was cold and I prefer the inside to be a bit warm. the consistency and creaminess of the creme was very good though.they also gave complementary truffles and this crispy peanut butter ditty which were amaaazzzzing. what a great finish to a great meal!also an extra "touch" that made the meal even more amazing is that it was lady's night meaning all my food was 50% off! saved over $40!! how can u not give this place 5 stars?!?!??
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2008,11/20/2008,348,195,11,12,11>So, I got a group of friends together to go to Vegas with me to ring in my 30th year of life. I had to keep in mind that some people are on a budget with kids, mortgages, etc. Bingo! Hooter's came up on my search. I'm not one of those women that are scared of Hooter's girls, so I didn't hesitate booking our stay there.When we arrived, I noticed the place was FULL of men. Perfect place for a single girl to stay! We were greeted by a friendly front desk staff who upgraded our rooms to "Ocean View" rooms due to my sheer awesomeness....ok I don't know why they upgraded us, but it was cool.My room was clean and comfy with a nice view. My bed was comfortable, nothing cushy or posh, but comfortable. The only things I would change would be to replace the carpet because it's old, brighten up the hallways a bit, and update the elevators. Other than that it's a cool little hotel. If I'm ever breezing in and out of Vegas again, I'll probably stay there to save some dough. It's nothing fancy, but it's a clean, budget friendly place to stay.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,11/19/2008,261,194,9,16,10>Okay...truth be told, I was a little apprehensive about getting my first tattoo. The nerves were jumpy for two reasons: 1. this is permanent and 2. this is painful. So finding a good artist who is open to suggestions, gives good advice, operates in a professional manner (clean, orderly), highly artistic and is above all, friendly and puts you at ease....yeah, a tough order to fill.A friend of mine has had extensive work done by Nickhole and let me tell you...this woman is phenomenal. Her portfolio is beyond cool. There's a lot of passion in her art and I am so proud to have one of her pieces emblazoned on my body. She is everything you'd want in a tattoo artist. I'd never met her before my appointment, but I instantly felt comfortable with her. She's also quick. My tattoo probably would have taken longer to do by someone else, because it really wasn't that small, but she was done in a half hour. This is VERY important, because I don't care what anyone else says, tattooing HURTS depending on where you do it!She can be brutally honest too. I went with a friend of mine, and even after I was done with my tattoo, she was still frantically looking for something appropriate for hers. She ended up pointing to a zodiac sign. Nickhole just shook her head and said, "Nope, I'm not going to tattoo you. You're picking one out of pressure and I don't want you to regret it." That's her. She'd rather pass on the job than have an unhappy customer. For those of us in the Bay Area, Nickhole's not so easily accessible. But she does come out to San Francisco a couple times a year. So if you like her style, email her (nickholetattoos@gmail.com) and find out when she'll be in town again. She's usually at the tattoo shows.RE: the one star review - I'm not sure which shop that reviewer went to, but it can't be this one. The people here were super friendly and laid back. Plus there was no couch anywhere...pacman video game...but no couch. So I'm thinking their comments were meant for another shop. Check the address people, before you Yelp shit that ain't true.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/18/2008,18,44,8,8,8>Now this is what I'm talking about! I love this hotel. The rooms are gorgeous. I had an awesome view overlooking the strip and the Eiffel Tower, the bed was perfectly comfortable and I really enjoyed the MP3 player. It's always nice to have your music with you to fall asleep to.I asked for a late checkout and they had no problem with that. I love sleeping in and hate having to wake up by 11 if I don't have to especially when I'm on the road.My only complaint was when I checked in I waited in line for 45 minutes. They only had 5 counters open and about 50 people in line. Once I got to the check in counter they offered me an upgrade which was nice. The room wasn't overly expensive. The atmosphere inside the Paris is very cool. I ate at one restaurant there but can't remember the name. It was a sports bar of sorts. Our waitress took waaaaaaay to many steroids. She was like Arnold without the accent.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2008,11/17/2008,14,14,1,8,5>This has to be one of the best Nightclub experiences i've ever had.  Im from LA and have been on the club scene for 10+ years.  I'm kind of done with the club scene, but found myself in Vegas for a bachelorette party.We got a table at LAVO and the service and treatment was top-notch all the way.  I was beyond impressed and i'm a tough cookie to impress.  We had 2-3 waitresses for our group of 12 girls and they took care of us all the way.  I would compare it to the service I've gotten at a St Regis Hotel.  We also had our 1st bottle comp'd.  Additionally the club itself is beautiful. Gorgeous details and interesting things to see everywhere.The crowd was great too, good looking, classy for Vegas.  (We were at Prive the night before the the low-rent crowd there was SCARY- people stealing red bull cans off our table and sticking them in their purses with no bouncers around anywhere).Back to the LAVO review....And to top it off, I ended up losing my passport there somehow!  They found it the next day and Fed Ex'd it back to me immediately.Way to go LAVO - you get high marks in my book!!!!
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2008,11/16/2008,249,111,5,6,5>They have GOT TO update this place! The ambiance at this location is on par with a Sizzler's. Fortunately, the meal was good.What we Had: (Party of three)2 orders of crab salad (Awesome!) Just PURE fresh crabmeat, lemon, and a sort of "Louie" dipping sauce. MMMMmmmmm1 order fried calamari1 wedge salad1 field greens with vinaigrette (YUM)1 chopped salad3 iced teassteakfilet mignonlobster (very good, tender not rubbery or over-cooked)broccoli au gratin (Yum)no dessertOnly got a glimpse of the bill, I think it was $261(Unless they're allergic to shellfish!)
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,11/15/2008,113,96,8,11,10>So apparently if you're reincarnated as a cow you want to be one of the Kobe sort, which is a special breed of Japanese cattle that is given beer daily and a massage so the meat is more tender (thanks Wikipedia!).  All of Burger Stop's meat is Kobe - nice. After reading Joseph A's review of this place my red meat alarm went off and I decided to check it out for myself, and they do a fantastic burger.  Everything is made fresh daily.  So for $12 I got a double patty, fresh cut thin fries, and a soda.  The bun was toasted and slightly crunchy.  Perky avocado and onions.  It was lovely.  I forgot my camera but I'll post a pic next time.  And yeah, the owner/cook does look like George Carlin and although I did not overhear him say any of the 7 words you can't say on television, he'd probably make a good Vegas impersonator.  The one complaint is it takes a little longer than say Fatburger to get your order, a good 15 to 20 mins, but there were a couple of orders in ahead of mine.  And it's worth it when you know its gonna be good.Just a simple easy place to get a nice solid piece of red meat.  Corner of Trop and Eastern.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,11/14/2008,103,80,8,10,25>Binion's a place for lovers? Yup it's true. Binion's that hard scrabble gambling hall downtown, is maybe the most romantic spot in Vegas. At least for me. I asked my wife to marry me at the Bellagio Fountains, we got married at Caesars, but Binion's is the spot that does it for me. We were sitting at the Binion's Snack Bar. Which we love almost as much as we love the Coffee Shop downstairs.  Anyways, we were sitting there enjoying a grilled ham and cheese sandwich, when a very elderly lady asked me if she could sit down at the counter next to me. "Of course," I said, and moved my food over a little. Then she turned and helped her even more elderly husband to the chair.  Everyone knew the couple, they all asked how he was doing. He obviously was not doing too well. But he said something to the effect of, "I'd complain, but who would listen!"The couple sat down and ordered two bowls of the snack bar's famous Hobo Stew. Here is a link to a pdf of the menu of the snackbar. binions.com/dining/snackThey talked to the cooks about their kids, about the cooks' kids, about life in general.  After they were finished, the lady helped him to his scooter and one of the cooks called out, "See ya next week." The gentleman responded, "I'm not making any guarantees but I sure hope so." Well turns out this couple had been coming to binions, every week for over 40 years. Sitting at this same counter, ordering that same hobo stew.  As we watched them go away, my wife said, "Think that will be us someday?" I said, "if we are really really lucky honey, it will be."
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/31/2008,11/12/2008,119,127,5,5,5>Ordinarily priced out of such restaurants, a decent run on a craps table enabled me to take my mother and grandmother out for a nice dinner.  They wanted the buffet, I wanted a good dinner.  Since I was paying, I won the argument.The atmosphere screams romantic, however useless that was for me.  The ability to see the kitchen was also a nice touch.Everything on the menu is a la carte, which can lead to some tremendous bills.  The menu, however, was very diverse with reasonably priced top shelf entrees.  I ordered the king crab with ahi tuna salad and a baked potato, my mom the prime rib with a caesar salad and sauteed mushrooms and onions, and my grandma the salmon.My meal was probably the worst of the three.  My salad was a little dry and tasteless.  The king crab was over seasoned and served too cold.  The baked potato had at least a half stick of butter rammed in to it.  The ladies however greatly enjoyed their meal.  For desert, the three of us split a triple chocolate mousse, which was divine.The Steakhouse is expensive, be forewarned.  I spent nearly $200 bucks on 3 people without any wine.Between the Steakhouse and Regale (the Italian restaurant at Excalibur), I'd choose Regale every time.  Unfortunately, in the recession, Regale is only open Friday-Sunday.  Luckily I had a good Pai-Gow run Sunday and bought the ladies dinner when it was open.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2008,11/11/2008,1199,60,13,19,13>A couple of friends are in town for a convention and they wanted to eat at a top notch buffet. So that means its either the Wynn or the Bellagio. The past few times this situation presented itself, my friends all decided on the Wynn. This time around, this particular group of friends let me decide. "Well, the past few times its been the Wynn, so lets mix it up and try the Bellagio.", I suggested. "I mean how bad can it be?"We stroll up to the buffet on a Monday at around 7:30 and was pleasantly surprised not to see a line. Now in hindsight, is that a good thing or bad thing? Anyways, my friends bought my dinner so I didn't catch the price. I figure it was close to about $30. The nice hostess leads our party of five to a table that normally seats 4. She pulls an extra chair and puts it at the head of the table. Seriously? I can understand if we had a kid in the party, but we are all adults. Cant we all have our own little space?"Excuse me miss, can we get another table?""Sure, this way please."So I was expecting they would bring us to a table that seats 6 and have an extra chair open. I guess thats what I get for assuming. She leads us to another table that seats four and pulls up an extra chair. Wow. This must be the five diamond/5 star service I was expecting. I can understand if the place was packed but it seemed like 1/3 of the tables were empty. Whatever. We deal with it and head for the food.We grab a plate and walk the selections to see what delicious offerings they have. Dish after dish I didnt see anything I was too excited about. Everything just seemed normal. If they blindfolded me and brought me here, I would of guessed we were at a $12.99 buffet somewhere. I think I would of been happier eating at the Planet Hollywood buffet and saving a few bucks for gambling or drinks afterwards.So for our first round, I start out with crab legs, peeled shrimp, cold smoked salmon, salmon sashimi, and some spicy tuna sashimi. Maybe it was my high expectations, but I didnt enjoy the food as much as I thought I would. The crab legs dipped in the warm butter was fine. Not spectacular. The peeled jumbo shrimp tasted like the ones I bought from the Albertsons seafood counter. Normal. The smoked salmon tasted fine. The salmon sashimi was decent. Now here's my gripe about the 1st plate. Spicy tuna sashimi... I couldnt even get past two bites. It was soooooo spicy. Are they trying to cover up the lack of taste? Seriously?For the 2nd plate, I chose a slice of shrimp pesto pizza, rare prime rib, duck leg in peanut sauce, calamari salad, and scallop ceviche. I love duck. So the duck leg was yummy. The prime rib was good because I asked for a rare slice and the carving station guy pulled a whole prime rib slab and cut me a piece straight from the middle. It was worth it.  The pizza was ok as well as the calamari salad and scallop ceviche.So far I enjoyed 3 out of 10 dishes. I take another lap and didnt really see anything else I wanted to eat. So I head for the massive dessert area to fill the void I was feeling. I select the carrot cake, flan, creme brulee, and a chocolate covered brownie. The best one was the carrot cake. Wow. That was very tasty. Possibly the best thing I tasted all night. The flan and creme brulee were delicious as well. the chocolate covered brownie I could have done without.Here's another thing that bothered me. I ordered some tea. They had a great selection of about 5 or 6 teas. That's a good sign. I ordered some Green Tea and my friend orders some Earl Grey. While we wait for our beverages, she mentions that she should of asked for some lemon and honey for her tea. "Those always come with the tea.", I confidently stated. Boy was I wrong again. I'm not doing well on assumptions tonight. They bring the tea and of course there's NO lemon or honey. Cmon now. Even at a lowly 24 hour cafe/diner they bring you lemon and honey with an order of tea. Seriously.... SERIOUSLY?Throughout this whole evening, the only thing that kept running through my mind was... How come I didn't choose the Wynn buffet? What else could go wrong? I had one too many drinks so I had to use the little boys room. When I walk in, there were about 5 guys in line waiting to use the urinals. Seriously.... There are two urinals and one regular toilet stall IN A BUFFET? SERIOUSLY? Now I know how the ladies feel.... Waiting.... Waiting....Would I go back? Not anytime soon. Wynn or Bellagio Buffet? WYNN. Hands down. The food just tastes better there. You can truly taste the quality there. Do you have any pictures Leo? SURE DO! Check them out!I was torn between 2 or 3 stars. If I could, I would of given them a 2.5.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2008,11/10/2008,338,829,3,5,5>also came here after eating at the japanese restaurant next door. maybe we'll talk about that in another review... anyway.. i was so surprised at all the flavors they had! i liked how they separated the fruity selections from the chocolaty ones. it was hard to decide. i ended up choosing the creme brulee and it was so so so perfect. i was afraid that it would be too sweet towards the end but it wasn't! i loved how they had the crunchy part that you would have with creme brulee.. yanno the hard part on top they use the flame thingy on. lol.. gosh.. i'm so articulate right? roomie was extremely pleased with it too. one of the other customers heard me order it and was like that's my favorite!! it was pretty busy when i went in there which is always a good sign! definitely will be back for more.. esp cuz its like 2 mins away from my place.. eek! that might not be good for my wallet..
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,11/9/2008,87,125,3,5,5>BIG kitties! AND dolphins :) Love the secret garden. FYI cats are most active early in the morning so try to catch them when the exhibit opens or close to closing time. We got quite a show for our $15 tickets. Two of the white tigers were playing with each other. When cats play it usually goes something like "hiss hiss" *swat* "meow!" When tigers (300+lb cats) play it goes something more like "roar! roar!" *swipe(with big paw)*! There are also lions and orange tigers in the "kitty" area. There are three pools with dolphins and you can watch them swim from above or go down below and see them swimming around from an underwater perspective. One of the rare places in Vegas where its a good idea to bring the kids.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,11/8/2008,21,27,2,7,5>Moon is, hands down, my new favorite club!  The view from the top of the Palms' Fantasy Tower was gorgeous, the DJ was amazing & the atmosphere was just perfect!I had great time there last Saturday night (which happened to be Hugh Hefner's 82nd Birthday Party!) & I know that I will definitely be back!  I loved wandering around from room to patio to room & there were so many great photo-ops.  As I mentioned before (and I find worth repeating), the DJ was amazing!  Every song that was played was better than the one prior and each song was switched up before it was tired out.  Needless to say, I danced for hours (until my feet died from my heels!) :o)The crowd was young and trendy -- I didn't see too many skeevy creepsters that are so abundant in Vegas wandering around which was nice.  I will say that you had to be a bit pushy to get to the elevator to leave the club because the line to the elevators was ridiculous!Other than that, I would definitely recommend Moon!  I know that I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2008,11/7/2008,325,19,4,6,6>Being Filipino, I can't live without my rice and "ulam" (main course)... so for those days that I want to reminisce about my lola's "kaldereta" or some great "sinigang', I will go to Fiesta Filipina.When you first walk in you glance at the TV and hear the "TFC" channel playing in the background... it has a great ""homely" feel with bamboo-style decor.  This place is awesome when you are super hungry and are craving rice, and don't want to wait for your food to come.  It is "buffet" style behind the counter, meaning you point and pick what you want.  They always have a stack of barbecue sticks waiting for you.  But if you like, they also have dishes you can have made to order, like "palabok".Awesome place to go and pick up food if you have relatives or friends in town and don't feel like cooking. ;)You can order a la carte, or by combo; prices are affordable and reasonable, and the food is really good here.So overall, 4 stars! =)
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,11/6/2008,65,111,5,4,5>I really don't think I've had a bad experience here. I keep coming back, despite the mediocre food, partially due to the relaxing environment this restaurant places you in.The allure of this restaurant is not just it's casual bistro-like food, but the view. The view is what sells people to come here. Nobody ever really sits far within the restaurant, everyone sits in the patio area. Bellagio fountain, front row seat, with good food and champagne in front of you. The life of a winner (or the consolation prize of the big loser - in my case).Came here for a nice Sunday brunch, and ordered relatively smaller dishes, partially since I was so weighed down with guilt of how much money I had lost the night before.Got myself a hearty French onion soup, and salmon rillettes.French onion soup was hearty, but salty. A huge amount of cheese (gruyere possibly, was not really paying too much attention). Good flavoring, solid dish.Salmon rillettes I may not get again. It was decent, but not transcendent. The cornichons with the salmon rillettes were well pickled, but something was just lacking with the rillettes. Not sure what.If anything, the best part are the fresh french baguettes that come out before hand with any dish. Warm warm baguettes, with raspberry jam, and good butter. Excellent stuff.Ordered a bottle of Perrier-Jouet Champagne Brut MV. Don't really scoff at this bottle, even though it is the cheapest one on their list. It's well worth the money, and reasonably priced (68$, vs ~40$ at BevMo, and more for others). Freaking awesome champagne - rated pretty highly as well. A definite must get, and makes you feel like an absolute high roller, even though you're rolling in the mud with your huge losses.4 stars - Inconsistent food, but excellent view and service, in addition to fresh baguettes, make up a great experience. You can just sit down, look towards the fountains, and sigh in relaxation.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,11/5/2008,177,365,9,10,8>Drais is by far the best place for afterhours in Vegas.  The ghetto ass shady afterhours we have available to us in San Francisco really makes me appreciate the luxurious afterhours party that Drais provides.  It can be kind of tough to get in, and guys will have to pay cover unless they have hookups.  I am grateful of the fact that I know a few of the employees here so I usually never have a problem, but if you're rolling up anywhere between 3am-5am, be prepared for a short wait.The best thing about Drais by far is how they have a hip hop room as well as a house room.  This is GENIUS!  One of the things I dislike about afterhours is the house music I am usually forced to endure- and it's not like there are many options when it comes to afterhours.  At Drais I can party to the music I like!  I like to roam around the club to make fun of the house music people dancing when I get bored as well, so that provides for some additional entertainment.  Much better than Empire Ballroom- Drais has class and luxury...something that most afterhours spots do not provide.  It makes me feel slightly better about partying until 8am when I know I shouldn't be....hey, at least we're not in some warehouse being served low grade alcohol in plastic cups!  Yes, that is what we're dealing with in SF, people.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,11/4/2008,342,498,8,9,8>::: Review #100 :::Located on the 2nd floor in the Venetian next to the shops, this bakery stall is a must stop.The more I heard about the macaroons here and how delish they were, the more the anticipation built. Finally, we stopped by before heading to the pool. There was a beautiful selection of macaroons of different colors &amp; flavors. There was also other baked pastries, cupcakes (red velvet), and sandwiches. The OJ looked pretty good too.I ended up getting an espresso macaroon and a piece of the foccacia du jour which had goat cheese, tomatoes, and basil. The foccacia was really good (and they offer to heat it up). It was soft, yet crunchy, and quite tasty. It was like a mini foccacia pizza bread. The macaroon was good as well. The pastry part was slightly sticky crunchy, like biting through a layer of crystallized sugar or something. The filling was like a sweet espresso flavor.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2008,11/3/2008,186,282,16,22,15>If there was a place that deserved a solid 5 stars, then Ichiza would be it. After having such a good time the previous trip to Vegas, I know I had to make a return trip with my buddies. We actually ended up coming here two nights in a row, since the 2nd night, the dinner at Lotus of Siam was a disappointment.Coming during dinner time on a Saturday night, our wait was fairly reasonable (~30mins or so), and we were immediately seated in one of those tatami style seats on the side. We got some green tea and were ready to order. There's a menu with about 60-70 items, but the thing to do here is to order off the special menu off the wall: yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPThe 5 of us ordered quite a bit and really didn't bother looking at the prices since most of the items were good and cheap. Here are some of the highlights:1) Yellowtail Tar Tar ($6) (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP): OMG, this was so friggin' good. We ended up getting 3 orders the first night and another order the 2nd night here. Yes, it's THAT good.2) Pork Belly w/Shiso ($2) and Grilled Garlic (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP): To me, pork belly is awesome, so is shiso. To mix the 2, it's a marriage made in heaven. The grilled garlic was like crack. Some may hate garlic, but if you're a fan, you'll be chomping them down. We also got the fried whole garlic, that was just OK. 3) Uni Mochi ($5) and Liver (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP): Got the uni mochi last time and it's good again this time around. The liver is again one of my favorite organ meat and yakitori liver is damn good.4) Red Snapper Carpaccio ($7) (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP): Wow, it's really good. Refreshing and delicious. Daikon on the bottom, with a piece of red snapper, topped with nagaimo (white stuff) and ikura (salmon roe) all under a piece of lemon in ponzu sauce.5) Mochi wrapped in bacon, deep fried oyster, grilled squid, and seared tuna (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP) Not much description really needed I think. The dishes were all good in the picture. It was the first time I had mochi wrapped in bacon and I want it again!6) Tuna, Hamachi, Salmon sashimi in an avocado bowl (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP). I forgot the actual name of the dish, but it's good. The avocado and the sashimi pieces went very well together.7) Sakuna or Sakura, I forgot what this was called (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP) 6 piece roll done very aesthetically while it's tasty as well. Probably the most expensive item we got all night ($12), but it's something good to try. 8) Of course, with any izakaya, you'd order some grilled rice balls as a filler to get you full. The ones here are done pretty well, but not much flavor other than the shoyu sauce. (yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nP)There were other items we ordered that night, as well as many duplicate orders. At about $30/person, it's such a good deal. The pitchers of kirin are $15 and there are various bottled Japanese beers and sakes available. Seriously, it's a great place to eat, drink, and chill with your homies while not forking over an arm and a leg.Do yourselves a favor and check this place out when you're in Vegas, but just don't go when I'm there since I don't want to you to take my table. Cheap food, fun atmosphere, and plenty of liquor, what's not to like about Ichiza??This will probably be my last post on Yelp for awhile, so what's better than Ichiza with some pictures. Thanks to my bro Benny for that, since I'm usually too lazy to take pictures when the food is here.*Note* Opens M-Sun 5pm - 3am, closes 2:30am on Sunday*Note 2* Get the VIP card, 5% off on the next visit and other discounts after that.*Note 3* If Lotus of Siam = Epic Fail, Ichiza = The Motherfuckin' Truth
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2008,11/2/2008,1362,984,,12,10>Restaurant Week has arrived in Vegas and what better opportunity to check out a few restaurants while helping a worthy cause?Japonais was among the many restaurants listed, but their menu was the most diverse with quite a few selections to choose from as well.Arriving for an early dinner on this Labor Day Monday, we were seated along the back after requesting a side by side seating.  We were both surprised with the interior of this restaurant and the sushi bar.For $50.08 per person, we had a three course dinner ahead of us.To start, appetizers to choose from included Crab Cakes, Lobster Spring Rolls, Hawaiian Hamachi, Ahi Tuna Ceviche, Spicy Tuna Maki, etc.  We both chose the "Kobe Carpaccio with soy, ginger, pearl onions and tempura shallots."  What a divine appetizer to start with!  Delicately sliced and presented on a rectangular plate, the crunchiness from the shallots and sweetness from the onions provided a perfect balance.  The Big F was in complete heaven!Entree choices ranged from Seafood Toban Yaki, Ahi Tuna Steak, Salmon Japonais, Chestnut Chicken, and Le Quack Japonais.  We both decided on the "Petite Filet Mignon with truffle potato puree, grilled asparagus and uni butter."  The 4 oz. filet was cooked perfectly rare with a very good flavor.  The uni butter was a nice touch, but the potato puree and thick syrupy sauce made the meal so decadent and rich.  Instead of the grilled asparagus, we substituted with grilled broccolini.  It provided a nice crunch and contrast to the silky smooth potato puree.Dessert was a "Trio of Chef's Specialties" that included their Kabocha Cheesecake "Japanese pumpkin cheesecake with an almond cookie crust", their "Chocolate Ginger Mousse Cake" with gold flecks, and vanilla bean ice cream.  A generous dessert after such a rich meal.  The mousse cake was light, but also quite dense with flavor and richness.  The cheesecake had a more unique flavor, especially with the nice crust.  And a scoop of good vanilla ice cream and fresh berries always complements a dessert well, and provides a nice finish.Service was great.  Our water was always refilled before it ever reached the half mark, and our waitress was thorough and friendly.  She came by often to check on us and let us know the status of our order.  Overall, we had a fabulous experience with great food and good service.  It's a bit pricey for their sushi since they sell their nigiri by the piece!  But the Big F enjoyed the meal so much that he'd be willing to go back again this week just to enjoy it again!Side notes:* Industry night: 50% off industry menu every Wednesday in their lounge.* Late Night Dining: Late night menu every Thursday, Friday, & Saturday until 1 am.(Pics of our dinner are posted!)
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2008,11/1/2008,150,550,7,9,9>WOW this place is awesome! i came here for an anniversary dinner with the bf on a wed night. we had reservations at 7pm, but even though we got there early, we were still seated right away in a cozy little booth. the decor is modern with lots of browns and dimmed lights and the vibe just felt cool haha...we were probably the youngest diners in the restaurant but for a wednesday night, the place was pretty packed.our server, Carlos was attentive, efficient, and super friendly. he was able to describe the meats and wines to us and offered great recommendations. after much deliberation, we skipped the starters (since they do give you a good amount of bread) and went straight for the meat! i opted for the American Wagyu Filet ($80) and it was delicious! it was cooked perfectly medium rare and yes it was 'charred', but nothing extreme and the meat didn't taste burnt or anything like that. lots of yelpers complained about the saltiness of the meat, but i thought the seasoning was just right...in fact, they served my steak with a side of extra salt just in case i needed more haha. our side dishes of wild field mushrooms and yukon potato puree were just right to compliment the steak. in addition to the awesome food, the service was impeccable, our wine and water glasses were always filled and i swear just as we had finished up our meal, our plates were cleared in an instant. we were checked up on and i never felt like i was rushed. another plus was our complementary dessert. the words "happy anniversary" were spelled out in chocolate and served alongside 4 different crackers/cookies...it was quite a pleasant surprise since i wasnt expecting anything like that. overall this was a sensational dining experience! everything was spot on and i'll definitely have to save my money for my next visit to CUT haha
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,10/31/2008,129,453,8,10,9>Yum yum yum yum yum.  Great wine selection, stellar bread with goat and cream cheese spread (who doesn't love that?!) adds up to an amazing and memorable meal.  The amuse bouche was a duck proscuitto slice on a toast point.  Very yummy.I started with the heirloom tomato soup which was nicely seasoned, had a toast point with some goat cheese and asiago cheese as well as had a drizzle of herb oil on top.  The next course was braised short rib and homemade pasta.  The short rib had olives and soft bow tie pasta.  It was a nice winter dish, and sadly, I couldn't finish all of it.  The next course was a fig and pistachio tart.  Nice flavors and beautiful crust.I wish there was a shorter tasting menu here (the one they have is 6 courses).  A 4 or 5 course one would defintely be better and keep with the theme of the restaurant.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2008,10/30/2008,27,25,14,2,3>While on a school trip, I took my students to NY-NY for dinner /arcade/rollercoaster - general teenager stuff. Who knew an average meal would turn out to be such a teachable moment.Here's what they learned.1. ECONOMICS/LOGIC - Just because food isn't ordered by "Meal number" does not mean it is going to be an amazing culinary experience.2. BIOLOGY - Drunk women are loud and tend to not have control of their breasts. "OMG! That drunk chick has no idea her boob is hanging out her dress!'. " You are correct Timmy, turn around and eat your overcooked pasta. "3. PERFORMING ARTS - Enter waiter. Speaks with thick italian accent. "Hello, I am Raphael, I will be your server tonight." "Excuse me sir", states Timmy, "are you really Italian?" "I am until my shift ends!" states Raphael minus accent. Blank stare. Illusion shattered.Ravioli - grade 76%Service - grade 85%Tarimisu - grade 92%Having a teachable moment in the heart of Vegas - perfect score.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,10/28/2008,217,157,8,13,10>We came here for a day of pampering during my cousin's bachelorette party weekend/last fling before the ring in Vegas.  I was placed in charge of spas and I wasn't familiar with the spas in Vegas, never been to one there, so I took a look at the handy dandy reviews on Yelp and I gotta say Yelp didn't disappoint.At Qua you can either relax and enjoy the spa with a $45 daily fee or indulge in a treatment and the daily fee is waived.  Either option is great, I love the option that you don't need to get a treatment because honestly here you don't need it.  The facilities available with the daily fee are impeccable.  Not only do you get a locker for your goods, a robe, slippers, and towel service, they also have great shower facilities where shampoo, conditioner, body wash, even hair products, razors, lotion, and hair tools like curling irons and flat irons are provided gratis.  HUGE bonus points.  Nice lounge room too with light snacks and refreshments like tea and even a room attendant who's happy to brew you a cup.  With your daily fee you also get use of the arconium, their arctic room, and sauna.  Especially when its 100 degrees out the arctic room is awesome; the foam bubbles meh but the fact that its a chilly 55 is great.  The small pools are wonderful too, I especially like the "make it rain" showerhead in the middle and the heated lounge chairs.  What a way to indulge, especially after going out and getting loaded the night before or being in the smoky casinos.  Spa treatments are fab too, although 1 star off for my esthetician being a lil too aggressive with the extractions.  She was though very nice and personable, chatty enough but she seemed genuinely warm and friendly.  The other girls looooved their treatments too, one of them said she felt like she was going to melt like Jello on a hot day after her massage.  We even left the spa did some shopping and sight-seeing and came back to get ready.  No hassle from the front desk at the spa!  It was nice being able to get ready for our night out too there, like I mentioned above their facilities come with everything you need to get ready and its so much easier than 9 girls trying to get ready in two hotel bathrooms.  We literally could have spent all day there and next time I'm in Vegas with the girls I'll make sure that we book a day here again.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2008,10/27/2008,189,522,2,10,5>I have been putting off writing this reveiw for a while. Due to just being forgetful and having a hard time finding this listing.  This place is interesting, it's by appointment only. So i had to ask Gillian why. She likes to give personal attention to her people who are in to get a fitting.  She really does, in fact i was unplanned i just went with a friend. But her costumes were so awesome that i opted to go rent one even though i already had one. She even gave us shoes, accessories and everything else to make it look right.  Gillian really does care about us, we came in after a night of partying and look like crap. We were sluggish and just blah. She was concerned enough to give us drinks and whatever she could think of to give us our energy back. The other thing is when we asked, what is there to eat around here she spent another half an hour of her busy day to narrow down what we'd want to eat and make a map for us. That is love!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2008,10/26/2008,44,192,7,8,5>The motel 6 hookers scared me.  I was convinced that I was going to have to drive across town to find a place to stay that wasn't OBVIOUSLY infested with hookers, and didn't cost more than $100 to stay at.  As I made my getaway from Motel 6 aka the Tropicana Brothel, I noticed this Travelodge with its quarter full parking lot and lack of vagrants.  I made a quick right turn, parked, and walked into the office where I met Scarlet.  The office was clean, and Scarlet was just lovely.  After a quick exchange of questions and answers, I was handing over my credit card so that she could check me in.  I got a ground room floor with a parking spot directly in front of my door.The room was neat and clean with a bunch of amenities I don't use even when I'm at home.  Amenities like a hair dryer, coffee maker, and safe.  I did however make use of the fridge, air conditioning, and tv.  For those of you who need to be near water, there is a pool located in the center of the parking lot behind the front office.  Oh, and YES, the shower worked, and wasn't disgusting!Later I found myself checking out some brochures in the front office, trying to figure out what to see and do in the Las Vegas area.  Scarlet happened to be a local, born and raised in Las Vegas.  I explained I like doing outdoorsy type stuff, away from hookers and stinky gamblers.  She told me about Red Rock and the Valley of Fire, gave me directions, and good sound advice that usually only locals can give.Next time I'm in Vegas, if I'm not going to stay at one of the bigger fancier hotels that cost helluv $$$  I will totally be staying here at this Travelodge.  It's just a block or two off of Tropicana which is not very far from the strip at all.  The place wasn't over run with hookers and pimps.  The room was neat, clean, and well maintained.  Most of all Scarlet made a lasting impression with all the helpful and down to earth advice she gave me about the Las Vegas area.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,10/25/2008,876,405,10,15,15>One of my favorite eating spots in Las Vegas.  I've been to other Filipino restaurants in LV and this one by far surpasses them all.  This cafeteria style restaurant has the largest selection of Filipino cuisine.  Think of any Filipino dish....and they will have it!  It can be pretty overwhelming at first because there are just too many dishes to choose from.  I recommend going with more than 2 people so you can share different dishes.  I usually go here during lunch and I'll be full until way after dinner.  Their two-item combos are killer with large servings...and for less than $5, you'll be more content here than eating at a more expensive restaurant on the strip.  Make sure they serve your dishes in separate bowls so you can share them around the table.  Here are just a few flavorful dishes that I've enjoyed here throughout the years:LaingChicken AdoboLechon Kuwali Kare Kare Pork AdoboChicken ApritadaPaksiw na Pata MenudoBBQ chicken Beef CalderetaSinigang na BaboyPalabokPinakbetDinuguan Halo Halo....and that's only scratching the surface.  They have more items laid out....all nice and hot.  Oh and let's not forget...they offer Nilaga soup with your dine-in order (by the cashier).  Service is good...never had a problem with that.  However, cleanliness can sometimes be questionable.  The cheap prices and wide variety of great tasting authentic Filipino food explain why I've never seen this restaurant without a line.  But don't worry, the line goes pretty quick....especially when you're having trouble deciding what two items to get.  If you're ever stuck in that rut, go ahead and get three items!  Just don't expect to eat again until the next day.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,10/24/2008,18,27,1,7,7>On a weekender to Vegas, my gf and I were hungering for sushi one night and the concierge of our hotel (Monte Carlo) suggested going to Yellowtail, the newest restaurant at the Bellagio.  Only open a week,  one might expect some hiccups along the way, but the food was top notch and the service was even more so.The outside entrance signals the restaurant's presence with a beautifully decorated, massive glass tile mosaic of a yellowtail fish.  Indoors, posh, elegant, with clean yet comfortable lines in a contemporary style. Seated at the bar (since we had no reservation), the service didn't slack one bit as our bar waitress was more than knowledgeable, explaining the vast menu choices and offering helpful suggestions on what to order.   Despite the busy atmosphere of having to juggle bar mixology and restaurant patrons, she checked up on us often and made us feel comfortable.  Food wise, my best description for this dining experience would be - sushi fusion.  Combining East and West sensibilities into sushi produced some unique flavor combinations that I've never tasted before.  I'm not talking about your typical California roll here.  Think banana flavored sake, strawberry topped rolls in place of unagi, Big Eye Tuna Pizza with shiso, Toro Sashimi with caviar and microgreens.  The crab dynamite was delicious with generous chunks of crab meat, and a hint of spiciness. One of their signature selections is the Grand Omikase, a six course tasting menu based on the chef's* fancy that day.  I would highly recommend this, as it's the most bang for the buck, and you get to taste a vast array of flavors.  Kobe beef fans will be satisfied as this includes  Washu beef (a domestic breed of Kobe) offered in a tenderloin cut; a texture that just melted in my mouth.Some might think sushi fusion is a bastardization against tradition, but I think it's fun.  Why not try something new?  Your palate might thank you for it.*(Head chef, Akira Back, has worked with industry greats such as chefs Nobu and Morimoto.)
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2008,10/23/2008,72,240,6,6,5>The most hilarious place we visited in Vegas! No cover charge, but lots of dancing = a big plus. The band was WAY into their covers - especially "My Prerogative", so it didn't really matter that they forgot most of the words to Hall-n-Oates' "Can't Go For That", or that they completely messed up "Erotic City" - it was still a blast! It also wins the award for most gimmicky bar: the dance floor is the "barge" and it ROCKS back and forth from the weight of the dancers. Woooo!!! Even though only a small portion of our party ended up on the dance floor, a good time was had by all, and the people-watching was at an all-time excellent high - the craziest people end up at Cleopatra's Barge on a Friday night, so it was very entertaining. A solid place to go for a good time. :)
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,10/22/2008,102,255,5,5,5>So, after you've partied your ass off Vegas style and you crash in bed around 6 am you're going to wake up eventually and you're going to feel like crap.  Don't waste the day.  Wake up around 1:00pm or so, walk your sorry self down to Margaritaville and plop yourself at the bar.  The best cure is "a hair from the dog that bit you" or whatever that weird saying is...but it's true.  Order up their biggest "on the rocks" top-shelf margarita and suck it down.  Ahhhh, who needs advil!   The food is mediocre at best, it's a chain so don't expect anything better.  It's a tourist trap.  Stick with the chips and salsa or something not so drenched in cheese and you'll do okay.  Now that Jimmy's music is bringing your headache back full circle, flag down your waitress and ask for another margarita.  This time order it in the LARGE souvenir cup that you can take with you and drink as you walk the strip.  Booze to go.... what could be better!
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2008,10/21/2008,358,399,4,4,5>This place rocks !!It ain't cheap ( although the sapporo drafts at $5 s a decent deal )ordered soooo many plates not sure i can remember them all !lamb, pork belly, pork ears ( my least fav ) , blue crab miso, asparagus wrapped in Bacon, stuffed mushrooms, rice cakes, etc.couldn't convince the roomie to share a few foie gras dishes - next trip !i'm not sure if it's fair to compare this place to ichiza - i need to return to ichiza soon while Raku is fresh in my mind !
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2008,10/20/2008,41,67,5,5,3>My stay at Paris Las Vegas was pretty good. I enjoyed the casino environment quite a bit, mainly due to the high ceilings and Eiffel Tower. The quaint French atmosphere surrounding the casino (themed shop fronts, etc.) was an attractive way to bring in eye interest without a ton of flashy lights. One problem I had was how they insisted on cheesing up the place by putting "Le" in front of everything. Haha I know, I'm nitpicking, but it was so hokey!! I couldn't help but notice it everywhere.The room itself was nice and clean, though the amenities left a lot to be desired. The sheets were rough and thin, as were the towels. Definitely time to shell out some francs for new linens there, Paris.Overall it's a pleasant place to stay.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2008,10/19/2008,59,66,6,6,8>Disclaimer: I'm involved with the Pinball Hall of Fame.Disclaimer: You suck if you don't like the Pinball Hall of Fame. Seriously.There's not much else that could be more right about the PHoF. A few hundred meticulously maintained pinball machines spanning 6 or so decades, vintage video games, air conditioning and ample parking - what else can you want? Oh yeah, Yoo Hoo. They usually have that too. There is seriously no place like it in the entire world. The guys who run it, Tim and his man Friday, The Hippy, are awesome characters, and seeing as how neither of them make a dime from this enterprise, they clearly have their hearts in the right place. Oh, you weren't aware that the PHoF is a charity? Well, it sure as shit is! One more reason to drop some quarters.Yeah, it's not in the most fantastic part of town. But it isn't a bad drive from most places in the valley. Yes, the carpet is remnants left-over from a casino or something. Who cares? It's about the pinball. Tim keeps the machines in excellent playing condition, and is constantly adding new games to the mix. There are machines dating back to before you were born all the way up to today. Including some extremely rare (one off, even!) games that you can't see, nevermind play, anywhere. And most of the games have little tags on them that tell the history of it, which can be surprisingly fascinating. I don't know what else to say without sounding like a total shill. (Really, I'm only half a shill). Go give the place a once around. If you're into pinball, video games, history or even kitsch, the Pinball Hall of Fame has something for you.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/19/2007,10/18/2008,13,19,1,3,1>let me preface this by stating i grew up on a black angus beef farm in iowa.  this was back in the day before angus became as popular as american idol and when grass fed meant just grass fed.  now fgrass fed means free range and an excuse for whole foods, gelsons, and bristol farms to charge you the price of a fashionable t-shirt  just so you can eat like the dour couple from american gothic or like i did.   what does it mean?  it means that i'm a bonafied meat snob with some farm cred so steak lovers take heed.  charlie palmers is a classic steak house joint.  meaning it's murky with candles and fine linens.   it's classy inside but not too full of itself. inside guys were clad in jackets or even  t-shirts and they even had the world series on near the coaches, albeit snowy and grainy.  (you would think a high end place like this would have an hd feed.)a jovial waiter showed us to our tables.  my friends and i were famished from a day of loitering, gambling, and gawking so we tore into the bread.  to be honest i don't recall what it was but it satisfied us. between the four of us we ordered the filet mignon (2), rib eye, and a ny strip.  all these fancy steak houses say their steaks have been dry aged for x amount of days, weeks, years, decades, millenia, etc.  to me this reminds me of saying you can put lipstick on a pig but it's still a pig.  i'll stick to this assertion until i have a dry aged steak that knocks my socks off or beats what i can get back home in rural iowa.  i sipped on a jack and coke to dull my hunger pains.  just as i finished off the second jack, my rib eye appeared.  it was shaped like africa and grilled medium rare, just the way i ordered it.  i let a  bit size piece sit in my mouth and waited.  as a steak connoisseur i relish this brief passage of time, from the moment a steak touches my taste buds and the info relayed  to my brain for decoding.  it's akin to watching a beauty pageant and waiting to see who will be the new queen and who will be the first runner up.  you really want a certain contestant a while back as your favorite to win but you never know  until the end.  it's the same with steak-you really want it to be great but never know.and the winner is ...not charlie palmer but a steak house to be named later.   the rib eye was tender and pink but it lacked the sweetness and depth that i'm looking for in a top notch steak.  to me it needed a bit more fat.  a sublime rib eye is marbled well which gives the steak flavor and a more lively texture.  my friends' filet mignon had a bit more taste which surprised me, but i've had better and even cheaper before.all in all i think charlie palmers is still a solid place. their sides were outstanding with impeccable service. and the classy but non fussy ambiance is refreshing in vegas.  but i'm still searching for the perfect steak house.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,10/17/2008,728,671,4,7,7>What a way to start our weekend in Vegas! The topline:*Sommalier on site to help choose between the exorbitantly-priced, but excellent wines on the endless list.*Holy view! I couldn't decide what was more enthralling to look at (besides the ever-enthralling Will T., of course)--the sparking landscape out the 62nd-floor window or the bone white interior with it's 15,000 glass balls hanging from the ceiling.*The service was not up to the pricetag of the menu or its Michelin rating. We were fortunate enough to have a very sweet guy who didn't ever leave us hanging (and didn't laugh when we needed to start dinner with sugarfree redbull and vodka!), but I would expect Michael Mina-level flawless service here.*The food was 5 stars--when you get to decide between bison and venison on a menu (I chose the perfectly-prepared bison fillet), you are in for a unique dining experience. The creamed spinach on the side was notably good. And we also shared the surf and turf: striped bass, seared foie gras, brussel sprouts, with crushed black truffle. And you should order the baba au rhum dessert just for fun--the moist cake is already steeped in rum, and you get extra, warm rum to pour on top--deee-lightful.Mix is definitely worth saving your duckets or gambling grandma's Social Security check for.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,10/16/2008,7,7,6,6,7>Seeing as I am a true southern belle diiirrreeccct from the heart of Mississippi, I figured it was my civic duty to not only GO to Stoney's but to share my genuine opinion of its atmosphere and various accoutraments...... I have only been on a Friday night..... three Friday nights total at this point!  It does not dissapoint in true country bar atmosphere (and I should know)..... it is a large establishment with plenty of room for both walking around and dancing..... let's just say, it takes under 20 minutes to actually make it to the bathroom when it is packed to capacity.....  they have two full bars as well as several kiosk bars (ie. large open tubs of iced down beer)..... beer is always cold which where I'm from is a definite sign of a classy joint.....  Every time I've gone I have seen a lot of the same people (mostly nice crusty cowboys who love to dance)....  It's nice to be spun around the dance floor all night..... only complaint with the music is.... they throw in hip hop every now and then which makes about as much sense as a serving bisquits without gravy..... a LOT of line dancing, which makes for hilarious fun.... I find if you just keep moving and laugh and smile a lot, people tend to forgive you for not being an expert at them all..... I did ride the bull here (had to seeing as I did the bikini bull riding at Gilley's before they closed....still have my blue pasties to prove it  :) .. hey, it was a birthday party and I was dared to.... of course it could have had something to do with the 15 beers that were poured down me prior by my friends...a.k.a. partners in crime in this case)  any way, I digress..... you don't "pay" to ride the bull here.... of course, if you don't "pay" the attendant you definitely won't be riding it for long..... she'll see to that!  Let's just say, I definitely paid her.....  Stoney's has an entire side of play stuff....pool tables, darts, hitty thingys...... fun to take a break from all the dancing and kick tail at darts while the sweat dries off of you....... we've gone here with a large group every time and always after spending the first half of the evening somewhere else..... I'm not even sure if this place EVER closes..... the latest I've left was 4:30 a.m. and it was still packed wall to wall... but, hey, a girl's got to eat sometime!!!  I would never go here by myself (gotta have back up to keep the crusty cowboys at bay when they get too excited in the presence of genuine southerness)..... but it is a hootin' holler of a good time with a group of friends.....  go here AFTER you've chilled out at a few other places and had all the conversation you want to have and are ready to cut a rug!  YEEEEE HAAAAWWW !!!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,10/15/2008,72,35,9,6,6>Sometimes when I have really good sushi I forget what REALLY TRULY ABSOLUTELY THE MOST AMAZINGLY FREAKEN  PHENOMENAL sushi tastes like. Then, I go to Nobu and get schooled on the magic of their fish. It took me many years to actually try sushi and though my mom may disown me for actually saying this but I might actually consider this for my last meal on earth over her chicken mole. That's saying a lot coming from a beaner like me.Damn, my mouth waters and my palms sweat just thinking about the yellowtaill sashimi with jalapeno and the rock shrimp in the spicy sauce. These withdrawls are worse that crack...
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,10/14/2008,58,96,6,7,7>I agree with everyone who calls it a 5 star dive. Came here at 4 am and have to freaking wait at least 30 minutes because they didn't have many servers. The asian "hostess" took a liking to me for some reason and seated us before two other parties who were on the list before us.The King cut prime rib dinner was delicious! My boyfriend and I got ours medium instead of the usual medium rare cause we were a bit hesistant to eat semi rare steak there... the steaks actually came out pretty medium but were still mouth-watering. String beans and potatoes were chill, except the potatoes were lukewarm :( You have a choice of salad or soup and I got their broccoli cheese soup which was also good. With your meal, you can get a free root beer, but our sweet waitress let us have cokes instead.Definitely would come back here. Maybe not at 4am just cause some of the people there seem slim shady. There was a group of local girls arguing with another table of local guys... "at least I'm not so poor that I can only afford a suit from the Salvation Army," "why are you wearing a hula hoop around your waist (she was a bigger girl wearing a belt)?"
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/25/2008,10/13/2008,91,160,4,4,2>I'm being unduly harsh I know, but you know I'm a bit old school.  Skipping the misdirected attempt to turn Las Vegas into Disneyland (the marketing equivalent of giving kids a bag of glass for Christmas), Las Vegas has always been about giving guests the decadent experience....and I mean well-executed, adult decadence.But somehow that memo seems to have missed the collective e-mail boxes of the Mandalay.  Didn't know they were taking the tropical island theme to the absolute extreme (as in the "you're on your own" feeling).  Too bad, as the property itself is very nice indeed.Specifics?  Well, for one, our humble trip had been in the works for months.  Everything was planned to the second.  I mean this was a military operation we're talking about.  And yet, the best laid plans of mice and men were, well, very rodent like from the beginning.We had four rooms booked plus a very large Media Suite.  It was made quite clear that we needed a certain DVD player in the Media Suite....hey, I mean why do we even have to ask?  It's a "Media" suite for heavens sake....you know, with umpteen large flat panels...I mean flat panels up the wahzoo.  Apparently, "Media" does not include a DVD player.  Now all would have been forgiven if not for the fact that it was made quite clear that a DVD player was essential as part of our stay included an audio-video presentation.  I mean, like the whole trip almost revolved around this presentation (which was professionally created with untold man-hours, custom software, love, etc.....shout out to you Roy...well done indeed).  How many times do you need to ask?  After much groaning and moaning, the staff came through...though not without a bunch of blood vessels popping in unison.And, for the other aspects of the Media Suite, well the iPod interface needs refinement and the wetbar needs work...the whole suite had all of 2 glasses, no essential bar utensils, no wine opener, and a fridge that seemed to want to heat items rather than cool them.  Welcome to Vegas baby!As for the other non-suite rooms, they were nice enough, but avoid breathing on the minibar items.  Those weight triggered sensors were trigger happy charging your room so much as if you look at a Bud the wrong way.  KA-CHING!  $10 bucks.All this, of course, is nit picking and dwarfs the main issue, which is we all had a good time hanging out with each other.   For that, I give Mandalay some credit.  The rooms and gambling floor are clean.  The whole hotel is bright and not as smokey as other places along the Strip and the drinks come faster than you can say "Honey, where's the ATM?"  Oh, and the testosterone level seems a notch below Conan the Barbarian which is very pleasant indeed.But attention to details matters most when you claim to be a luxury resort on the Strip, and for that, I would have to penalize Mandalay a star or two.  A wholesale review of personnel and operating procedure seems to be in order.  It's a waste to have such a nice property run this way. Oh, and that "what happens in Vegas" ads?  Yeah right.  This place leaks like a sieve.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2008,10/12/2008,478,1032,5,7,7>Today rocked... why?  Because I got to go and shoot off an H&Kmp5, an AK 47, and a M249 SAW.  heehee.  Yes yes, I do have a bit of a bruise on my shoulder now but, it's worth it!  I like being on a range like that.  The smell of the gun powder took me back to basic training days... *sigh*.  Now, people pay hundreds of dollars for what the military PAID ME to be trained for.  LoL  Guess I kinda took it for granted then... After rental fees, it's @ a buck a bullet depending on your weapon of choice, btw.The staff at The Gun Store was nice enough; authoritarian when needed for safety but customer friendly at times also.  I know these weapons experts must get a little irritated with all the eager and under-educated tourists who come in to blast off a machine gun, but they do well in not showing it.  All in all it was a cool experience.  I have to take a star away though cause it's SO expensive.  And I mean WOW expensive for the time you spend at it.  Meh... still a good thing to try at least once.  Might see ya there!
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,10/11/2008,83,126,6,5,5>$1 bowling and shoe rentals after midnight!  A dollar, how is that even possible?  In New York, one game is like a bezillion dollars and bowling three requires a mortgage and a kidney as down payment.  I had a great time bowling here.  The group in the lane next to me was living it up with shots of Midori and Mountain Dew and feeling no pain.  The lane to the left of us had two guys practicing for the pro tour.  And then there was me in my "I Don't Give a Hoot" t-shirt having an awesome time.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2008,10/10/2008,508,259,9,4,6>After a long day of working and partying at Friday Night Live I had to unwind at a place...well I just needed food. Didn't care if it was the best. It was food. But what caught the eye was the Lollipo sign that said. All you can eat Prime Rib 4pm-4am.  9.99....OK So that settles the neanderthal in me craving meat sensations. It comes with Mashed potatoes, steamed broccoli, and salad....I smiled....feeling fat and knowing I'm dieting and ordered it medium rare. Yes it came like a thick slab of Flintstone tricertop ribeye...phuckin phat cut. ...BURP.....I asked for another.....Burp....my buddy Tyler couldn't handle anymore. So not to look like a Shamu eating a school of fish. I stopped. Oh sure I was satisfied with two pieces....But I asked our adorable waitress Mandy how much was the record. She said 8...... :) Well once, at Texas Station Buffet....I had 8 tbone steaks, and 4 passthroughs on the buffet plus dessert. Ya I should really stop doing that.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,10/9/2008,14,26,4,12,8>If you love the following, please get into your car NOW and head directly to Donut Hut on DI at Mojave.1--Freshly made donuts at all hours (except 5-7pm when they close briefly to use the bathroom and eat) in many varieties, including but not limited to maple bars, original glazed, chocolate with chocolate chip, Bavarian cream-filled, bear claws, etc. for $0.35 and up.2--Delicious French crullers on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays.3--Excellent service that only a locally owned business can give you.  He WILL remember your name and donut preferences, make suggestions, tell you what is freshest, and throw in FREE goodies on a regular basis (my baker's dozen usually ends up being a baker's dozen and a couple cousins).4--PATRIOTISM!  The owner takes a photo with Metro's motorcycle cops yearly in his army uniform and displays them on the walls of his humble hut.5--Getting something delicious with the spare change in your cup holder.  Sadly...they are a cash only business.6--Five gallon buckets for $10.00.  I don't know why, it just IS.Donut Hut is really what donuts and coffee are all about.  Forget the franchised crap--do yourself a favor and buy yourself some donuts made with a little love and a lot a flavor.  If you don't appreciate any of the aforementioned, you can travel a mile in any direction and spend $10.00 at Starbucks on a pastry and beverage.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,10/8/2008,86,208,5,5,5>oh man! i love red square. not only does their sleek Russian decor speak to the eastern European Jew in me, they have absolutely the best vodka selection and food! if you are anywhere near the south end of the strip, come here. better yet, make a special trip...it's worth it. the best dirty martini i have ever had (and i order them everywhere, so i know what i'm talking about). just make sure you splurge on the premium vodka. order a dirty with Imperia vodka, and prepare to drift away to heaven. this place also served me a fantastic salad: warm goat cheese and beets(im getting hungry just thinking about it) and my puritan BF raved about their Caeser. their salmon was delicious. served on a pastry crust with caviar and creme fraiche! F*ck, who wants to go to Vegas right now? But this place is not for those with light wallets. Dinner and drinks cost my BF and me about $150. But, what can i say? i love this place.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2008,10/7/2008,566,495,3,6,4>I just checked out this place over the weekend. It's one of the newest clubs in Vegas  but I don't think it's one of the best. Good points:- Music was always changing and was pretty good and consistent- Alki is normal. Not overly priced or cheap. Average size and price for Vegas- Good fun crowd. Everyone just wanted to be seen and have fun. - Lots of VIP sections/roomsBad points:- Took us 1.5 hours to get inside!!!! The lines weren't even lines! Everyone just stood anywhere and waved money at the bouncer to get them inside. Ridiculous! At least have proper lines people!- As I can recall, there was just 1 big dance floor and tons of VIP sections and small rooms.I guess if you don't have VIP you won't be sitting down all night or have space to dance. Overall, I think this place is very overrated! I rather party it up at Tao or Pure. More rooms with each of their own music, more places to walk around, and nicer scenery and environment. The lines may be long at Tao and Pure but at least it's more organized!And as for VIP, for some odd reason they stamped me with VIP and I have no idea how or why I got it. I just followed my friends and they walked right into a VIP room and got stamped. Soon, the whole room was crowded with people. So how strict are they with this VIP rooms? I'm not sure! It's all a blur to me now..but I am not complaining. I got free alki all night!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,10/6/2008,2,34,4,4,5>I reserve coming here for certain days that I allow myself to eat until the point that my stomach actually compresses my diaphragm into my lungs and I pass out from hypoxia. I bet you can guess I always order the AYCE BBQ. $17.99 which is a great deal for wood smoke BBQ. It comes with pork ribs, brisket, and link sausage. Even though this is what I always order I have tried almost everything on the menu and have enjoyed it all.  This go around there was no wait and we were seated right away. Our server got us our drinks and took our order and a few minutes later our BBQ was on the table. To me and the GF this place has the best brisket in town. Great smoke flavor and a smoke ring you can see in the meat. I personally love BBQ that you can taste the smoke in. The ribs are always very "fall off the bone" tender. I like the link sausage... not a huge sausage fan but it is very good. The sauces are good but not the best.....kinda sweet. The sides that come with the AYCE are just ok except for the beans... for some reason I really like them... nothing special just hit the spot for me. The sesame crusted bread is always sooo soft and good. All you can eat for $17.99..... that's an insane deal.....mmmmm....give it a try if you enjoy a nice smoked meat instead of a mediocre meat slathered in "great" sauce.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,10/5/2008,185,427,7,11,10>YUM!  sushi was the perfect thing to eat after getting my teeth cleaned down the street.  soft food that won't hurt your slightly sore teeth/gums.small place...probably only seats 50 people (including the sushi bar).  service was excellent.  probably not a place to come to if you're staying on the strip (as it's about 20 mins away), but i have family here and i love that they take me to the off-the-strip places.all you can eat lunch for $21.95.  came here with my cousins and i let them do all the ordering.  there were two large full pages of sushi, rolls, specialties and sides to choose from.  we didn't get any rolls, because of the "too filling" factor.  i liked that the cooked items such as tempura and calamari came in servings of 4 pieces so it was enough for each of us to have one and move on to the next item.  the sides (cold salads) are a very good accompaniment.    i never find the quality of fish to be that spectacular at AYCE places, but sushi mon was quite good!  the white tuna (that i'd never had before) melted in my mouth!    end your meal with the plum ice cream.  with many pieces of actual plum in it, it's so yummy!  then again, since it's AYCE, get the red bean and green tea too!(ROTD #4)
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,10/4/2008,409,600,13,15,15>a restaurant critic once said,"great restaurants don't just feed you; they also make you happy to be there.  i don't go to a restaurant to eat.  i go to a restaurant to have a good time."this best describes bouchon, in terms of food, menu, ambiance and service.  what a paradise in middle of all the ritz and glitz!  compare to the hotel (venetian) where the restaurant is located, it certainly is a bit understated since all that bling-blings and hustle and bustle are wiped out.  but i like that about bouchon.  i like that i can spend hours there and forget about everything that's going on around me and the world.  i like that although i am surrounded by other patrons, it feels like i am enjoying my own private dining. of course, bouchon is known for their mussels and pomme frites (my favorite french words beside louis vuitton...haha, i am kidding!!!).  however, i heard that the mussels here are not as plump as the ones in napa, so i opted for the most american breakfast item i could find in a french bistro, corn beef hash with over easy eggs and brioche toasts.  perhaps, there was too much corn beef in proportion to diced potatoes?  the dish was a bit salty.  in fact, the french fries were salty as well and i had to eat them with ketchup (i normally enjoy my fries without any condiment). their mini baguettes (complementary) and brioche toasts stand in a league of their own.  french truly knows how to make breads.  sometimes baguettes could get hard as bricks, but the ones from bouchon were extremely soft yet crunchy and had that wonderful fresh baked flour aroma.  brioche has always been my favorite type of breads, and it didn't disappoint me here.  extremely soft and buttery...i wouldn't mind eating those toasts even if i were to gain 100lbs.service was wonderful and attentive.  i loved the way they brought my iced tea which was freshly brewed, warm in a cute flask, and a cup with ice cubes.  i was happy at bouchon.  i didn't just eat...i had a good time!!!
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,10/3/2008,6,5,2,6,3>Personally, one of my favorite restaurants in Vegas....it has been around awhile compared to some in the new hotels so not as much glitz and glamour with the deco but hey...look at the Picasso's on the wall....but in terms of food and service....excellent.  I would suggest requesting a window seat when reserving and going in the evening so that the fountains are in the background.  Looking for great service this is the place to go.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2008,10/2/2008,73,125,4,6,3>We came here for my friend's birthday dinner on a Friday night, and to be fairly honest, we came upon this place only because the wait at Mon Ami Gabi was ridiculous and we were starving.  Turns out it was for the best, because this is a hidden gem at the Venetian!  It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is so cute!  The staff couldn't be nicer or more attentive.  Our water glasses were always full, and freshly baked bread was served one roll at a time (perfect for someone who lacks self-control around carbs like yours truly).  The Onion Soup Gratinee w/ the gruyere cheese  was the best french onion soup I've ever had.  Rather heavy, though, and the meal would have been perfect even if I had just stopped there.  But how could a girl  not gorge herself crazy at a place like this?  For my entree, I had the Mussel Mariniere (which is an appetizer, but works just as well as a entree).  Yummy dish, but I could have used more white wine broth.  It came with garlic fries, which was basically evil disguised in an innocent-looking cone.  Luckily, the nice server took them away before I ate too many of them.  Again, I can't emphasize how nice the staff is here.  Our waiter literally spent 15 minutes discussing all the desserts with us, and when we eventually decided on the Chocolate Souffle, it was on the house!  Will definitely return to this place when I visit Vegas again, but had to knock off one star for the lack of white wine broth with my mussels.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,10/1/2008,4974,721,3,9,4>Holy mother of god!!  What an outstanding meal THAT was!!!  Thanks to Susan R for hooking me up w/ the link for $50 off cuz I probably wouldn't have tried this place out if I didn't have it.  You could easily spend $100 by yourself.  The guy at the table next to us did by ordering a half bottle of wine, crab cakes, osso buco and the crepes for dessert.  He also inhaled the whole damn thing but that's another story....How can you possibly beat homemade pasta???  You can't.  We opted for the pasta sampler for the appetizer which consisted of gnocchi, ravioli and risotto. I've never had gnocchi so tender.My wife went with their version of frutti di mare which was amazing and I went with the squid ink pasta w/ clams.  Did I mention how good fresh pasta is???The waiter even brought us a couple small desserts on the house which consisted of a small tiramisu and cannoli which was really cool of them.I guess the only thing that would hold me back from coming back here would be the price.  I'd be interested to see how it is for lunch.  I know we'll go back again before the coupon expires.  This is definitely the best Italian I've had in Vegas.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2008,9/30/2008,240,319,6,9,9>If you're planning to do a dinner and show here in Vegas, then the KA and Craftsteak package is the way to go. ($175-$199 PP). Show tickets themselves are around $125-$150. Craftsteak was simply amazing. The stars speak for themselves. We had:AppetizersGrilled QuailRoasted Red ReppersMixed LettucesEntreesHangar Steak (shared)- get it mediumRoasted Chicken - juicy juicy juicyDiver Sea Scallops SidesYukon Gold Potato Puree  - I didnt expect it to be so good. Roasted Shiitake Mushrooms - i usually dont eat these, but i gobbled them down. Roasted AsparagusDessertsMonkey Bread w/ice cream - very sweetCrumble Berry Cheesecake w/ice creamYou get fresh warm bread with your meal. They have a wine special for $30. They give you 3 different wines, 1 for each entree. Like women walking out of a spa.....I felt pampered and fullfilled. The food made love to my mouth and spooned with my stomach. I'll be back!
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,9/29/2008,188,1101,3,7,7>Man, each time we eat here, we're not disappointed.Not a huge fan of eating entirely on the strip, my party tooled out on Spring Mountain and decided to gorge out here.Things to get whenever you're in Joyful House:Salt and Pepper SquidHot and Sour SoupBlack Bean Sauce CrabMa Pa TofuNow, make sure that the guys hear you correctly.  We ordered the crab but maybe he heard "crap" - the waiter ended up bringing out a totally different dish.  We had to send it back but at least they were "friendly" about it.  Yes, for what we could tell, they didn't spit in our food.  But man, that crab was the $hit and we killed the entire thing.  All 2.5 pounds of it.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,9/28/2008,292,759,16,8,9>Sooo I'm just a normal person from the burbs. I decided to spend an evening at Tryst with a friend in from out of town to give her the Vegas experience. Maybe the things I saw were normal for all you California cool kids, but the whole evening was so bizarre to me!Time in line: We had 2 girls, 1 guy in our party. We were dressed at about a 6 on the Vegas slutty scale so we had to wait like 8 minutes to get pulled out of line. Seriously if you have more chicks than guys expect to get pulled out.. not a big deal. Dudes are screwed.Cover: $20 for us ladies, and $30 for our guyDrinks: We drank double red bull vodka (kettle/sky depending on the bartender). They were $21 and not a bad deal because seriously 2 was enough to get us feeling really really good. Dance floor/Ambience: So it was crowded in there, but from talking to club going type people they say that's normal.. ok sure. I thought it was very beautiful, just smaller than I expected. Music: A nice mix of 80's/trance/hip hop/alternative.. whatever. My only issue is that each song was only played in a 1 minute clip. Is our society that ADD that we can't handle an entire song? Are entire songs not trendy? Seriously I was sooo getting into singing Living on a Prayer (singing in Tryst is probably a no-no) and then it cuts to some random rap song from the 90's... my drunk self was so sad.Bathroom: So the bathroom line was weird. While I was in line these bouncer guys escorted these 2 really slutty chicks to the front and waited for them then escorted them back out... hrm.. so apparently there's some sort of VIP bathroom service? weird.Weirdest thing of the night: Not one but TWO tables of douche bag guys decided it was cool to throw $100 worth of ones in the air. These were independent occurances. WTF, seriously I know it's just $100 but there are so many more interesting ways to burn through it. They were photographing each other doing this, and thought they were the sh*t cause they were throwing money on the ground.. seriously Vegas attracts some really mentally ill douche bag types. Overall clubs aren't my scene, but I had a nice time.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2008,9/27/2008,14,20,1,7,4>Holy crap was this place awesome!Was about to eat @ the Golden Nugget buffet w/ my parents on a recent Vegas trip.  Then my aunt remembered where the "other' place was that they wanted to eat @ on their last trip out there.It is located in the lower level of the 4 Queens Casino in the old downtown area on Freemont St.  Upon arrival in this little basement restaurant, the ladies were given roses to take to our dinner table.  The place was very seductive looking, w/ very low lighting and some nice jazz playing softly in the backround.Three waiters took turns pouring our Evian water, handing us menus, and taking our cocktail orders.  The menu was a great mix of top notch seafood and Grade A cuts of meat.  I ordered the Tournados Hugo.... two 5 oz filets wrapped in bacon and topped w/ foie gras sereved w/ a delicious beef stock reduction.  Dad had the swordfish, aunt had the scallops, mom had veal oscar, and uncle had the veal chop.  Before dinner, your waiter comes tableside w/ a salad cart and prepares each salad separatly!  It's like going to the salad bar without actually getting up to go to the salad bad.  Friggen Awesome.  After the customized salad, the table is sereved a mini sorbet ice cream cones to cleanse the pallet.  Raspberry sorbet to be more specific.  How cute and delicious.  All of the diners were A- or better.  my foie gras left a bit to be desired, but that is about the only thing i could find wrong during the entire dinner.The prices look pretty hefty when you first sit down and look @ the menu,(most dinner are $40 and higher) but you have to realize how much you are actually getting w/ this dinner.  The amount of food was perfectly stuffing.  And even if you don't want desert, they bring you a tray of chocolate covered strawberries, figs and apricots w/ whipped cream!Other nice things:  Martinis come in small, iced carafes, so you can drink and then pour more when you are ready.  A wine steward actually brings your wine directly from the wine cellar, not your waiters.  Nice to have a wine steward so they can answer any questions you may have about your fermented grapes.When in Vegas, GO~!
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,9/26/2008,479,185,14,14,12>I woke from a drunken stupor not knowing where I was & how I got here.  The last thing I remember seeing prior to the temporary shut down of my eyelids was Blue Martini and the next thing I know, I ended up in the Philippines!  This place had all the makings of a typical Filipino disco lounge...the flowing San Miguel Beer, Filipino servers speaking Tagalog, and Karaoke!  We sat in the patio to get away from the interesting music selections by one of the restaurant patrons and because it was nice to be out there soaking up the mild summer heat.  The menu was a little blurry because the alcohol was starting to kick in a bit so all I could remember were the pretty steep prices & large selection of items.  I was a little disappointed that some of the entrees didn't come with rice because...well...Filipinos eat practically everything with rice!  Hearing "no sorry ma'am it doesn't come with rice" immediately snapped me out of my lethargic state and I almost keeled over in my seat.  I ended up ordering the topsilog (tocino w/ 2 fried eggs served over garlic fried rice) because of this.  I don't know if it was the alcohol or if I just didn't have high expectations but it was the best Topsilog I've ever had in my 26 years of existence!  The sizzling Sisig platter that the BF ordered was also just as good.  Who would've thought that the one of best Filipino food restaurants could be found slightly off the strip?!!  This will definitely be a a required stop the next time I'm in town...especially since I have yet to try the drinks there & the assortment of Pancit & desserts!!
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,9/24/2008,269,190,12,10,11>This establishment does not mess around with the heat rating. Having grown up "native," I'm the type to put food on my Tabasco. So when my boyz and I came down here one evening, we naively got 10s on all the dishes without a second thought. Several extra servings of rice, beers and crumpled sweaty napkins later, we conceded and affirmed the legitimacy of the chef's diabolical schemes.The Thai tea also is less sweet than the competition, a plus for my poor blasted taste buds. Though I felt good about not lying when saying "I was with several 10s that night," I definitely give thanks and praise to Archi for the curry brutality. My ass bleeds for you sincerely. Have I learned my lesson? Does the pope shit in the woods?
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,9/21/2008,1299,269,14,15,19>The AMAZING and newly revamped PLANET HOLLYWOOD RESORT and CASINO gets special honors as my 200th review! I recently stayed here for my very first time since PH took over the old Aladdin Hotel, and I must say the renovations are simply off the hook! The first changes I noticed was walking through the new Miracle Mile Shopping Mall. Although the shops and restaurants remain relatively similar from the old Aladdin Hotel days, some of the wall repaints gave it new life comparable to the feel of the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace...Upon entering the casino area, I was very impressed with how posh and modern this place has become with a mixture of futuristic and retro furnishings and decor, bright colors, and light fixtures. The music they pump out at the casino is loud and oozes out a party atmosphere off the bat! The overall layout of the place is very easy to navigate around, so no problems getting lost in here. In the heart of the casino is the Heart Bar, which I will also review later... The slots and tables are all brand spanking new...which leads to my favorite area of the casino, the gaming area where the dealers are all hot chicks in lingerie and go-go dancers all around! Very dangerous place to get distracted and lose all your money at, but man these girls just wanna make you fall in lust over and over again. So from the casino, the service desk is a short escalator ride down one floor where checking in is a breeze. The employees are very friendly and accomodating. I happen to get a really cute Filipina chick to help me out, and a little flirting does go a long way...my room was upgraded to a suite! Amazing what a smile and making her laugh will do. So off to the room I went and I must say the rooms here are very nice. Everything smells brand new and plush. 42" plasma screen, hot tub, and the most comfortable hotel bed I've been on! *sigh*This is definitely NOT your grandparents' or parents' typical Las Vegas hotel....The crowd here is young, beautiful, and hip! Everything here is just so gaddamn cool! The HOT women that stay and party here are just unfrikkenbelievable! Again I was falling in lust left and right...No wonder they chose this spot to film the movie "21" at. I've found my new favorite place to stay in Sin City!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2008,9/20/2008,384,243,8,10,11>I make my yearly trip out to vegas for our fantasy football draft.  We usually stay at the mandalay, but I always get cheap if not free rooms at the luxor (which is within walking distance internally to Mandalay)....so we always end up walking past this burger bar.  But ever since we saw it, we visit it every year.  We should be making our annual trip soon...but figured I would review it so I can update it later with my Kobe experience.I usually get the American Classic $12.75Ridgefield farm beef, American cheese, crispy bacon, tomato, onion, on sesame bun and that thing is delicious.  Or you can make your own and add topings as you wish.  This burger really hits the spot right before or during the draft.  Sometimes there is a wait as it is pretty popular.I will have to revisit and update on how it tastes compared to the burger places I've been to in so cali....and I will try the kobe this year.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,9/19/2008,546,800,5,11,9>We saved the best for last on the LV Cupcake Tour 2008!! Retro Bakery is AMAZING!We almost didn't make the trek to Retro simply because it was far from the other three places. But let me tell you, we were so glad we went!Retro is, indeed, retro inside. Funky furnishings, graphics on the walls, all quite simple at the same time. Retro had the best selection, so it was difficult to decide on what to get! Finally, we chose the Hop Scotch, Mint Chocolate Chip, Cinnamon Toast, and Creamsickle. The first thing I noticed about these cupcakes when were were handed them was their weight. These cupcakes were HEAVY! Incredibly dense, yet MOIST and fabulous cake. OMG if I was by myself, no doubt I would have been able to eat all four of these cupcakes myself... even after having eaten a total of three at other places!Hop Scotch- I was skeptical of the Hop Scotch cupcake because I am not a huge butterscotch fan. We I said before, ALL the cakes, including this one, were incredibly dense, yet moist. They reminded me so much of Magnolia's cupcakes in NYC.. yet (dare I say it)... BETTER?!?!?!?! The butterscotch ganache reminded me of Dairy Queen, when they "dip" the cone in the butterscotch/strawberry/chocolate. The butterscotch was nice and flavorful, but NOT overpowering. Made for a pretty picture, too!Cinnamon Toast- OMG. Probably my favorite cupcake at Retro. The cinnamon buttercream frosting was the best frosting I'ver ever had in my entire life. Ballsey statement, but seriously. It was THAT good. Topped with crunchy cinnamon and sugar dust, the texture was unbelievable! Again, this was on top of the fabulous vanilla cake. Mint Chocolate Chip- Mint Chocolate Chip ice cream is one of my favorites, so I knew I just had to try the cupcake version. This chocolate cake was soooooo much better than The Cupcakery's extremely dry chocolate. The mint buttercream icing was a vivid blue/green color and soooo tasty. Again love the addition of mini-chocolate chips. I'm thinking next time I bake, I must incorporate them. Creamsickle- I'm not sure if the Creamsickle is a specialty of the month because I'm not finding it on their menu, but I hope it's a perminant addition, because it was GREAT! It was probably the prettiest cupcake of our tour. Vanilla cake with HUGE orange and white swirl of orangey-tasting buttercream. Indescribable how good it was. All in all, this place probably has the best cupcakes I've ever had. Seriously. I work at a cupcake place and I'm saying this. My standards are high, and I was blown away. The owner said her goal is to get into the Planet Hollywood casino on the Strip, and I have no doubt at all that she'll achieve this if she continues to produce such an amazing product. Tourists would absolutely LOVE these cupcakes, and at $3.00/each, they are a phenomenal value. I think she should up her price $.25, and she could easily charge over $4 if she were on the Strip. AMAZING! If you are going to go to one cupcake place in Vegas, spend the extra gas money and go to Retro. You won't be disappointed. I'm still kicking myself for not lugging some back on the plane with me :(Side note: Are you seeing a trend? Cupcakes with OVERWHELMING, artificial flavors are not appealing! I understand they are cupcakes, and are supossed to be sweet, but it can get nauseating and sickening. Retro does it perfectly.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2008,9/18/2008,111,185,7,8,7>This is one of the few buffets that my classmates and I have not tried so we came and visited it one day after class.  It was around 12pm and we were starving! The line to pay wasn't long, but we waited about 5-10 minutes to get seated.  I was pretty impressed with the selection at this place.  I hated the lunch buffet at Green Valley, Mandalay Bay, and Planet Hollywood, so I expected this buffet to be completely disappointing.  I'm glad they proved me wrong!!Their sushi spread wasn't that great.  They had two platters full of tiny little sushi rolls.  But they had a bunch of stations that I seriously couldn't even get to because I was so full!! They served crab legs and oysters in one end, and BBQ tri tip and filet slices on the other.  Their pasta station wasn't that great though, all they had that day was spaghetti with meatballs. Their dessert station was okay.  Their sugar free stuff did not taste very good but their gelatos, chocolate pastries, and cookies were yummy!  It was still a good experience. Another buffet to check off my list.  I only have two more months left here in Vegas, and I have 2-3 more casino buffets to hit up before leaving!
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,9/17/2008,13,36,4,8,5>So this place is known for having the best Thai food in the country, possibly.  Of course, with reviews like that, I tried not to expect TOO much when I first ate there, so I wouldn't be disappointed.  I mean, how could it be the best Thai food in the country?  The place is located in Commercial Center, the weirdest, sleaziest strip mall in Vegas, right by the Green Door sex club and the wig shop.  But... the food is FABULOUS.  It might be the best Thai in Vegas.  In the country?  Who knows.  Try the Drunken Noodles- they are oh so good.  Be sure to make a reservation because you may not get in otherwise.  Service also excellent.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,9/16/2008,424,1322,9,11,13>The Wynn=I WIN!!!The man and I wanted to check out this gorgeous hotel. It is gorgeous and we enjoyed walking around and taking in all the sites. Since we were new to the casino, we decided to sign up for their promotions card called RED which was toting sign up and get $10.00 worth of free slot play.So, many of you know I am a girl who plays poker and other live action games. I do not typically play slots, but if I do, there is one type of slot I will play (Jackpot Party) and I will do the $0.25 draw poker machines. I decided to put $20 into a draw poker machine, bet the max $1.25 and kept hitting small stuff. My guy was off at another machine and when he finally found me (20 minutes later), and sat down next to me, I was about $40.00 up. Next thing I know, bam, I hit a royal flush and win the jackpot for the day which was about $1,100.00. Talk about fun luck! I then took that $10.00 free slot play to the Jackpot Party machine, put in their $10.00 and a $20.00 bill of mine and ended up cashing out of the $.05 machine for $230.00! Long story short, I came home with just as much money as I left for Vegas with and I paid for all of our tips, taxis and misc. stuff with other winnings. I love the Wynn!I have lots and lots of reviews to write and cannot manage to do them all tonight. I am hitting some main points and must be honest, we did not stay here, this review is mainly for the casino and for the downstairs itself.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/14/2008,502,326,10,10,10>NEVER FAILS...Every time I come to Vegas I always eat the Rio Seafood Buffet and I have NOT ONCE been disappointed.  Thank you for staying true to the food lovers =)The hot steaming Alaskan King Crab legs are thick and juicy and the Lobster tails are my fav.  They have a huge selection of Sushi and Sashimi =)I've gotten so good at crackin the crabs the people sitting next to me just stared at me in amazement and said, "Wow you're a pro at this!" which I replied, "I should be I've been coming here for over 5 yrs!"  Seriously I think I'd whoop anyone's ass in a crab leg eating contest.... I got it down.... crack the middle part, slide the meat out nice and long ('that's what she said' haha) and dip in butter and into my tummy all in one quick smooth motion!  OMG I am such a fatty!  hahaha  I love it
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2008,9/13/2008,540,312,8,7,6>My name is Kelly I got a belly to eat some good foodwith staff that aint rudesha sha shibuya role call.My name is Gina I like food Lean-athe sushi's real freshand the flavors all meshsha sha shibuya role call.my name is cheryl* i drink by the barryli am so damn fulli need to fart. *crickets* Ok that's as far as we got. The summer menu was only $60.00 a person and it consisted of enough food to feed an army. Again, my diligent attempt at self control did not prevail. As each beautiful dish was placed upon us, my eyes glazed, hands shifted and my mouth moved faster than a fat kid runs to cake.  All in a lady-like way of course...Anyway the food was indeed delicious and innovative, ambiance was beautiful and the fish was fresh. I especially enjoyed the appetizers of sashimi and the pork tenderloin with its amazing soft and almost creamy texture.  Bill came close to $500.00 for the 7 of us. Really, not bad for the amount of food we got! *Real names have been changed for embarassment purposes
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,9/12/2008,29,19,2,4,4>OK, this is--THE NEW SPOT!!!-- Really 4.75 stars!!! They have lunch a specials-1/2 off menu for sushi... Mon-Sat. before 3pm.The Mexican Roll is a new favorite of myself and the husband!!!! It comes on wantons, no rice... its spicy tuna, onion, mango, jalapeños and im sure a few other things! Its absolutely AMAZING!!! I didnt think i would like it, that was until i saw someone else order it asked what it was and then tried it... OMG, thats all i can say! The Superman Roll is just amazing also!!! (our favorite by far and we save it for last) They have great Nigiri as well!!!! The Salmon literally melts in your mouth, the garlic tuna is wonderful, the super white tuna, great!!! They have very high quality fresh fish! I just cant say enough good about this place!!!And and and... If you go there enough you get your very own set of special chopsticks with your name on them that you get to store there, pick up when you come in, use and they wash and keep them there for you for next time your in!! We got ours today!!!!!!! :) I cant wait to go back and use them! Next time i am going to try the Salmon-Bomb!! Which i noticed once i was too full this time! Husband said we could come on sat or mon next week to have lunch and try it!!!! So now Im really looking forward to going back next week for lunch!!!!!!!!!! We ate a LOT, and i mean a LOT of stuff... like 6 orders of Nigiri and 2 orders of Mexican Roll, a Superman Roll (not on special, so it was $15) and like 3 other rolls as well........ $65 total/tax incl. Not bad at all!SushiWa, I thank you for coming into my life just when i needed you..... I was just saying to the husband today when we were leaving that we would have to bring Brian (from the Ka) with us to SushiWa so we could see him and hang out and not have to go to the "awful Ka" ...... just a thought?!??
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2008,9/11/2008,383,404,8,10,8>As I rushed through the depths of Mandalay Bay, late for one of my closest friend's wedding I started to get out of breath - where was THE chapel??? These 3-inch heels aren't going to make it much further.After what was a good ten minute sprint we arrived, heaving oxygen into our lungs to a lobby decorated in dark wood and creamy colors.  The smiling receptionist told us our wedding party was located in the "gold" room.  Seems as if this facility has two or so rooms on each side so they can accommodate many ceremonies. The rooms are pleasant enough - the theme of dark wood/creams follows through and behind the pulpit there is a big window that can look out to some tropical foliage.  Our particular room looked like it could've held about 35-50 people. Honestly it occurred to me at one point they looked a little funereal (which I guess some people think when they are getting married, death of being single and all)  There is a piano in the back where my friend had a player come in to play the bridal entrance as well as provide some background music during the vows.What I did like was the bride and groom rooms. Now of course when you think Vegas you think Elvises and drunken "I dos" and "did I just do that?" the next morning, but this was straight out elegant.  My friend had a nice, quiet place to dress, do her make-up and try to calm those pre-wedding nerves.The ceremony itself of course was beautiful and I would put some photos up --oh wait, we weren't allowed to film video or take stills during the vows because of course on top of the package they had already sold the couple, they wanted to be able to get plenty of add-ons out of them. Fine, dandy, I guess you can make your money but if we want to take shots from our point of view I don't know why that's a big deal. (Although my view was marred by tears the whole time)    The officiator was very nice and ran the vows perfectly, stopping to give my girl time to wipe her tears and compose a little so she could say her personal vows.All in all definitely my friend's sleek style and the package deals seemed pretty good - you know, if you are the 1% who comes to Vegas sober and planning to wed.....
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,9/10/2008,261,194,5,6,5>When I'm in Vegas, I try to avoid restaurants on the strip...overpriced (I mean scary overpriced) and understandably touristy. I wanted to eat like the locals do. So my friends and I headed over to Rosemary's...rumored to be one of the best restaurants in Vegas.Our entire table ordered the five course meal which was an easy way out; I mean, we were staring at that menu for a looooong time because everything sounded so good. Believe it or not, it was actually a good value (strange term to be used in an upscale restaurant) and featured the chef's favorite items. And as someone had mentioned elsewhere, you can choose a wine or beer pairing if you like. None of us did or we wouldn't have made it out the door to our next destination. Strangely enough, as great as the food was, that's not what impressed me the most. The service was really....different. Usually I go to these expensive restaurants, and expect it to be kinda stuffy; I feel a bit like a kid, struggling to sit properly. But Rosemary's isn't like that. The service is stellar. They cater to your every whim just like they do at any other upscale restaurant, but the dining room isn't darkened with hushed voices from other patrons. It's lively and bright, just like the servers. Our adorable server was full of anecdotes and little stories about the dishes and of his own interesting past in the restaurant business. His Italian accent and his gestures were so cute and jovial, I just wanted to squish him in a box and take him home. (Okay, that sounded weird, but you get my point.)
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2008,9/9/2008,150,151,5,5,5>I had such an incredible, relaxing weekend at the Green Valley Ranch.  The large, sprawling complex was beautiful. The room was spacious, with a great view of the Strip and of the gardens.  The complex contained several fantastic restaurants (loved the huevos rancheros at the Grand Cafe and the Swedish Pancakes at the Original Pancake House) and the staff was so nice and accommodating.  And the pool area...wow!  Big lounge "beds" are scattered all over the grounds and a sandy beach right there at the edge of the main pool.  Plus they have this secluded, walled-in area called The Pond.   It was such an oasis. A shallow wading pool with a waterfall, several lounge beds that were actually in the pool, a ring of beds around the pool...and misters everywhere.  The misters cool everything down and make it absolutely impossible to want to leave your poolside bed.  I could have lounged for hours!  On the downside, the Green Valley Ranch is a pretty good distance away from the Vegas Strip.  I overheard mutterings of $30 cab rides.  Luckily we were there to visit family friends who happily shuttled us around.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,9/8/2008,459,979,10,6,6>to visit vegas twice in less than 3 months is impressive. to stay for at least a week's time during each visit is painful.thank you to venetian for making both of my work trips bearable.from the all suites rooms to the various pools, from the shops (think palazzo and canal shoppes) to the award winning restaurants (think mario batali and wolfgang puck), from the gambling to the shows (loved jersey boys), venetian made me alittle happier while in vegas.on my last day in vegas, the bf and i decided to do an early morning jog along the strip. we ran from the venetian to the new york new york hotel. while it was still hot at 8:30am, there wasn't much pedestrian traffic. however, we did run into a lady that was trying to hustle us to watch a show near the MGM. this was part of our conversation:random lady: "hi are you guys married?"us: "nope"random lady: "oh, are you guys just living together then?"us: "nope"random lady: "ok..(long pause) well then that explains why you guys are so damn happy!"us: (laughing our asses off)we definitely got a good laugh on that one. i guess you just never know what to expect (or hear) when you're in vegas!
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2007,9/7/2008,67,278,8,6,3>This is a public service announcement:In a rush?  Want to establish a life long commitment but don't have the time for it?   Need to make it  "official" with your significant other?  The queue too long for a green card?   Are you a Six Sigma Black Belt and want to practice what you preach? What can be better than a drive thru wedding?   They boast having COMPLETE wedding services available.   A formal wedding package is only $299!!!   Why do you want to even to go to 1789?.....or Ago Restaurant?....or a show at the Bellagio??....or get an Earl Sheib paint job???......when for the same money you can get married!!!  A great meal or show only lasts a couple of hours maybe 3 tops.   An Earl Sheib might get you through the winter.  A wedding is a gift that keeps on giving (especially if you are on the right end of the alimony payments)   This place redefines the concept of One-Stop Shopping.   Ambience:   Well you were the one that wanted to rent from Budget so don't blame us!!!Speed of Service:  How fast can you drive your car???Intimacy:   As intimate as you want.   Rent a car with a front bench seat for being really up close and personal.   I guess you can use the back seat but be sure to hire a driver and get tinted windows please.Wedding Party/Witnesses:  Plenty to choose from on Main Street around the corner.Reception Facilities:   A drive through In-N-Out Burger is down the street on Flamingo.......How good does this get?????Please stay tuned for future expansion plans for this business:In Los Angeles, there will be the Wedding Drive-By services.In New York, this will be a new menu item at Pinkberry.On TV, there will be a QVC or Home Shopping Network Option.   You can get married all at once or stretch out the ceremony across 4 easy payments.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,9/6/2008,8,35,2,8,4>This is the casino where I do most of my gambling.  It is great for a low-roller/cheapskate like me, who likes to play $5 blackjack and 9/6 Jacks or Better video poker.  They also have an inexpensive daily Texas Hold'Em poker tournament ($22 entry fee) and a Craps class that finally made me feel comfortable enough to play.  They also have a good selection of the latest slot machines.One note:  on my most recent visit, most of the blackjack tables had gone up from $5 to $10.  So the $5 blackjack may be on the way out.  Fortunately, just before we left town, we found the South Point has plenty of $5 blackjack, although the slot and video poker selection is not quite as good..The meals are likewise a good value.  The Cafe coffee shop offers good food at reasonable prices.  The Cortez Room offers nice prime rib dinners, also at very reasonable prices.  They also have an ice cream shop and a Seattle's Best Coffee.  The Chinese restaurant servers an authentic Dim Sum.  A hot dog stand by the sports book offers good, cheap hot dogs.  Cocktail service at the slot machines and poker tables is usually good.Another plus is the free musical entertainment provided by a jazz band in the main lounge.  Great to stop off and listen with some food from the hot dog stand or ice cream shop.Combine all this with a staff that is generally friendly and helpful, and you have a great place for casual, new, or low-roller gamblers to play.There were significant changes underway during my visit a few days ago.  The coffee shop and Cortez Room have been relocated across the casino.  A TGI Fridays is under construction.I haven't stayed in the hotel.  Last year, when I asked to see a room, I thought it looked small and old.  They are advertising that newly renovated rooms will be available July 1, 2008.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2008,9/4/2008,113,96,14,16,13>Newest casino in Vegas - six reasons to hit up the east side's version of Red Rock:yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm1. Ok well it's no Red Rock.  The Boulder Hwy casinos are like a newer version of downtown, with more modern amenities and a more mixed crowd, but still kinda cheap.  So if you like low limit gambling like $5 blackjack, craps, and roulette, and 1-2 NL and 2-4 L poker, this place is for you.  This new "Eastside Cannery" is the latest, with a cool "Rosie the Riveter" retro theme.2. On this opening Thursday night, the place was really hoppin.  The blackjack and craps tables were all completely full:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmBursting at the seams even:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmI've been to the Palazzo a number of times and I've never seen the tables there even half full, honestly.  This place will give the big casinos on the Strip with their high limits a run for their money.3. Nice little sportsbook:  yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmJust after this photo was taken, the lady in pink yelled "Bet it all on the pretty horsey!!" and then collapsed in a cloud of second hand smoke and foundation powder, which I thought was exciting.The half pound burgers at the Deli next door are solid, very Whopper:yelp.com/biz_photos/Zvnm4. Nice little poker room:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmThe 6 tables were split three 1-2 NL (looked like some pretty good action) and three 2-4 limit (also known as "a slow way to die").  I briefly considered playing but then remembered how much I hate that game nowadays.5. Slots!  Lots and lots of slots!  Ebay slots:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmI'm amused that ebay slots are no different than any other slots, same rules, they just have pictures of purses and shoes on them.And Lucky Fortune slots:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmAnd Wheel of Fortune slots:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmI would play slots but I like games where you can, like, win.6. A 500 seat bingo hall for the Hells Angels mainline heroin crowd:yelp.com/biz_photos/ZvnmSo the Eastside Cannery is "doubling down" on the old school Vegas staple of cheap low limit gambling that the Strip seems to consider beneath itself at this point.  No uber rich Asian businessmen or Middle Eastern oil magnates here, just the low rollers.This night that approach seemed to be working, with not an empty table in the house.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,9/3/2008,1083,1164,5,7,9>I absolutely loved this restaurant. My dining experience here was so close to perfection. We had our first dinner here, and after a long day of travel, we were hungry (and you don't want to mess with six hungry Asian girls). If it's a warm night, make sure to get a table on the terrace. It is so beautiful and the water show is so much fun. It's a little strange and quirky, but after a few drinks, it is awesome entertainment. There was a table full of middle aged folks next to us, and at one point, a couple got up and started dancing in the dining area. Our dinner had turned into a party :)This restaurant is elegant, and feels warm when you walk in. The servers were very nice, but they are SO busy. It took them a while to get to our order, the the food came out fast after we did get the server.Great cocktail menu, even better dinner menu. I highly recommend the Hamachi Cru - it is thin slices of Yellowtail with an avocado puree, orange slices with thin slices of a baguette. The portion size is pretty generous, and it is absolutely delicious. For the main course, I had the pancetta wrapped Halibut. It was very flavorful,  moist and cooked perfectly. It came in a green pea puree with other seasonal vegetables. We were too full for dessert, but the menu looked SO good. Also, the Wynn looks like a fabulous hotel.. I'll have to stay there on my next trip :)
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2008,9/2/2008,62,32,10,7,8>god Im so torn. initially I went to the mesa grill in ny for brunch and wouldn't shut up about how amazing it was. SPICY CHICKEN SWEET POTATO HASH!!!! sweet, savory, ORGASMIC. yes it was THAT good. the bread basket made me do the happy dance for a good 10 minutes. I think we asked for atleast 3 of these among 2 girls. so f'n good. they even had this awesome jalapeno relish jam ditty to spread on it that was just heavenly. for sides, the grits are just amazing. again, savory and just really really nice. it was my first experience with grits and I was in love.when I found out there was also one in vegas, I was all over that like a hobo on ham sammich. next vegas trip, I was there for brunch. the spicy chicken sweet potato hash was JUST as good. think of an eggs benedict to the nth power. god, Im getting antsy just thinking about it! the bread basket was just as tasty but they didnt have the jam. oh well. went back ANOTHER time a few months later with a group of 20. raved about the spicy chicken sweet potato hash. about 18 people ordered it and there were smiles all around. this should have stopped here...ok so the mistake....COMING FOR DINNER. bleh. friends wanted to check out this place for dinner on the last vegas trip and I must admit after reading the reviews was a bit wary. so here's the lowdown. he has a few amazing standout dishes but everything else is just MEDIOCRE and dull.cactus pear martini- strong as hell. it was good. not o-m-g but it was good.black widow mojito- tastyfresca- this messican koolaid was not too shabby either. definitely stronger than ur average koolaid though =Pbread basket- just so so, not as good as the brunch one but the jalapeno white bread was very tasty. the corn jalapeno muffin thing just crumbles and is a bit dry and tasteless.appetizers:- mushroom grits with poached egg- ORGASMIC. I swear I would have licked the plate if I could. instead I used the bread to mop it up.- ceviche sampler- CRAP crap crap.entrees:- veal chop- average at best. sauce was meh. it was really just so so. the wild rice tamale that came with it was okay. - 16 spice duck breast- i HEART duck. the sauce was delicious, they cooked it a good rare plus the way I asked. it was nice but a little tougher than how I like my duck. I would give this dish 3.5-4 stars. the goat cheese chorizo tamale that came with this was just aiiiiiiite.  I liked the duck more than my friend who picked the restaurant initially. she literally just left half of the dish. after the meal, she said she utterly disappointed and PISSED. eep.the food was meh at best (except the grits). other than the ceviche nothing was really BAD BAD but c'mon for the money and bobby's big ass mouth and cockiness, STEP IT UP!!!! (yeah I said it)final thoughts:- stick to brunch. order the spicy chicken sweet potato hash with grits. get on that bread basket as many times as u can!-  if u ever see grits or any type of poached egg on the menu, GET ON THAT!!!- bobbly flay is still a cocky ass bastard and although has a few really good dishes, needs to work on the consistency of ALL his dishes. throw down NUTTIN....seriously
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2008,9/1/2008,1199,60,5,8,6>My coworkers always tell me the best place to get Hawaiian Food in Vegas is at the California Hotel (thecal.com) at a restaurant called Aloha Specialties. (thecal.com/display.cfm?i) About 80% of the Hawaiians that come to Vegas make a pilgrimage to this hotel. Interesting... Anyways, Aloha Specialties is decent size that can seat about 100 people or so. Surprisingly they need it cuz the line is always out the door. We waited about 15 minutes to put our order in and then another 10 minutes for them to bring it out to our table. The food is amazing and the dishes are about $7 each. They have a huge selection and since we couldnt order the whole menu, we decided on: The Beef Stew, Korean Beef and Korean Chicken, and the Special Mix Plate. I would definitely come eat here again.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2007,8/31/2008,73,154,3,4,2>We were so sketched by the fact that this highly regarded restaurant was in Circus Circus (!) of all places, that we actually did a drive by a few hours before our dinner reservation to make sure it would be OK to eat here.   Wow, this place was more than OK, it turned out to be fantastic!   This is definitely your traditional old school steak house, warmly decorated in dark greens and mahogany.   We were seated right above where the chef cooks the meet over a mesquite charcoal grill, it's nice because you can watch them prepare your meal. Dinner starts out with an assortment of breads, followed by a mixed house salad.    I had the "Petite Prime Rib" which actually should be called the HUGE Prime Rib.  It was perfectly medium rare, juicy and delicious and came with a side of mashed potatoes that I practically licked off of the plate.   My husband's Filet Mignon was melt in your mouth good. Dinner for two was $115 before tip.which is affordable when compared to the other upscale steakhouses on the strip (especially considering that you don't have to order your salad and potatoes a la carte).  The service was great, definitely not pretentious at all.   The servers look like they have been at this for a long time, and were genuinely very nice to us.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2008,8/30/2008,395,256,5,8,8>I LOVE this hotel!  We stayed here for a bachelorette party, and it was perfect.  The room was ultra comfy.  Four girls, along with all of our luggage, fit comfortably within our room.  The beds were ultra comfy -- pillow top with tons of down pillows.  Some of my best sleep was at this hotel.The bathrooms were really nice.  Two sinks, magnifying mirrors, and an LCD screen.  Big, walking shower, and a jacuzzi tub.  The soaps were really nice too.  I think the shampoo smelled like grapefruit.  The toilet was in a separate room, which was useful when getting ready.  Our only complaint was the ventilation for that small room - bring a book of matches!  There was a desk and a comfy couch, which pulled into the bed.  The room also had its own bar area and kitchenette.  My friend was able to make jello shots and margaritas with no problem...lol.  That's a great thing about Vegas - you can BYOB! There was a Starbucks downstairs, as well as a gift shop.  We went to the MGM lazy river, which you get free access to as a Signature guest.  Go early! When it's hot, that place fills up quickly.  I can't wait to go back to Vegas, just so that I can stay here.  It's worth every penny!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2008,8/29/2008,177,365,15,12,8>The place is small, people.  If it weren't for that patio, it would be tiny.We came here about a week after it opened for some Sunday night industry party.  I had never been to Tangerine before, so I didn't realize how small it was going to be!  I wouldn't put this in my top 5 favorite Vegas clubs...it's just too small to be exciting.  The decorations are ok...you know...everything is all Ed Hardy and shit.But what really threw me off was the midnight T.I. pirate show.  Here we were, partying our asses off on the large patio at my friend's table...doing shots and dancing to the thumping music.  And then, out of nowhere, the music stops, and the f'ing pirate show begins!  For ten minutes, there was no music, and we had to watch this awkward pirate show going on in the water about 20 ft away from the club's outdoor patio.  It was soooo random and awkward- totally killed the vibe as well as our buzz.  And, the pirate show got all freaky when the pirate orgy began...yea...totally weird man.  Funny, but at the same time annoying, especially because the show drew about 500 tourists standing around on the street and bridge staring at all of us clubgoers until the show began, so we had these poor young children staring us down as I downed shot after shot and acted a fool...But anyways...the size of the club and the pirate show kind of killed it for me.  I'll probably be back, but there's no way I'd ever pay cover or wait to get in this place.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,8/28/2008,1362,984,3,9,11>Grabbing a quick bite before The Danny Gans Show, a quick look at the menu brought us into STACK.  Without reservations and only part of our party ordering dinner, we were allowed to sit anywhere in the bar area.  This worked out well with a few large tables that sit about six that were available for everyone.The BF was starving and the Prix Fixe special (5 pm to 6 pm) was looking rather appetizing.  They offered two appetizers to choose from, and he went for the Hot Rocks ($17), which is advertised as "Thinly Sliced Sirloin, Tableside Preparation."  The waiter comes by with a plate of hot rocks, and then another plate of about six slices of marinated sirloin.  You're then supposed to place the meat on the hot rock for a few moments to cook it.  The meat tasted so good that we barely seared it as the meat was pretty flavorful on the rear end!Of the two entrees, he chose the 9 oz. Petite Filet Bone-Out ($40), medium rare.  It looked rather small when it arrived, which a single potato chip on top of it.  But we realized with its thickness, that it was actually a hearty piece.  It came with two sauces, both which were very tasty.Of the two dessert choices, he went for the highly recommended Jelly Doughnut "Munchkin" Holes...mmmmmm jelly ($8).  It came with about four doughnut holes filled with red jelly and a vanilla bean dipping sauce.  The BF would have loved it if the vanilla bean sauce was already inside the doughnut holes!Our friend and I decided to try drinks from their Cocktail Menu.  She went for the Impeared ($12), "Grey Goose Poire, Fresh Pear Nectar, Muddled Pear & Sage."  It was complimented with an Asian pear slice and was really tasty.  (She actually ordered it again, but the second one was stronger and not as sweet.)  I ordered the Bellini ($12), "Absolut Peach, Fresh White Peach Puree & Sparkling Wine."  Really good stuff!  It made me want to buy some of this stuff and make it at home all the time.  What a treat!  We shared the Mixed Greens Salad ($12), "Teardrop Tomatoes, Avocado, Shallot Vinaigrette."  When I told the waitress we were going to share it, I was surprised to see two plates of salad to arrive.  The waitress confirmed that it was indeed one order split in two.  What  a generous portion of salad!  We were all surprised and it was quite good too!  The salad was dressed perfectly, not too little and not too much. And the avocado, tomatoes, and cucumbers all complimented it so perfectly.  (If we had each ordered our own salad, I think we wouldn't have made it to dessert then!)For dessert, we also ordered the Mini Key Lime Pies ($8) with "Margarita" Sorbet.  However, our friend only saw the "sorbet" part and didn't even realize she ordered the pies!  It came with three miniature pies with a meringue topping that was pretty good.  The yummy sorbet sat on sweet pineapple bits that complimented the dessert perfectly!  The sweet crispy thing on top tasted great as well! Overall, we were pretty impressed with the food.  I have eaten at FIX over at The Bellagio, and recalled there were some memorable bites from their menu too.Service was pretty good. The waitresses were attentive and 'stacked.'  I think they were training a new waitress, so there was an extra set of hands available.  I would definitely return to STACK again, whether it's to enjoy a couple of their cocktails, grab a quick bite, or split a dessert.Sidenote: There's a yellow lighting issue at this restaurant, which makes everything you order look yellow.  After taking pictures of the food with a flash, then you can really see how great everything looks!  (And of course I posted the pics of the food in the business profile!)
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2008,8/27/2008,114,255,7,7,5>i've noticed that i am a wordy yelper. this is my attempt to be a less-wordy and effective yelper. this isn't the wynn nor the palazzo.it's cheap and off the strip. listen to yelp and stay in the newly remodeled tower rooms!!! -the end-shoot... who am i kidding??! i can't be concise.i am super crazy and came out to vegas to have a dinner with friends at hugo's cellar. and let me tell you the dinner was totally worth the trip. anyways, i needed a place to stay for a night so 12 hours before the dinner i went online and looked for the cheapest place to stay. 10 hours later i was at palace station's lobby, using my charm to convince the front desk clerk to upgrade my courtyard room to a tower room for free. and my charm did work and he did upgrade the room for free. however if your charm doesn't work, then you can upgrade your courtyard room to a tower room for less than $20.the room had modern simplistic concept (my pictures are posted). i think it's better than standard rooms in mirage. maybe.. i might need another dinner trip to vegas.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,8/26/2008,23,36,5,5,5>Cathouse is not exactly a Vegas hot spot. But it's a great place to go after a wild night of partying, or even to go get yourself into the mood. Its got the right amount of people, a fun crowd, and you can actually move around and dance without getting trampled on by some drunken bachelorette. And honestly, do you really want to party with Paris Hilton? How many times do you need to see her crotch or various other parts of her body before you get bored? Cathouse is totally underrated. And where else can you buy underwear right on the dance floor? Good for those girls who don't plan on putting out and change their mind once they see hot boys.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2008,8/25/2008,207,271,7,8,8>This is the prime place to stay in LV if you are: 1) looking for a cheap but tolerable place on the strip.2) hanging with a large group of friends that you need to take over a floor with.I don't even know where to start with Harrah's! The first time I went to vegas with all of my friends we took over one of the floors. well not completely, but with as loud as we were I think it's safe to say we did. They price was a little under 100 per night during the weekdays in May. Really good and affordable considering we had all these other activities (drinking and clubbing) that we would be spending major bank on during our week's stay. Harrah's is located on the strip across from Cesars, near McD's and this food plaza place, and not too far from the M&M factory.. my fave! The standard room ( i think) had 2 queen beds, a view of .. well nothing really, and your basic shower/tub. The room service here was really good to us. My bf and I got chocolate syrup and caramel all over one of the beds so we slept in the other bed! haha... the next day after roomservice came the sheets were all clean and crisp!! I almost feel bad for having so much fun in the room... haha. The last time I stayed at Harrah's I got hooked up with the honeymoon suite! King size four post bed, shower, hot tub, living room, and mini kitchen. I didn't spend too much time in the room but when I did it was pretty comfortable :).The staff has always been accomodating and really the location is great. If you're in vegas you shouldn't be spending too much time in the hotel anyway and if you are in your room your room mate should be making you forget about the tacky decor.... lol. am i right?! haha.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2008,8/24/2008,168,74,12,11,9>I've only had 2 facials in my lifetime, the first one was pure bliss (@ Bliss in NYC), and the second one was probably part of the reason I haven't made an effort to get a third.The spa facilities here are excellent, as good as it gets for sure. There is no way you wouldn't be relaxed and feel pampered to the extreme.Now I wonder how in the heck did the woman who gave me my facial get a job there? The facial she gave me was not peaceful at all. I expect a little pain, but I felt like I was being tortured. She was sloppy and aggressive with the lotions and how she applied them. I ended up getting lotion in my eyes so I had to have her stop while I rinsed them out. AND she talked soooo much. You would think she'd have the common sense to take the hint after my repeated one-word responses to her nonstop interrogation.My rating of my experience with her is a single star, but I'd give the amenities here at Spa Mandalay 5 stars, so overall, 3 stars and my explanation seems like a fair review.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2008,8/23/2008,338,829,5,3,7>Went here last week right before closing (we didn't know!) and service was excellent! Yanno.. usually when you're the last ones they rush you.. but not here! We sat down behind a couple of guys that finished the Pounder and they got their picture taken to put on the wall. They flashed the lights and shouted out so the whole place could here. It was entertaining..I'd say this place gets 3.5 stars. Amazed at the amount of toppings they offer.. but the burger patty itself was a little disappointing. =(The toppings helped alot with enhancing the flavor but I prefer a burger that almost doesn't need any toppings and then I pile em on anyway. lol. Loved that guacamole was included in the FREE toppings cuz usually its almost $1 extra. yum! Also had the onion rings and fries. The cheese sauce is deeeeelicious! Fries were fresh and hot and kinda crispy but not toooo crispy. Perfect!I definitely will go back to try to eat the Pounder. I saw there was only one chick up on that wall and I'm about to be second!
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,8/21/2008,299,1732,6,7,6>YT had a soft opening this weekend.  Sneaky.  Couldn't get past me-I called and CONQUERED!!!  The whole restaurant was completely gutted and it looks gorgeous inside!  Like it's predecessor, Shintaro, there are two levels of dining, plus alfresco!  The service was top notch.  I would say the ONLY blip would be that they brought us the hot towels TWICE, oh no, doubly clean hands!!!The menu and sake list are extensive, definitely enticed me to make return trips so that I can try EVERYTHING.I have pictures of our evening's omakase.  I especially enjoyed the tai snapper sashimi, the uni and striped bass were nice counterpoints from each other.  Kobe was like BUTTAH.  The portions are SMALL, artfully presented, executed well and really well balanced in flavors.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,8/20/2008,852,239,18,10,14>In all fairness, I haven't been here since I was an angelic child that demonstrated the obvious traits of a genius/future world leader. But, my memories are good. See, I was born and raised in good old LV NV, and we used to come out to Old Nevada every here and there for a little charm. I remember the choo choo and the goose that bit my A-hole brother right in his junk (I don't recall what he did to the goose, but I am fully confident that he deserved it.) I remember the drive out there, we would stop by the side of the road and feed fruit to donkeys that dwelled by the highway. You haven't lived until you've had a donkey trying to get into your Dad's car just to get another apple. Nor can you really call it a family outing unless your Mom comments on the size of the donkey's donkey parts. I'm sure that if I went back now, I'd be disappointed. It probably smells bad and is hotter than sin. I don't like sweat or dirt,  but now that both of my parents have passed away, the memories are precious and the thought of this place is endearing.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2008,8/19/2008,84,244,9,13,13>We were able to catch the American Modernism exhibit at the Bellagio and it was a nice break from the heat and the casinos.  You know, I hate going to a museum and trudging through all the art and everything starts to look the same after a while. This exhibit was a small collection and I think it was just the right size. You didn't feel overwhelmed at all. You are really able to take the time to look and digest each of the pieces. I enjoyed seeing familiar names like Georgia O'Keeffe and learning about artists I had never heard about like Stuart Davis. They provide you with a little headset that you can use as your own personal (or impersonal) docent. Definitely a nice place to get away from the hustle and bustle and see some great art!
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,8/18/2008,213,365,10,13,10>I totally thought of Kristen S. when I was here.  In true Oakland-style, I was searching for my post-drinking donut before heading off to bed.  Normally, Kristen and I would head to Colonial Donuts on Lakeshore for our last stop before bed (not the same bed, pervs!).  But I was in Vegas and Kristen couldn't make the trip, so I was missing home and my donut buddy.What is a girl to do?  FIX has warm donuts with dipping sauce on their dessert menu!  You don't have to tell me twice.  I was there!  More expensive than Colonial, but totally worth it.  Paired with a tawny port, it hit the spot.Maybe next time, Kris can go with me to FIX for our late night donut fix.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,8/16/2008,971,1413,9,8,9>Fantastic place!  My friends and I booked this place for a Bachelorette Party.  We thought i'd be a fun, unique way to celebrate with the bride to be - also, it'd help her take some lessons home to her soon to be husband, rawr!When we first drove into the stripmall we thought uh-oh because the area looked kind of hidden and ghetto.  It's located right next to the laundromat and the windows of the studio were completely blackened out.  We, being 8 little Asian girls, were kind of hesitant.  However, this is a lesson learned on how NOT to judge a book by its cover!We walked in promptly at 9pm, which was our set appointment time.  We filled out some liability papers, gave our individual $50 for the lesson, and got started.  The lesson lasted an hour.  There were 8 poles in the studio, perfect for the 8 of us!Our instructor was this petite, cute blonde who was soo helpful and made us feel completely at ease.  She taught us these really cool pole swings and moves.  It really works your upper body!  No wonder she was so toned, dang!  She also gave us a lap dancing lesson, hahaha now that was an interesting experience I will never forget...
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,8/14/2008,41,113,6,7,7>Just putting in another good word.AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME!There's even a vertical pinball game, I almost threw out my shoulder trying to make those damn flippers get the ball higher.My favorite, though, was FUNHOUSE.  There is even a little hand made sign that says "Put your balls in Rudy's mouth."  What's not to love!??It's completely non-profit, believe it. Don't miss this place!  They even have a bunch of 80's arcade games in the last row.    My only word of caution is, there are little kids around, so if you swear a lot when you play, as i do, you might want to wear some kind of gag.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,8/13/2008,17,7,,2,4>I too had the opportunity to try this place out thanks to a last minute opening in Poly's meetup group.  Thanks for organizing!The atmosphere is terrific, complete with a live singer who comes right up to each table and serenades each and every woman.  Dim lighting also adds to the romance factor, though it's a little hard to gauge since we were there with a large group.  It does seem like the kind of place that would make a terrific date, though.The food was delicious, and because we ordered family style I had the chance to try a bunch of different dishes.  The desserts were especially tasty, and I was surprised to find that the chocolate cake was by far the best (over the cheesecake and canoles, usually my favorites!).
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,8/12/2008,106,183,10,11,11>On my recent trip to Las Vegas I stayed at a friend's house located about 20 minutes off the strip in Henderson. During an early Sunday morning outing for greasy food to quell my hangover I noticed a sign amongst all the others clustered in the strip mall. I was so intrigued with the idea of Cheesecake and Crime that I just had to stop in. It's a neat little shop with a few well tended bookshelves filled with mystery and crime novels, small tables, and a scrumptious display of cheesecakes. I, unfortunately, did not try the cheesecake as I had just eaten a grease laden meal and was more than full upon entering. However, I was greeted by an interesting fellow dressed in a pin-stripe suite accented with a brilliant purple tie who was genuinely friendly; however, I personally think an ascot would have suited him better. I did purchase an anthology of crime stories for my ride back on the plane, and have enjoyed it thoroughly. I would suggest taking the off-the-beaten track trip to visit this shop. It definitely made my day.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,8/11/2008,5,12,2,4,4>I have to give it up for the MGM Grand as it is probably my favorite Vegas hotel and casino at this point.The reason it is my favorite hotel is simply because of the Terrace Suites.  If you are going to get a suite in Vegas, I don't think you can find a better suite for the price.The Terrace Suites are two-story, 1,300sq ft suites that are nice -- nothing special -- until you step out onto the 700 sq ft terrace over-looking the strip, with a private jacuzzi.  Now THAT'S Vegas.  The suites are basically on those large steps you see going down the exterior of the MGM.  For me, it doesn't get better than that starting at $900/night.My business partner and I threw our "we just sold our little internet company" party here -- and it was excellent.  The worst part about the suite was that you didn't want to leave because hanging out on the terrace was just too cool.  But, you should leave, because the casino at the MGM is also fun.Friendly dealers, lots of blackjack tables with reasonable minimums, and a younger, unpretentious crowd.  That really sums up the casino.  So many casinos in Vegas make me feel defensive and intimidated -- dealers telling me what to do (despite my knowing how to play), and lots of people who are sure they are really important.  I just don't get that vibe at MGM and it makes me a happy gambler.Lastly, the pool.  It's nothing too special, but honestly, floating around the tube-river is a pretty good hangover remedy.  On a side-note, I witnessed a balloon-off at the pool (two people -- one with ballons -- who knew how to make balloon animals, competing to make an animal the fastest).  Totally impromptu and coincidental.  That can't happen often.  Too bad I didn't have that same kinda luck at the tables.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,8/10/2008,7,7,3,3,3>If atmosphere is what you crave, this is the place!  Very dark, very sexy....  Think Liberace's living room if the electricity was out and all you had were 1,000's of candles..... yummy!   This is a great place to go if you just want to chill out with a few friends and actually hear and enjoy each other's conversation!  The pool area is divine..... it's like walking into Joan Crawford's backyard..... white leather couches and daybeds in white cabanas..... a sexy little hidden oasis!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,8/9/2008,44,90,1,7,4>Only a few blocks from my apartment, I expected this place to be out in the middle of nowhere or on the edge of town.  Today was the one-year anniversary of Spring's Preserve, so I treated my roommate, my son and I to attend the event (the fact that it cost $6 each instead of $14.95 was a major reason why I was so nice).  While the crowds were outrageous today, it did not detract from what the Preserve has to offer overall.There are many different facets of this huge campus, from the OriGEN experience to the gardens on the outskirts of the property; each has something great to show and tell you.  We started in the gardens, examining the flora and fauna that is prevalant in this area.  We were shown various ways to create a garden using plants that are meant to be here as well as planting veggies and fruits in new and interesting ways, something I did not think could be done well around here.We ventured further into the Preserve and found the ampitheater where a free ice-cream social was coinciding with live Celtic and eventually Blues musicians performing.  What a great place this would be for a night of music and some food or drinks.  We were told that the next week on Father's day there would be a BBQ, Blues and Beer festival where the first 100 dad's got in for free.  Events like this are an excellent way to attract positive attention to such a wonderful place.Past the ampitheater is the OriGEN building where there are a multitude of displays that are interactive and interesting.  Educational video games occupy one room while a history of the area display with live actors playing a turn-of-the-century train ride scene are in another.  Beyond this room lies one of the most exciting parts of the experience: the Flash Flood room.  Only 30 people can go in at a time, so expect a line.  Standing on a platform at the bottom of a mock wash, you experience what it is like to be in the middle of a flash flood.  My son was in the front row and he came out a little wet.Further along you will find a great insect, reptile and mammal display that has many interesting specimens.  We found that a few of the animals were dead, however, but this is not to be unexpected.  One was a kangaroo mouse that was hidden away in his burrow (he may have been sleeping but we doubt it.  The lizards were very excited to have visitors as you may see in one of the pictures I posted of the Preserve.Expect to spend at least 2-3 hours here.  A lot of the activities are outside, so apply sunscreen.  Water fountains are every where and most are very cold (moreso near the buildings).  We did not go into the main building where the gift shops and restaurants were, but refer to other reviews as other yelper's have visited them.  I will update when I return here again.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2008,8/8/2008,36,119,3,5,4>This is a review for the cafe.My first trip to Las Vegas (like my second) was very short and sweet. My last family vacation before marriage, it was great fun but Vegas in June proved to be a mistake. Because of the sizzling temperatures we didn't leave the Venetian Hotel for 48 hours. The extreme dryness and cigarette smoke caused a few bloody noses and some yucky allergies, but we did manage to have some good family time before gratefully returning home. In a city with glorious high end food I maintained discipline a month before my wedding, but I did manage to scarf down the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had at Postrio, Wolfgang Puck's cafe in St. Mark's Square. The moist chicken salad was combined with celery, apples, and port glazed grapes on pecan-raisin toast. Mom and I shared this sandwich and I was so sorry when my half was gone.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2008,8/7/2008,6,21,4,5,4>My boyfriend and I went to Las Vegas for a "romantic getaway" this week. We asked for a guide to restaurants in Las Vegas because I was craving Italian. We found Valentino's and it was recommended that we make a reservation for the "Fine Dining" section of the restaurant. We get to the restaurant, and they walk us past the bar, past a group of tables, and into a back room. It seemed like we left one restaurant and walked into a completely different one. Our host pulled my chair out before I sat down and laid my napkin in my lap for me. (1 star) Shortly after, we were greeted by our waiter who offered us a choice of several different waters, indluding tap hahaha. He also brought us the wine menu, and we chose a glass of Merlot, which he was so efficient in bringing us, along with the dinner menu. The menu in this restaurant is absolutely amazing. Very expensive of course, but the food was incredible, and worth the price. I ordered a crab, scallop, and lemon olive oil Risotto and my boyfriend ordered a well done steak. His steak was so tender, he cut it with a butter knife, and my risotto was perfectly seasoned. I give the other stars because our waiter, Thomas, who knew each dish on the menu like the back of his hand, made any effort to see to it that we had the best time :)If you havent eaten here yet and care about the quality of food and service, I highly recommend eating at this restaurant. If you have eaten here, but not in the "fine dining" section, and care about the quality of food and service,  I also recommend it. If not, I'm sure a nice double cheeseburger from McDonalds will do.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,8/6/2008,694,903,5,6,5>I don't know who Todd is but either way, it seems he and I both like olives - a lot.I thought the look and feel of this place was great - dark but warm and inviting inside with views across the Bellagio water to the Paris Eiffel Tower. As I was perusing the menu when Tammy, the sommelier, came by and asked if I had questions - she was NOT scary or snotty like many sommeliers  do come across. Rather I totally would have asked her a question  - if I had one.Service overall was good, the buser-water boy rocked. My water glass was NEVER more than half empty. My waitress seemed to care if I actually liked the food. I had:The days Starter special: applewood smoked Seared sea scallop on pork belly. Served on top of bean-ish things with a strange sticky but yummy jam thing outlining it. Next to this was a blob of green fluffed stuff with nuts on top - NO flavor. I think it was supposed to be whipped avocado something or other but really the only reason I can fathom it being there was for something green on the dish. Overall this was very good but I got a few very salty bites.The butternut squash tortellonini (sp?) (NOT tortellini - this was a long thin crepe like noodle). With sage in butter and nutmeg sauce. YUM, like dessert on my plate. SO rich in fact, I had to take half home with me (FYI its good room temp too). They gave me this awesome take home bag and utensil kit (wet wipe and toothpick included) too.Now, I'm not sure which of these items reeked havoc on my IBS right after BUT I live to tell another Yelp review...
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,8/5/2008,69,260,5,5,6>i brought my grandma here for lunch one day, and i knew either way it was going to be a learning experience...and a great lunch it was. we sat right in dead-center of the lower level with all types of patrons surrounding us, some looking us like we were the odd couple. i ordered the spicy chicken sandwich, and i love spicy.. this sandwich was extremely satisfying!! with a side of onion rings.. i'm almost tempted to drive back to vegas to catch tomrrow's lunch.the service was great, and very welcoming. next time i'm in vegas i will DEFINITELY be here for lunch!!
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,8/4/2008,508,259,3,8,4>Ok so really I know my tapas. I've been to Spain and spent hours in a tapas bar drinking wine eating great food and enjoying great conversation. This comes real close to the tastes. I came here with a small group with intentions to see what Chef Errol was all about. I was very impressed with the fact he was using Food Science which is the new cutting edge trends hitting up many spots in LA and NY.The ambiance of the place is very dark, clean, and comfortable. The staff was exceptionally nice.We let Chef decide what to make for us. The drinks were very good. Made from fresh ingredients. This place also has a guiness surger! SCORE!The food is exceptional and the price is definitely reasonable.I enjoyed the grilled romaine salad. Very flavorful. The salad was warm and you can really taste the dressing and the individual flavors. The lamb was phenomenal. We enjoyed the Carpaccio, LOBSTER, and tortilla espaniola which is so authentic spanish.(It wasn't room temperature which is how it's supposed to be served) It was warm and tasty with the herbs and potatoes. Definitely try the duck breast. - I usually like it more rare, but it was definitely delish. The dessert presentation was very classy yet cutting edge. Truffles and Kai Vodka? PHENOMENAL! If you get a chance you definitely should try this out.I'm not really too sure why there were even bad reviews. HATERS!
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,8/3/2008,37,57,4,5,5>We were fortunate to have been seated in an area, the fountain lounge, that offered privacy from the main seating area, an eye-catching view of the strip and the Bellagio Water Show, and comfort; take a look at the pictures on the Koi website- although, really, the pictures don't do it justice. The experience really does begin from the time you're greeted to the moment you leave Koi. Koi is appealing to all of the senses. You can't help but gaze out into the fabulous view or scan the subtle details of the room itself. The service provided to us was exceptional; we truly felt taken care of. Nathan, our server, and his support staff were intuitive, talkative, humorous, kind, attentive, and, I feel, went above and beyond.  For example, my friend, Carol, asked where she could find the ladies room and one of the Koi staff walked her all the way to the entrance of the ladies room. The food was unforgettable, succulent, and adventurous. I suggest the Hamachi Fusion, the Miso Bronzed Black Cod, the Grilled Skirt Steak, the Spicy Rock Shrimp Tempura Hand Roll (this one really made an impression on us), the Coconut Rice Pudding Brulee for dessert, and the Asian Pear for cocktails. I look forward to the next time I am able to dine at Koi; it is a gem within a city of many gems.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,8/2/2008,325,414,8,12,12>Ways that the Salt Lick in Vegas (Red Rock) IS like the Salt Lick in Driftwood:* It's delicious* It's messy* You eat on wooden tables* The desserts are good* The sides are good* The sausage is wonderful* The people cutting the meat have big huge knives* It's best with a big group of people* You have to drive a long way to get there, as it's pretty much out in the middle of nowhere. * Big fat slices of white bread* You eat so much you could just die!Ways that the Salt Lick in Vegas IS NOT like the Salt Lick in Driftwood:* It's inside a building with A/C and everything!* You have to pass by slot machines to go to the bathroom* They serve alcohol!! (including Tito's and Shiner--hello!)* It 's easy to get drunk since you didn't have to bring your own drinks!* You can take said beer out of the restaurant and then go play Black Jack.* The stoves are inside* It's not Texas.  Friend had a pre-wedding welcome dinner here for almost 60 people. Service was great and we had our own private dining area. Salt Lick was smart and gave each server only one or two tables to worry about.It was a nice little piece of Texas in a nice little piece of Vegas.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2008,8/1/2008,309,307,10,9,7>"hey... you wanna get an amazing prime rib dinner for $7.95?" a friend asked.  Even though the taste of an old leather belt came to mind, I replied "ehhh sure why not" when in Vegas...After a bumper to bumper 1 hour trip (damn you Vegas for not having fast robust public transportation infrastructure) from the strip to the California Main Station casino in Downtown Vegas we finally arrived at the hotel brewery/pub (Triple 7) famished.  By starving I mean a leather piece of meat really started to sound amazing no matter how sore my jaw might end up.  When we arrived we had to wait for an open table.  Downtown Vegas a wait for a $7.95 prime rib?!?!  WTF... this ain't no Joel Robuchon!  So, while a few of my friends waited for a table I decided to hit the craps tables.  $5 tables... score!  Basically my best 1/2 hour of craps playing EVER!  It was like free bingo night at a senior center where everyone is a winner, the crowd was going crazy with high fives being thrown left and right.    On to the $7.95 prime rib dinner.... This huge slab of glutinous meat was so tender and juicy I couldn't believe it.  Seasoned perfectly, cooked medium, and included real horseradish.  None of that mayo creamy crap.  Some say low expectations usually lead to high results.  So naturally I expected a piece of poop with fat and gristle but I actually received a "Four Forker" Epicurean.com flavor brigade of tantalizingness.  Due to the prime rib euphoric high I was on, it was only fitting for a kiss the cook request... to which I was denied.   I didn't order any of the micro-brews because I still had my free Bud Light from the craps table (woot woot vegas!) at hand but I tasted the nutty brown of a friends and it was nice.  The decor reminded me of a BJ's  but the ambiance was pure downtown dilapidated Vegas with a few post wedding parties getting sloshed and devouring prime rib dinners.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2008,7/31/2008,22,160,3,8,6>If this was the first balla steakhouse I had ever been to, I would have been impressed.The table was ready after a brief minute.  All the staff were friendly and helpful.  One guy pointed me to the restroom (which is somewhat hard to find), the guy in the can itself was cool and the waiter put up very well with the complete nonsense from our resident smart-ass in our group even though he was wearing a baseball hat to a dressy restaurant.Overall ambience is great if you like old school style steakhouses (stuff you would expect in Chicago or New York mafia type places).  I like how the restaurant is sectioned off into different rooms so the place does not get too loud (a real problem at Flemings Newport Beach and Manhattan Beach).Wine selection.  You can spend as much as you want here.  You could spend the GDP of a small country.  I would say the by the glass selection was smallish and was not too impressive on the "bargain" end of the menu.  I am sure that you could find a good bottle or two if you know your wines, but I am not that good.  My impression is that it is overpriced for the quality of wine. Food.  Ribeye steaks are what you would expect from a good restaurant.  However, if you are not from LA, you will think that your steak is overdone with respect to how you ordered it.  I like mine medium rare, but it was a bit closer to medium.  It was still pretty decent with the Foie gras infused sauce.  The sides were acceptable, but not that impressive.  We had mac and cheese (seemed a bit too al dente), broccoli (a bit over steamed) and sauteed mushrooms (good, but I could actually replicate very easily at home).  We didn't have dessert because it was mostly dudes.Since the website won't tell you the pricing, I will give you an idea (I have to go on memory since it was hosted dinner.  Thanks host!)Ribeye 16 oz  $40Ribeye bone in 22 oz $50Carpetbagger (Ribeye 10oz) $30Wine (pinot from Argentina? I forgot the name... Madderas?) $90 a bottlePenfold's Cab (don't ask me the vintage!)  $10 a glassSilver Oak (Alexander Valley, 98 I think) $40 a glassMost wines by the glass were $15Wedge salad $10Most appetizers (other than market price stuff) were about $10 - $15Anyway, it really depends on what you are looking for and what your expectations are.  If you are from New York and you have been to the top steakhouses, you will hate this place and knock over a table.  But, if you are from LA, you might feel right at home.I am from LA, but I appreciate how the old school steakhouses of New York and Chicago roll.  I went to Jack Rose in New York and Smith and Wollensky's in Chicago.  They definitely are not shy about giving you a slightly seared hunk of prime beef.  My kind of style.  Besides, I have had raw beef, horse, liver, fish and eggs, so really it's no big deal to me.A few of other notes.  It is pretty good to go in groups (we had 8 and they had a nice large table we could all sit at, instead of pushing tables together).  The restaurant pretty much cleared out around 10:30pm or so (we had 9pm reservations, the place was pretty busy when we first got there).  If you want a quieter evening, go for a very late dinner.  Be paitent if you are cabbing it over here.  It took a bit for cabs to arrive even though we told them a few minutes before we left.  Just have a stogie or whatever and hopefully it isn't the middle of the winter or summer so you aren't freezing or boiling.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2008,7/30/2008,117,127,3,6,4>I'm torn on this place.  I was very impressed by the sommelier, he was very courteous, professional, and knowledgable.  He even poured a few extra glasses from the tasting menu, in addition to a few extra surprises for us. But the dishes were delivered by different people, and overall it was very impersonal.  The guy that delivered the cheese was a total rookie.  He just plopped it down and when I asked where the cheeses were from, he responds with "uh....this one's from France....and this...the U.S....." and didn't mention if they were cowmilk, sheep's milk, etc.  A $450 dinner needs more polish.Don't go for the wine angel gimmick; we didn't see any during our meal.The food was good, but unfortunately you don't get what you pay for.  Vastly overpriced, inconsistent service, and decent but not memorable food means that I won't return.  Rating would be lower if it weren't for the all-star sommelier.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,7/29/2008,197,316,6,5,6>I love this club!  My girlfriends and I went here on a Sunday night, and after a disappointing Saturday at Tao, we were eager to make up for it.  Body English did not disappoint.  Awesome music, not too crowded, friendly people, strong drinks.So, how do you have a good time at one of these clubs?1) Be a girl.  1a) Be a cute girl traveling with a pack of female friends.2) Dress UP - ladies, that means heels and fun dresses3) Get on the guest list.  We got on the list through a contact at one of the stores at the Forum Shops (seriously, ask around while you're shopping...club promoters drop passes off to those stores all the time.  In our case, a bartender at Body English has a girlfriend who works at one of the Forum shops, so we were able to contact him directly.)4) Get there early and stand as close to the bouncers as possible.  After waiting in line for perhaps 10 minutes we were approached by the man with The List.  We were polite, smiled, and soon the velvet rope was lifted.  We were in, along with free passes and some drink tickets!5) Use your free drink passes at the bar, and order something strong.  Even though it's free, be classy and tip the bartender anyway.6) Hang out near the VIP area.  Make some friends.  Get invited to sit down.You now have a place to sit during the evening, and free drinks.  Be nice to the guys who have invited you to their table, but don't feel obligated to do anything that makes you uncomfortable.  Now go out on the dance floor and have some fun!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2008,7/28/2008,728,671,5,8,5>If I were the Professor of Club Class and my students were the many clubs of lascivious Las Vegas, I would give Moon an A for decor and view and quality of go go dancers, B for the bartenders, and D- for music on the weekends. I'm sure they've done the math and determined that it's most lucrative to appeal to the common denominator, so who am I to keep them from pulling in $400,000/night with their top 40s crapski? Sign up on www.napkinnights for free guest list for women and poss a discount for men. One club entry should also get you into Ghostbar and the Playboy Club.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,7/27/2008,1651,2742,4,9,9>First thought that comes to mind about the Red Rock for me is "Wow."  Posh, luxurious in its own way, there are too many good adjectives to describe Station's finest casino in the land.  Its places like the Red Rock that will eventually lead people off the overrated strip and into places like this and Green Valley Ranch.Situated near the Red Rock Canyon, this secluded resort may seem far from a lot of things, but as a boutique resort, they have all the bases covered for people with all kinds of interest.  Ever since its expansion of the second tower at the end of 2006, the dramatic difference can be felt in the hotel's beautiful rooms and expanded convention space.This is a locals casino destination and becoming more and more popular by the day.  Virtually everything is great here, from the food to the pool to the relaxed casino.  Nightlife is decent with plenty of eye candy over at Cherry Nightclub and the trendy restaurants within the casino are great.  Suites are spacious, well decorated, and very comfortable.  And by comfortable, I mean probably one of the best beds I've ever slept in.Few resort properties like this have impressed me to the magnitude that Red Rock has.  This place has it all and is an ideal family destination with plenty of food options (larger food court), a fabulous theater, and probably one of the best bowling alleys in Vegas.  Comped players will enjoy their stay, in addition to the visitors who are just looking for a place to get away.  As one of Vegas' most underrated properties, the Red Rock is without a doubt one of the town's best.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,7/26/2008,143,65,3,4,4>Best local Hawaiian spot in Vegas, even better then the California..... this place though has a lot of filipno infused dishes so if you are not into that sort of thing and prefer more japanese / hawaiian then the Cal is for you.Best thing about Aloha Kitchen is it is open super late and has a bar/lounge next door with alcohol. Food is good and the prices are better and the portions are generous. Adobo/Katsu combo is my favortie with portuguese sausage masubi. The Hawaiian Iced Tea is made super sweet though and the sun juices are a little pricier then the ABC store; but thats about the only gripes i have with the place.As mentioned, the bar next door usually plays local top 40 and sometimes island jams and reggae, the drinks are mixed well and priced just right. They even got slots and video poker! if your looking for a grub spot away from the strip, i would definitely go here, you will not regret it!
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,7/25/2008,148,205,12,15,16>This place made my night.I must have gotten lucky because everything I ordered to eat was delicious (see my pics).  I shared the wasabi-encrusted filet mignon, sea-bass, fried rice, and salmon with udon noodles.  The rice wasn't anything special but each of the other dishes was delicious.  The sea-bass was amazingly cooked and the filet mignon hit the spot.We had a group of 15 and the service was ultra-efficient and super smooth.  I'm a huge fan of the decor of Tao nightclub, and can say the same holds true with the design of the restaurant (tho it is a bit dark.)  The servers were super friendly to us and at the end of the night as a perk for eating there, we got VIP stamps to get into the club.  And I'm not talking about "VIP" status where you get into a "VIP" line and wait another f-ing hour.  At 10PM we left the restaurant and were in the club in under 10 minutes even though a line was building up outside.  Considering I spent about $40 on the food, and entry into the club would have been about $20 anyways...well that's what I think anyone would call a good deal.If you're going to come and complain about the "noise level" take a pause and think about it.  What do you expect from a resaurant sitting below the club (with the same name, mind you).The only weird thing to me now is that two of my favorite places in Vegas have the same place ..Tao and Tao.  Nightclub and restaurant.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,7/24/2008,54,103,4,6,5>Despite repeatedly telling the BF that it really doesn't matter where we stay, he insisted on staying at the Palazzo.  What's a girl to do, right?  When the man has his heart set on something, there's no changing his mind.We had the Luxury Suite with View, up on 45th floor. Boy I love those express elevators.  Oh yeah .. the view from the room isn't so bad either. :-P   We could see down to the pools for both Palazzo and Venetian, as well as Tao beach; and also part of the strip. :-) The room was very spacious even with a King size bed and a full-size living room complete with an ottoman. Although I thoroughly  enjoyed it while I was in the shower and while I was getting ready in the evening, I thought the 3 TVs (1 in the living room, 1 in the bedroom, and 1 in the bathroom) was a little excessive -- of course the BF didn't think so and only wished there was 1 in the restroom as well.This might be a girl thing, but I thought the lit-magnifying mirror with different light settings was an awesome invention!  It has daytime setting which is the brightest, nighttime which is the dimmest  and  "office" which would then turn on the florescent light.  It's genius!The bed, believe it or not, I actually did a running start from the hallway and jumped into the bed like a high-jump Olympic champion. It was that high and that plush. It's one of those beds where you just sink in, and yet it's firm at the same time.  The sheet's a little on the stiff side so when you move it makes a lot of noise, but it's still very comfortable.The service, now I know how kings and queens feel. As soon as we arrived in the valet line, someone greeted us and asked if we'd need help with our suitcases -- which was brought up to our room within 5-10 minutes we got there. The line to check-in moved quickly.  Staff was very friendly and very helpful with every questions and requests.  We all know the air there is dry, but did you know that you can request for a humidifier? It made sense that they do, but who knew!I'm not a gambler, so I was glad to see that I didn't have to go through 10 miles of casino area to get to our room.And, is it weird to get excited over illy's cafe located in between Palazzo and Venetian connection?  :-)This was an awesome trip. Thank you BF.  :-)It was a very relaxing trip to Vegas. We had plenty of rest at night *and* we'd take a nap during the day.  It was good for me, although the BF said it's a little too tame for him.  Oh well, he can have his guy's weekend out here when I'm not around.  :-)-----------P.S  I'm confused and curious as to what happened with the yelpers who had such bad experience at this hotel.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,7/23/2008,117,211,4,9,8>It was the most amazing dinner I've ever experienced! My parents, brother and I spent the weekend at MGM where everything was COMPED! We decided to take advantage of this "free" weekend and make reservations at the renowned Craft Steak (my brother is obsessed with Top Chef). Our party of 4 ordered the Chef Tasting Menu- Kobe "Surf & Turf" (3 courses) at a whopping $155/person which is changed on a daily basis by the Chef.  We also ordered a bottle of $100 wine (you cant drink water with a meal like this). 1st Course Appetizer: - Kobe Beef Tartar- amazing flavors, reminded me of ahi tuna. I loved the raw egg on top which gave it a nice rich flavor. - Roasted Red Peppers with olive oil- Grilled shrimp- Caesar saladEntree:-Kobe Steak  (3 types)- Rib eye, Sirloin, and Skirt Steak. All was perfectly cooked and incredibly tender. IT was my first experience with Kobe beef and I was very impressed with the quality of the meat. - 2 Lb. Lobster sitting in a bowl of butter sauce...mmmm...butteerrrr...Side Dishes:Grilled mushrooms, carrots (BEST EVER, perfectly cooked and sweet, this was my Mom's favorite dish), grilled asparagus, and Yukon mashed potatoes (melted in your mouth, very rich, mmm buttteerr). Dessert:-Berry Crumble-6 diff ice creams and homemade sorbet - my dad's fave dish! He's still raving about the sorbet. -Chocolate cake with melted chocolate in the middle - my bro's fave.- Bread pudding- MY FAVE! Very rich and perfectly baked. - Blueberry tartAnyways, the bill came out to a total of $900 (including tip) and we were definitely more than satisfied with our meal. Even the espresso and coffee (french pressed at your table) was incredible. My dad asked "So, would you come here again if we had to pay??"YES!
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2008,7/22/2008,90,588,5,7,8>This is a review by a vegetarian.This is a review of Brunch.Final score:Scott, after a week in Utah with few vegetarian options: 1Bellagio Breakfast Buffet: 0Boy it's tough to breakeven without going for a plate of Scottish smoked salmon but I may have eaten $16 worth of french toast, waffles, fresh fruit, fruit sauce, fruit juice chocolate croissant, yogurt, granola, and PIZZA!! there is pizza for breakfast!! (the only thing better would be if they had cold pizza as well).The wait staff that handles drinks is attentive and seemed to remember everyone who had decaf and who had leaded.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2008,7/20/2008,53,107,9,8,7>Please avoid ordering an omelette here. It looks like a styrofoam frisbee that's been folded in half (stuffed with your favorite diced meats and/or veggies). It tastes like styrofoam too because I don't think they use real eggs (eggs in a carton, fo sho). And the omelettes are steamed...yuck. I have visual evidence posted here for those who doubt me. Other than that, they have decently priced food. The portions are big and you don't leave here still feeling hungry. I went here twice for lunch and I didn't have to wait in line at all. The service is polite, prompt, and accomodating. Overall, this restaurant is a good place to go to eat for convenience (if you're staying at The Palazzo) and decent food.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2008,7/19/2008,49,73,8,10,10>Oh. My. God. Each time we visit Vegas the Sterling Brunch is the first reservation we make. Late enough in the morning so that we can sleep off the fine dining and frolicking from the night before, and not so late that the nap we'll need afterward cramps our style. When you go, because you will, dress appropriately to impress at mid-day. The brunch takes place in Bally's Steakhouse and covets the upscale vibe. The lighting is low in a comforting way, they understand where you were last night, and why you are wearing your shades. And the booths are big and roomy. Come thirsty - the refills on all beverages are fast and generous. We always joke about bringing sharpies and just writing our names on the bottles of Perrier Jouet champagne that we'll empty - and then share an uncomfortable pause because we weren't really joking. Come hungry, because when that brief moment of silence is broken you'll be on your next trip to the buffet, and here is where I should admit that I do not generally like buffets, so let's call this a "display" of all things quest worthy for foodies: fresh, beautiful berries that taste like summer even in February. Surf that impresses this seafood lovin' north-westerner, turf that makes my mid-western roots tingle with glee, and eggs every way you like 'em! And there's more: pastries, chocolates, sauces, dips, rolls...You, like me, may just feel the need to have some more champagne and think this through while delicately nibbling on some caviar and toast points.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,7/18/2008,90,68,6,10,10>Spago is a delightful respite for when you're doing some shopping at the forums, especially when you're not paying. The ambiance is modern and warm, but not necessarily romantic (it's a good spot to go with a best friend/shopping partner/sibling/gay boyf). Dinner was vaguely memorable (halibut and scallops). The service is friendly and impeccable. Not only was our waiter super nice and attentive to my sister and I, he brought out a beautiful complementary chocolate mouse at the end of our dinner with something along the lines of "living it up in Vegas" written in chocolate ganoush on the plate. Hahaha, ok, I don't remember exactly what it said -- we had mimosas with dinner, but it was a very sweet gesture.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,7/17/2008,222,319,8,13,13>Going to L'Atelier was something I had wanted to do for quite awhile. I had never experienced a Joel Robuchon restaurant and was eager to see why he is one of the best chefs in the world. My recent trip to Vegas allowed me to finally see why.Tagging along for this was a friend of mine who enjoys fine dining as well. We were seated at the famous bar-like seating which surrounds the open kitchen. You can get a view of how the dishes are made and see the choreography of the kitchen at work.We both tried the $135 Discovery Menu with a couple exceptions. My friend is allergic to shellfish so the "Le Homard" dish (maine lobster in a gele of vegetables topped with a chilled leek soup) was out of the question. I told her one of his signature dishes was the "Les Huitres" (poached baby oysters in Echire butter). She said oysters were OK for her to eat and chose those. I had inquired to see if I could substitute the "Le Mangue" dessert (hazelnut cremeux, fresh mango and coffee-caramel streusel) for the "Le Chocolat" (chocolate sensation, cremeux Araguani, Oreo cookie crumbs). Our server said that he could do it but since it's a big dessert dish it would have to substitute both desserts from the Discovery Menu. I had no problem with that.Everything was exceptional to say the least but the noteworthy dishes were the:"L'Oeuf" (fried egg with sweet onion cream and smoked salmon) - If I could have this for breakfast everyday I would. Crispy panko breading on the outside, and as you cut into it, a warm and vibrant golden yolk oozes out. The small bits of smoked salmon provides a nice saltiness that counters the richness of the egg."Les Huitres" - 3 small oysters packed with tremendous flavor. Extremely fresh and plump. These jewels sat in their shell surrounded by a pool of butter. I only got to have one and was considering getting an order for myself."Le Caille" (quail stuffed with foie gras and served with truffled-mashed potatoes) - I wanted to choose this as my main course, but since my friend chose it, I decided to choose the rack of lamb so we could compare dishes. I probably should have chosen this regardless. Delicious foie gras and tender quail. Excellent combination."Le Chocolat" - This is for the chocoholics. Chocolate crispies, chocolate mousse, a chocolate disc, chocolate cookie crumbs. Definite chocolate overload. But so sinfully good.I think L'Atelier is a great environment to dine and interact. We were having good conversations with our server as well as the people next to us. We persuaded the guy next to me to order the Discovery Menu as well and he was impressed with the meal as we were. Service was superb and very accommodating. So in your next Vegas trip, set aside about a couple hundred to enjoy a wonderful meal at L'Atelier. You'll definitely feel like you've won even though you lost a paycheck at the tables.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/11/2008,7/16/2008,463,792,8,10,11>I'm here for a company sales meeting which was held at Mandalay Bay. When I found out they put me at the Luxor, I read the reviews on Yelp and called the corporate travel folks and used my considerable executive clout to get moved to MB. When that didn't work, I used my unending charm.  When that didn't work, I cried like a little girl.So, upon checking in to the Luxor, I braced for the worst and got...much better, thank you. The room is quite nice. Tub AND shower. The bed wasn't bad at all although a pillow upgrade would have been an improvement.They had $10 blackjack tables even at night and in the bar near the entrance to the LAX nightclub, they have a $10 table in a nice sofa setting. I was in awe of paying $10 for a G&T and a buddy of mine paid $6 for a Red Bull chaser. Ouch. But you can watch the natural and man-made wonders waiting to enter the club. Surprisingly, even on a Wednesday night there was a line to get in.The hotel covers a lot of ground. I wasn't thrilled with the walk from the room to the casino.The reviews here lead you to believe that this place is a complete dump. I didn't find it that way at all. After walking through the Wynn and MB, it does feel a little rough around the edges but certainly workable for low-rollers like me.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,7/14/2008,269,190,19,5,5>After moving here I stuck with my 24-Whore Shitness membership for six months, paying for One Club (the admittedly nice one at Trop and Decatur, where you can go to Papa John's immediately after doing 45 minutes on the Stairmaster) and getting bled through the nose at $30, the "special you've been with us for a long time, but we'll just knock off $5" rate. Then I met some shiny happy oily people walking into Sam Ash when I was perusing the classifieds one hot summer afternoon, and noticed that there was an LVAC like RIGHT FREAKING THERE across the street on Maryland and Karen, I think her name was. Anyway, I got the guest pass and the manager at the time told me to not use it there, but to go to the (then-new) Eastern location. He said there "a lot more inspiration," I believe were his exact words. Reading between the lines and driving around when gas was less than $2.50 a gallon, I soon arrived at the sprawling Eastern location and was immediately set upon by a bevy of scantily clad beauties holding energy smoothies and imploring me with that "come hither, I'll spot you" look. Well, not really, but there were multiple reasons for me to....NOT gawk and smile and try to pick up, I mean my god man, this is a SERIOUS WORKOUT FACILITY and not some meat market.I've been a member since then. I like to think of the webcam snapshot they took the following week as my "Before" photo. I personally fully support the Ladies Join Free policy, as last time I checked I wasn't paying to put in work in a Sausage Factory, thank you very much. Now stop Yelping for 90 minutes and hit the gym. They even have a fully stocked juice bar if you didn't have the wherewithal to bring your own gear. FUN FACT: If an enterprising, but naive, businessman were to attach small turbine engines to all the treadmills at the Rainbow location, the resulting energy surge between 5pm-8pm could power Mozambique for a day or two. Until the warlords start cutting achilles tendons and canceling memberships, of course.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2008,7/13/2008,38,199,8,8,7>So, me, my bf, and our friend roll up on Hot n Juicy. When I invited my friend, she says, "Oh, crawfish. I haven't had crawfish since Miami. We used to go to crawfish parties all they time and they'd have BUCKETS of crawfish." So I'm getting all riled up. I've never had crawfish. So we get there and each of the tables are covered with a plastic table cloth and there's a roll of paper towels. I'm like, "Aw, shet. Things are gonna get messy." So I order a pound of crawfish ($9), hot n juicy special seasoning, mild. Because I'm a pussy like that, I have spice issues. What. Bf ordered the same thing, but spicy. The waiter gives each of us a bib that says "Let's get crackin'" and has a lobster on it. Let's get crackin' indeed. I thought I was gonna be the only asshole with a bib on, but apparently everyone does it. So it must be alright. Like unprotected, premarital sex. And crack. I was looking forward to this all day long. I had a three-hour long, GRUELING work out, and all I could think about was some hot n juicy craw daddies. The waiter dropped our crawfish in plastic bags. Little crawfish in a puddle of awesome spices. When we started to dig in, we realized we didn't know what we were doing. And our friend that went to crawfish parties in Miami? Didn't actually eat the crawfish there. She just drank beer. So we asked the waiter for help and he obliged. Once we got the hang of it, it was all cherry. It just seemed like a lot of work for a small meat yield. In the beginning, I couldn't bring myself to suck the juices out of the head. But then I removed myself from the idea that they were once living animals. With eyes. That stare at you. There are places that are good for drinking beer with food. Not only is Hot n Juicy good for beers with food, its not only perfect, its down right necessary. I almost didn't oder a beer, but halfway through my hot n juicy and spicy meal, I had to get a beer. I ordered fries, too. Which came in handy in soaking up the extra juices.  The seasoning was so good. I was licking off the excess from my fingers and pulled away a stub. For the two dozen crawfish, four beers, and fries, we paid $46 before tip; average $15 per person. I would not recommend going here hoping to feast on a budget. (I hit this place up, because of Famous Teri's review yelp.com/biz/hot-n-juicy) * off the strip, non-casino
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2007,7/12/2008,4974,721,3,3,4>For some reason, I find it totally unreasonable to pay over $20 for any kind of roasted chicken at a restaurant.  I guess when you can just buy a whole roasted chicken at the supermarket for $7 or so...its just ridiculous to spend any more for that.  No one remembers the best chicken they ever had anyways.BUT...most people can remember the best steak.  This was not the best steak I ever had but still pretty good.  I was surprised the 1st review gave it 2 stars but then I looked at what they had ordered (salmon and chicken) and I understand why.  Beef is the specialty here.  Its like someone ordering salmon at Peter Luger's or something.  I had the porterhouse, wife had the filet.  Nice place.  I remember the bread being pretty good too.  I always enjoy the Lake Las Vegas area.  Its such a nice getaway for a day or 2.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,7/11/2008,71,178,11,18,14>***THIS IS THE ONLY WYNN REVIEW YOU NEED TO READ***So, I wanted to make my 100th review special. And nothing is more special and ass-kicking than the Wynn Las Vegas.CHECK IN: We came in on a Wednesday night, and check in was a breeze. We were upgraded to the Tower Suites. The lady was very nice and answered all of our questions. I imagine check in to be more crowded on the weekend, but they do a good job of managing the line.THE ROOM: The Tower rooms are so awesome, and the staff treats you like royalty. The tower has a private elavator, front desk, and concierege. Oh yeah, don't forget the line pass for the buffet. Upon entering the room, we saw a grand, spacious entry way, and floor to ceiling windows. The rooms were large and clean. The bathrooms had 2 sinks, shower, and bathtub. And no need to bring ANY tolietries....they've got everything: all the regular stuff plus toothbrush and paste, shaving cream, razor, shoe polish, cotton balls and swabs, mouthwash, and more. I loved that the shower products and lotion were fairly large bottles compared to most hotels...so bring 'em home in the suitcase!The beds are very comfortable, and comes with nightly turndown service. They put out slippers and chocolates out for you. Don't forget the HD 42 in. flat screen that you can rotate. I'm a total germaphobe, and this is the only hotel rooms that I'll touch the phone or walk barefoot around...and that's saying A LOT! hahaPOOL: The tower suites have their own pool that is above the main pool. I love the pool here because there aren't many kids at all. You can rent a cabana for around 300-400 a day. My favorite pool was the "European Pool", only for 21+. Women can go topless, but most don't. We only saw a few...and they shouldn't have been topless in the first place. There are day beds and lilly pads available to rent. We opted for a day bed ($150-200) which comes with a round bed that reclines, an umbrella, and all the bottled water you can drink. Diego, the pool boy is so awesome and helpful. The lillypads look cool in theory, but don't look too comfortable.How do you rent a cabana/daybed? Try to call as early as possible. They take you name 30 days in advance. Call the pool at 9:00 on the day you want the reservation, and they will tell you if you got it or not. The Wynn has to reserve a lot of them for the players, so you may not get one. But if you do, it is SOOOO worth it.CASINO: The minums can get pretty high at $50 blackjack and $25 craps. But during the day you can easily find $15 minum BJ and $10 craps. The dealers at the Wynn are the nicest in town. Tip 'em well....don't be a cheap ass.FOOD: Mr. Wynn knows how to do restaurants. Anything is good, even the buffet.CLUBS: Tryst is the main one, and Blush is smaller, but still cool. The concierege will put you on the guest list if you ask. Altough pricey (starting at $450), I highly recommend bottle service because the club gets crowded. So there ya go. Best service you can get, hands down. A billion times better than the Bellagio (boooo!).
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2008,7/10/2008,31,55,8,6,8>i've always told myself that the best burger i'll have will be reasonably priced.  it will be simple, with the most basic of fixings and in a basic setting.man was i ever wrong.the setting was as gaudy, arrogant, and loud [vegas] and the burger was just as much all of these things as possible.but it was beautiful, much like vegas itself.  i ordered an angus burger with cinnamon bacon [i know, crazy, right?], a fried egg, pepper jack, on a wheat bun.  you can even get froie gras and truffles on your goddamn burger if you so pleased, although it'll cost you $60.this place, being in the mandalay bay hotel and casino [?], is of course going to be expensive, right?  well, yes and no.  had i been in seattle and someone told me to pay $25 a head, i'd have told them to fuck off.  but in vegas, you spend all to get all.  so whatevs.i also had their unfiltered amber beer, which was actually pretty decent.  one of my friends ordered onion rings, which were pretty good, but not the best i'd had and the fries were pretty meh.the chocolate shake was pretty good, though a little thin for my tastes.all in all, that was probably the best burger that i've had so far that i've paid someone else to make me.the service was so-so, but they were busy as shit, in their defense.  all in all, it was the perfect pre-fight-spectacle meal.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,7/9/2008,164,29,20,5,8>While checking into the hotel at 1am, countless young hotties in their Vegas-best (read: slutfits) flock by us on their Thursday night migration pattern to Tryst. I suppose it's Vegas' little way of saying, "Welcome back, Steve. We've missed you." Anyhow this solves the question of where we're going tonight. Hmm but how's a group of guys gonna get into this popular Vegas night spot? *trumpets blare* Mr. Nice Bouncer to the rescue! He kindly informs us that since we're staying here we can just get a LINE PASS from the casino host. I certainly will!Pass in hand, we skip over a long line of guys, couples, and... well, how do I put it... "fat" chicks? and I really do feel sorry for them for still being in line at 2AM for about the next eight seconds before we fork over our $30 each and get into the club. WOW. We're instantly greeted by a gorgeous 4-tier waterfall backdropping a huge dance floor and the place is packed! Drinks aren't cheap but they pour em strong. My friend and I order a couple of our favorite drinks - Corona with a shot of Patron poured in the top. The bartender pours 1.5 shots worth in each bottle and charges us $22 per drink. Ouch. Okay at least it was a solid pour. Fast-forward a bit and we're wasted on the patio in front of the waterfall. A gorgeous waitress shows up with a magical basket of chilled Patron shots. This is great because it's crowded as shit and the bar's really far away. My friend figures, "well if we don't need to go all the way to the bar to get a drink, maybe I don't need to go all the way to the bathroom to pee!" He then proceeds to unload onto the glass barrier that keeps the drunkards out of the waterfall pool. Ohhhhhh boy. I try my best to obscure this clandestine operation by placing myself in between him and the rest of the crowd and slowly undulating awkwardly to the beat. Lucky him, it actually works and he doesn't get caught. Lucky everyone, his pee ends up being more of that super-wasted-so-it's-pretty-much-all-water pees, rather than that homeless-tranny-hooker-in-the-san-francisco-­tenderloin-peeing-in-a-stairwell pee, so it's not a huge smelly deal, and none of the revelers are any the wiser.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/8/2008,221,157,23,14,13>Is that Thai sausage in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me? Oh! I'm so hoping it's Thai sausage. For my older brothers 45th birthday we came here with 15 friends who all met up at the Venetian. We had a couple of drinks at the hotel and made our way here. Happy and feeling dandy. And then it began.... course after course after course of some of the best Thai food I have ever savored.We had several different salads. The banana blossom one was, are there words? No. I don't think there are. There wasn't a bad one in the bunch. Some were requested hot. And we got Thai hot. Which is blow  the top of your head off good.We moved on to several soups which were amazing as well. I especially liked the shrimp with bok choy? I think it was bok choy. We drank enough wine to make me forget too much. (Damn you Mona! Take notes - but would I have been able to read them later?) Then came more.Noodles. Beef, chicken, seafood, rice, curry and it just kept coming. It was a feast. And not a loser in the lot. By the time a fried banana desert came around, I was hailing a cab and hauling my butt back to the hotel. Enough. I plan on taking a large group of our clients here on our next Las Vegas outing. There's this one guy... who hates hot and spicy. I intend to kill him through food. Really, he has it coming. Meow.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2008,7/7/2008,519,263,85,36,23>This review goes out to my boy Brian Urb... who took me to this place because he knew I was a cheap ass when it comes to strip joints, because I'm not trying to throw my hard earned money at some aftermarket enhanced chicks who probably drive more expensive cars than I personally own. Screw that!***For all those who rated Glitter Gulch with only 1 star, you guys are taking your strip club experiences a little too seriously! You gotta laugh about it, because it really is humorous when you think about it! Peep it. Brian Urb smooth talked me into coming to this place because he was like, "look dude. You can't spend your whole time in Vegas at a casino on the Strip! You gotta experience the old school, ghetto Vegas! We gotta go to Glitter Gulch. It's right across the street from ABC Stores, and they don't even charge you a cover! Come onnn!" Okay. Sold. It was a weekday, and we had nothing else going on, and I wanted to get some Garlic Macadamia nuts from the ABC Store anyway.Brian wasn't lying. The cover charge WAS free. And just as I started making my way towards the back, Brian pushes me towards the front stage, and says "come on man, we're sitting right up front!" WTF? I'm thinking... oh hell no, the guys who sit at the stage are the ones who waste the most dough at strip joints, because the DJ who calls out "and now appearing on the main stage... is Candy! Candy everybody!" also calls out "don't forget to tip your dancers" while the girls give you the evil eye. Now you all must be thinking I'm the biggest cheapskate, but it's just my philosophy I guess... Since I'm a photographer, I know a TON of good looking women, who look millions of times better (even without makeup) than these broke ass chicks rocking the Glitter Gulch stage. So why do we throw money at them?I have no idea. Someone's gotta support the single moms I guess. And single moms they must be, cause alot of these Glitter Gulch dancers look BROKE like a Ford Explorer past its warranty period. Buttaface chicks, rockin stretch marks as if they were an army general's stripes... these chicks been doing this for quite some time.But my homie Brian reassures me, "dude it's all good. We're not here to stare at the hot chicks. Everyone knows the hot girls are all at Spearmint or Crazy Horse. We're just here to get a couple drinks and get a laugh!" And get a laugh is exactly what we DID! We chilled out at the main stage, trippin at the audacity of some of these strippers. I can't believe they accepted some of these chicks, with their summer teeth! (Don't understand our terminology? Summer teeth = Some are here, some are there...) I mean some of these girls were "aiiight." I remember seeing three dancers who were solid 7s. But dude. Some of these chicks were straight up like... 3s! And THOSE were the ones who just made us laugh.And the best part..!  $3 drink specials and $1 motorboats. When you throw a dollar on the stage, the chicks come around and slap their boobs in your face. I didnt expect this the first time, so it shocked the hell out of me, and I just busted out laughing! Then I started thinking about it... "man, I don't think I know a girl who would motorboat my face for only ONE us dollar!" Hilarious!!! Shit, that's a bargain when you think about it! I mean, even the items on McDonald's value menu cost like $1.07 when you add in the tax! So $1 motorboats at Glitter Gulch are a BARGAIN!!! Brian and I just sat up there at the main stage with a HUGE stack of dollar bills in each hand, shaking our heads and laughing to ourselves, while throwing dollars at the chicks.After like 2 hours in there, we got bored and decided to bounce. I asked him, "so... how much did you spend?" "Uhmm, let's see... 21 dollars. How bout you?" "Uhm.... eighteen." And we just laughed our asses off and walked over to ABC Store to buy the macadamia nuts I originally wanted. Hilarious. Screw the $4 Prime Ribs in Vegas, the REAL Vegas bargain is the $1 Motorboats at Glitter Gulch. Where else are you gonna find a single mom to rub her boobs in your face for just a dollar. Honestly!It just HAS to make you laugh when you think about it.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,7/6/2008,219,323,8,6,11>Once, a long, long time ago, my first time in Sin City, I happened to walk into NY NY with my girlfriends to do some gambling.  We happened to stumble upon a slot tourney and thought "What the hell?..Why not join in?"  So we signed up for our NY NY cards, plopped down in front our assigned slot machines, waited for the bell and then started pulling that lever in the likes of giving a hand job, just get off already.  My friend made it to the finals and ended up winning $250 bucks.  Then we headed over to the piano bar.  A man that kinda resembled Yanni was playing the piano and a good sized crowd was drinking booze and listening to him hammer out tunes.  I walked up to him and asked him to play "Piano Man" by Billy Joel (I'm sure he gets this request all the time)....he obliges....I ask if I can lay on his piano...he obliges...I get on the piano and sprawl out like some old school lounge singer (think Michelle Pfieffer in the Fabulous Baker Boys sans the gown).  Yanni's twin, aka the piano man, starts to sing "Lady in Red" to me....ah, shucks.  Maybe because I'm turning red.  A few dudes from the crowd join in and all are singing this song to me.  I'm the center of attention, drunk, hysterically laughing and being serenaded by Yanni and a bunch of tools.  Then Yanni sings my request "Piano Man."  The bar crowd is singing along and my friends are in the corner of the bar, bent over laughing.  The mustache man with locks of Jew finally finishes the song, I hop off the piano and we go on our merry way.Thank you NY NY for the lovely memories.BEST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2008,7/5/2008,13,54,8,13,12>Superb! And a shocker to some degree. (more on that in a bit)Can't argue with the reviews already given.I don't know what region the food is of origin, but Spicy is it's foundation.And it's tasty!!A Saturday lunch.3 tables active. Two other couples, and one big family. I was not the only tourist looking patron. But I was outnumbered. And thats GOOD!Maybe 15 total tables in the place available. Nice size in my opinion.Good clean room too.Yes, new owners. "wun yeer now thank yoo" (no offense intended)Spicy & Sour Noodle Soup, $5.95 (like spaghetti w/ chili broth, and herbs)Wontons tossed in chili sauce, $5.95 (YUM, nice garlic hints)Sliced Chicken w/ Szechwan Sauce, $8.95 (YUM YUM, spicy smoke flavor  trails off w/ a sweetness, YUM)Yes the rice is done w/ perfection as a goal. Details, all in the details.The "shocker"........This menu is as authentic as I've ever seen. Reminds me of times in San Francisco's Chinatown when I might have ordered off a menu to be refused by the wait staff  "No no no no, shaking their head". You see, I'm a big tall Gringo looking dude......they were just protecting me is my guess. Saving my fragile "naive" palate.Yun Nan Garden offers what I think you can't get many places in SF anymore. At least spelled out on the menu, here they are.Chongqing Spicy Frog.Blackened Pepper w/ Eel.Three Flavors (Squid, Fish, Black Sea Cucumber)Chickens Intestine w/ pepper sauce.And the afore mentioned Pigs Ear.Don't be afraid though. You will just be missing out on some tasty meals.I like the location, easy in, and easy out. Great parking!!Just below Spring Mountain, 3rd driveway on the right off Valley View.Yun Nan will be on your right, far corner of the first building. (mid lot)7 days a week, 11am - 10pm.And they have 2 additional locations:Monterey Park, CA. 301 N. Garfield Ave.Hacienda Heights, CA. 1229 S. Hacienda Blvd.Enjoy!!
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2008,7/4/2008,150,151,7,6,7>This is going to sound trite, but I loved LOVE.  Yes, I loved everything about this show!  It wasn't very Cirque, but for me, that was a good thing.  I had the most expensive nap of my life during "O" last year.  The soundtrack - and the energy - was absolutely electric.  Purists may not agree, but I thought it was a huge thrill to get to hear a somewhat new take on old favorites.  The soundtrack was created from original Beatles master recordings, so the music feels fresh, but familiar, and the banter among the band mates is exciting to hear.   I even bought the soundtrack from the gift store on the way out of the show...and now I have everyone at work singing along.Now if only I could figure out what it means to be "Sitting on a cornflake, waiting for the van to come".  But if the van in question is on it's way back to Vegas, I'm on it!
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,7/3/2008,128,103,10,7,7>THEhotel is THEmost elegant of all THEhotels on THEstrip. You don't feel like you're in Vegas when you're in THEhotel, with its lofty and airy but dark paneled walls, beautiful and simple bouquets of white flowers, and an excellent collection of art hanging on THEwalls (THElobby has pieces by Robert Rauschenberg, Robert Long, and Richard Serra). THEsuites are spacious and THEbeds are comfortable. THEswimming area includes a gigantic wave pool and a lazy river as well as a few other pools and hot tubs, with a "beach" full of lounge chairs and cabanas that you can rent for $250 or more per day. THEbeach and pools were incredibly crowded, so we only stayed a short time. One complaint - they charge for wifi, which in a hotel that expensive, you'd think it would just be included rather than nickel & diming you. Also check out my review for miX, which is THEfancy restaurant in THEhotel, owned by celebrechef Alain Ducasse. It was nice but incredibly expensive. My favorite thing about THEhotel - THEsticker that they leave on your toilet paper that says "THEtp".
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2007,7/2/2008,263,451,10,7,8>The buffet was good but not great like Planet Hollywood (formerly Aladdin's) or superb like Wynn's.It was weird that I had to ask for bread from the server. Usually there's a bread section available for carb-lovers. Bf jokingly said it was the buffet for Atkin's followers. Definitely lots of meats!Service was good. Never ran out of juice. Though we had to specifically ask for spoons. I guess they were worried that it could be used as a weapon of mass spooning. :-)We paid the brunch price and didn't feel like it worth it. I don't recommend this place unless you're starving and can't walk on two legs.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,7/1/2008,344,859,5,13,11>Who took 3 showers a day while staying at the Venetian Suites? I DID. yes, i took THREE showers in ONE DAY. i couldn't help myself. i felt so spoiled and pampered during my stay because my suite included THREE flat screen TVs -- 1 TV by the beds, 1 TV in the living room and 1 little TV in the  bathroom. The bathroom was bigger than my bathroom at my own house! It had a separate door for the toilet (for privacy), bath & glass shower with the BEST shower head. No wonder i took three showers in one day. My friends and i reserve 2 Bella Suites in the main Venetian building ($259 a night). 5 people in each room and each of us had our own bed. The sofa can pull out as a sofa bed and there were two queen beds. However, i was kinda disappointed the room didnt have a coffee maker for me to boil hot water or anything. The suite also included two bathrobes for you to wear and if you like to keep them they were $80 each. If you plan to stay at Venetian try booking your room in the main building rather than the Venezia because my friend said it was inconvenient and he took at least 3 elevators to reach the main casino floor. The customer service at the bell desk was very attentive and i didn't have to wait long to check in. I enjoyed my stayed at the Venetian and i would love to stay here again. I cant wait to check out the new Barneys!Tip: if you are a quest at the hotel, you can get into the Tao for free without lining up in the main line. theres a separate line for hotel guests. :)
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2008,6/30/2008,113,96,28,17,11>Five reasons to visit The Library strip club:1. Ok it's a dive bar, but topless.  Nice twist ;)2. Gotta love the sense of irony they seem to have.  There is a row of bookshelves on each side as you enter.3. The numbers: $10 cover, $6 beers, $8 mixed drinks, $20 lap dances 4. The girls are ok, sort of like Chili's waitresses, cute but certainly not breathtaking5. East Side represent, 95 and Boulder Hwy.  If you're staying downtown or coming from Arizona it could make for a pleasant diversion.Oh and #6: Where were you?  I was at "the library" baby, just catching up on some motherflippin' Dostoevsky.  Crimes and punishment indeed.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2008,6/29/2008,619,1443,4,7,7>SCORE BABY!! I can't believe they do your dishes here. Yeah, you read right. They will throw your dishes in the dishwasher for you. Housekeeping even picked up all the cups laying around and put them in the washer and even cleaned the coffee pot. Kitchen w/ brand spanking new appliances, 42 inch plasma, whirlpool bath, all suite hotel, in room safe, and a balcony w/ table. Very spacious. Only negative was the service.Service was just crap (except for the housekeeping staff). They don't even open the doors for you. Also, I asked for the dinner menu for The Restaurant and the a-hole at the front desk said I have to get it myself. If I was at the Sahara, that's one thing but this hotel parades itself as a "luxury boutique hotel." Well, they have a lot of work to do. The staff is young  and inexperienced. It's a little off the strip so it's annoying getting to the strip. After 10pm, there's no point taking a cab since Flamingo Rd. will be packed so it's faster if you walk.Bottom line: A 5 star hotel (amenities) with the service of a 1 or 2 star hotel.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,6/28/2008,310,365,3,6,4>Just a note, there are TONS OF DETAILS LISTED BELOW:This hotel is located off the strip, which is what we wanted for our one-night stay. I booked it about two weeks before and was able to snag a deal for $98 a night via AAA Travel deals. And it proved to be a good value for the price!This place used to be an AmeriSuites, so all the rooms are spacious with two double beds and a pull-out sofa sleeper. It can sleep almost up to 6, if needed. It is very clean and the linens are modern. All rooms come equipped with a 42" flat screen as well, which you can hook up to your computer. Free wi-fi too with a pretty strong signal.Check-in was really quick, they have two monitors in the lobby that you can use to swipe your credit card to pay. It dispenses your key cards, and you can go straight up to your room without having to wait in line at the desk.There are only two elevators, but the wait isn't horribly long - though the elevator is somewhat slow as it ascends to the top floors. We had a room that faced UNLV, and it was quiet. No complaints about airplanes flying overhead.Conveniently located across the street from a CVS pharmacy and Red Mango frozen yogurt in a strip mall with a shoe shop, restaurants (happy hour cocktails!) and few other odd places. The Hard Rock is close by as well. We jayed it across the street and picked up some snacks and other toiletries from CVS.Beware - the shuttle can pick you up from the airport, but you will have to wait if they aren't in the area. Call the hotel after landing to insure that they'll be there after you pick up your baggage. The shuttle also runs from the hotel to and from Planet Hollywood. Call the front desk if you need a cab.They serve continental breakfast in the mornings, but they stop serving at 9:30am on weekdays. So get there early if you want to partake! No sleeping in until 9:15am!Starbucks coffee, apple and orange juice, milk, cereal, toast, bagels, english muffins, fresh fruit. Pickings can be slim since lots of people want free food. The line for toasting things is horrid, since people just sit in front of the toaster WAITING for it to toast. Hop in line and kindly slide your goodies in there while they hog the toaster so yours comes out in a decent amount of time.All in all, Hyatt Place is a great deal and great place to stay for conventions or just to get away from the chaos of the strip.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,6/27/2008,250,97,11,8,9>THE club to hit up in vegas on a thursday night.when we got to the top of the escalator, my jaw dropped. literally. the whole entire upper level was FILLED with people trying to get in here. there were about 4 different lines going into this club. the regular line which looked like the line for the haunted mansion at disneyland which wrapped and wrapped and wrapped around. eta 3 hours. the line of good looking people who were picked out of that line. eta 2 hours. the vip line. eta 1 hour. and the table line. (yes, there is a goddamn table line. after spending $3k on a table, NO one should have to wait. but whatever.) eta 20 min. because i am BFFs with the most fabulous girls in vegas, we promptly stepped into the table line (no, we didn't pay a cent.) FINALLY, our IDs got checked and we hopped onto the elevator up. we found our table yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOk quickly which was accompanied by the dashing ADAM the security guy who was at our beck and call. adam kept the nasties and the scrubs away. seriously, it's OUR bottle of grey goose and get off our damn couch!!!! in between vodka shots, we made our way to the bar and the bartenders were pretty on top of it. i only had to wait about 5 minutes to get my drinks poured. my only complaint is that the drinks are EFFING expensive. two long islands and 5 shots of patron yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOk cost this cheapass $79. WTF!?! oh well, i'm in vegas... there were two dance floors. we made our way to both of them and we immediately made our way back to our table to make our own little dance floor. yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOk the dance floor was SO full, you could barely shake your ass and while you are trying to shake your ass, someone's hand (who knows whose?) is planted firmly on your buttcheek or on your boob. tao was perfect for me. yelp.com/biz_photos/ECOk but we did have a table. i would probably be complaining like a little bitch if we had to wait in that disneyland line and had to spend our whole entire time on that dance floor. and the booths are perfect for making out with the vegas random of your choice. i'm just sayin'...
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2008,6/26/2008,261,194,10,10,12>I've been here a couple of times and I really loved it the first time. This time it was just okay, although the sangria maintains five stars on it's own. We had a pitcher between the two of us girls and I think I drank 3/4 of it. Don't bother with the grouper and the beef skewers, which were so-so. But loved the macaroni and cheese...that's a definite must have. I think I had the sausages on a trip a couple years ago and that's a good one too.I've got to hand it to them, though. This is a great place for a party. Lots of people having good times here, so the atmosphere is lively and fun. Even we got sucked into a bachelor party celebration.But really...I came for the sangria more than the food...comes in red, white and sparkling. I've only tried the red, and like I said, I drank most of it by myself...little lush that I am.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2008,6/25/2008,354,285,17,16,13>....Rehab.....I was speechless before and you leave me speechless afterHere is a rundown.  You have two choices when coming here A.  come looking good with your hot friends and skip the lineB.  get here early and wait in the 3 hour line , yes, people waited 3 hours to get in here (I don't know why)  and then pay $100 if you are a guy and $40 if you are a girl cover chargeThank you again Vegas for being so good to us and allowing us to skip the line.  So that we could quickly be marched, yes marched, to the front of the line to be paraded into this debauchery.    This place is insane, insanely packed, insanely expensive and in my opinion a bit overrated.  We were lucky that we were here on a nice day and it was only about 80* not the typical Vegas summer of 115.  The place gets jam packed with people and the line for the girls bathroom was about an hour long.  Fortunately, we had VIP so we were able to go up stairs were it was less crowded and make drinks at the the private cabanas.  Like I said I cant imagine being here and not having VIP and having to be packed down stairs with the Dirty, and then pay $40 to get in and then run up a bar tab for drinks!  Plus there is no where to stand let alone sit or to set your things down unless you have VIP.I must add after going here my friend and I now use this as a "would you rather".  Here is an example "Would you rather have to spend the whole day at Rehab again or get punched in the face"Yes that is what we are comparing this pricey, packed, over crowded day too.  Trust me you may take the 2nd option after being here for 6 hours.PS.  you will most likely get in some celeb or sports player sighting here.  my friends always do.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2007,6/19/2008,680,164,6,15,14>Kristine, my "lil sis" from college and I were treating ourselves to a nice dinner (during our weekend away in Vegas)... and Hank's looked like the perfect spot for our night out. Upon walking in the dimly lit dining room, I was impressed by the decor, and the plethora of servers busily running around the dining room.  As we were escorted to the very back of the dining room, we joked that we were being sat at the kids table....still the ambiance was relaxing, and the drink menu was abundant. I ordered a Brassy Blonde martini, a spin on my favorite pineapple martini which didn't live up to it's predecessor, but still - it was tasty and tart.The basket of bread they sat in front of us was warm and had a great variety to settle our appetites while we waited for one 1 of the 3 servers that were assigned to take care of our table.  Now THAT's service!  We ordered:The Chopped Salad (and split it between us)2 petite filets (mine with a Gorgonzola crust)A side of creamed corn (and split it between us)A side of jumbo baked yam (and split it between us)The salad arrived - small portions split on two plates between us.  It was delicious UNTIL I bit down on something SUPER hard and sharp. OUCH!  Seriously, I thought I broke my tooth. When I removed the item, it looked and felt like part of my tooth... Kristine called the server over, and he called the manager over to see what it was that I had bitten.  It was a sharp piece of crab shell!  In my salad!  Thank God I'm not allergic to shell fish because it could have been a much bigger issue.  Anyway, I digress.  The manager asked if I needed medical attention... but after feeling my tooth - I told him that while it hurt, it didn't feel like it was broken... so he comped our salad, and we moved on.I decided to order a glass of red wine to complement my steak and requested it prior to our steaks being delivered....The steaks came out - and while mine was perfect, Kristine's was super over done.  The server noticed, and insisted on bringing her a new steak - and that it was only take "1 minute, 1 minute, 1 minute" so I kept eating mine... as she still had the sides to munch on.  10+ minutes later, my steak is gone, and hers was just re-arriving. This time it was perfect, but so much for dining together...and my glass of wine was just arriving by this point. (Side note, the cream corn and the yams were both excellent)So now we're both stuffed and ready to go into food coma mode... even with my sore jaw/tooth but the server insisted once again, that he bring us dessert.   We chose the molten lava cake... which was rich, gooey inside and a little dry on the outside... EH.  Not the best I've had... but it was a nice gesture. So...almost $200.00 later, the two of us bid farewell to the steakhouse at Green Valley Ranch Resort....and I didn't think I'd think much of it again... it was good food, great service but not necessarily a place I'd go back to.....Now fast forward a week later.... I am snacking on a piece of bread (SOFT BREAD) and I hear a crunch.  My tooth broke in half!!! The same tooth that I injured during my dinner at Hank's - eating a chopped salad!  Seriously?  Looks like I'm heading to the dentist... UGH!
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2008,6/18/2008,114,255,10,10,11>sometimes i am embarrassed to admit it but i am such a fob. i have a way of finding myself in korean joints wherever i go, and vegas was no different. after a long night of being pushed and shoved in vegas "it" spots, my friend and i just wanted to be left alone and find a place where we can enjoy our drinks in peace. we hopped in our car and off we drove through and out of the strip and found ourselves front of the large blue neon sign "zizzy." zizzy is a typical ktown karaoke bar/cafe. food: it was after 2am, and this girl's gotta watch her figure so food for me.drinks: they also serve cocktails but i don't trust koreans with cocktails. soju ($13-14) and beer ($7/hite beer)  cost about $1 more than typical places in la ktown. fruit juice, coffee, and tea (typical cafe drinks) are also available. layout: there are about 6-7 tables with comfy chairs and a bar in the front. there are private karaoke rooms in the back.atmosphere: dim lights... fobby kpop music... it should feel very familiar to you if you've been to ktown joints. "service": service in a korean slang term here refers to free food or free alcohol served to keep the customers happy. they give dry salted peanuts as "service'karaoke: the small room costs $25/hr. the music selection is once again very typical (mostly Korean songs, some Japanese and limited English songs), but the sound system is horrible. now back to my story...we sat at the lounge/bar section and ordered our drinks at first and then we decided to try the karaoke. two girls in a small karaoke room singing (it's more like yelling for me) our hearts out, dancing around the room, and shaking the tambourines for almost two hours... we definitely scared the waiters. as we were leaving, i saw their frightened eyes trailing us out the door.  i would give this place 4stars but the disco light in our room was out and they didn't do anything about it. we asked if we could change our room since it wasn't a busy night and seemed like they had other rooms available but they told us that they didn't have anymore small rooms left and they refused to do anything about. karaoking without the disco light doesn't complete the real karaoke experience hence the minus one star.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,6/17/2008,64,32,4,7,9>Heard about Ichiza from my roommate on her last trip to Vegas, and decided to check it out with the family on our annual Vegas trip. I have to give this place extra props because my parents actually liked it. What was I doing bringing my totally unhip Vietnamese parents to a pretty hipster izakaya in Vegas? Well, they don't like sushi, and wanted to taste other Japanese food. And because I'm such an accomodating daughter, I figured this would be a good opportunity. But it didn't occur to me that the place had pretty much all bar food and young patrons. So when we stepped in, I felt so uncool at first, but with my mom being so cute and my dad being so genteel to the waitresses, I was reminded that they have been in this country long enough to know how to deal with non-viet-traditional people. My mom ordered a TOFU STEAK (I guess that sounded appetizing to her), and out came a huge square of lightly marinated tofu on a bed of boiled bean sprouts. My parents pretty much devoured that whole dish, bean sprouts and all. Dad ordered the ika-yaki (grilled squid) and loved how it was seasoned. I was happy he ordered it because I got to eat it, too. I got the soft shell crab and sis got the soba noodles. We had a few more dishes (chicken gizzard, more tofu, etc.) and all them were pretty tasty. All the food came out fresh and light. We all felt full enough with our 10 or so dishes and no one had indigestion or that gross feeling of super grease afterward. My parents, being so polite, thanked the manager and the waitresses in their accented English and said that they hope to see them again. And for a moment I felt that my parents were pretty hip...
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,6/16/2008,397,307,4,9,7>Tiny portions, wonderfully prepared.The Hot Rocks is thinly sliced sirloin marinated in tangy soy and sesame oil sauce and arranged raw on a place. A heated rock is brought in a steam rack and the meat is cooked briskly on the sizzling surface. It was delicious, however 6 slivers of beef isn't going to cut it for an entree. I had to order a second serving.The tator tot side dish was $10 for 6 tots. Practically robbery! The lamb shank was the only offering that looked hearty and filling, however the portions compensate for the lack in flavor. I'd rather eat 2 bites of heaven than scarf down a plate full of crap. Food was good, but here is my only complaint: when I drop $150 for a 2person dinner I expect to be happy and sluggish, not longing for a snack 30 mins later. And we ordered like kings: 2 servings of Hot Rocks, side of spinach, whipped potatoes and tator tots, cream of tomato soup with mini grilled cheese sandwiches, lamb shank, and tuna fish tacos. How can that not be enough food!?
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,6/15/2008,87,251,5,7,7>Based on the reviews, it seems you either love or hate this place.  That's what originally drew me to it, i had just checked into my hotel some firends and family to celebrate my 21st, and in amongst some downtime and getting unpacked, i immediately started thinking about where to go prior to the nights out that were soon due to come.  So i opened "THE BOOK" in The Hotel and while flipping through the pages i noticed an add for an Italian Cafe that had the picture of a big guy (Vin Diesel Looking) and a 2 paragraph dissertation on how his cafe became.  The long and the short of the ad, is that he loved to cook since he was young, so he calls himself a cook not a chef, and does things his way.  Basically the story said; A customer came in once and was insisiting that he turned down the music, and he politely said "Sir, this is the image that my restaurant upholds and what we are, so i'm sorry i cannot do that." The customer became extremely mad and began to demand and yell at the owner, and the owner told the man to get up and GTFO!  As soon as i was done reading that, i was sold, "This was a place i must check out", mainly becasue it's rare that people and restaurants now a days still have a backbone, and don't let people walk all over them.The theme of the restaurant is his way or the highway, where from 5-7pm music like sinatra is played, then from 7-8pm it's 80's music, and then from 9-close is club style hip hop since the restaurant turns into a 1/2 club at night.  And throughout any of this, the music will pause, the lights will dim and all of the many plasmas on the walls will show one of his favorite scenes from one of his favorite moives (casino,the godfather, knockaround guys.....) and then quickly before anything gets too gory the music resumes and the lights come back up. The food, is the best hands down italian food i have ever had and 1/2 of my family is from a little family owned city in northern italy called consa.We ordered the chef's choice which is an (5 course) assortment of food both on and off the menu, and whatever the owner/cook feels like making.  It was a bit pricey ($125 pp for chefs choice) but i know there are other things for sub $30 and $40 on the menu, plus it's vegas, what isn't pricey if it's not good, i mean really good.  You get what you pay for and you're not in vegas all the time, so indulge a bit.  We also had a personal wine concierge that helped us select wine throughout the meal, and our waiter who's name was meatball was extremely helpful in preparing us for what we were about to experience (the most food in one meal i have ever seen).  One of my personal favorites was the crab and lobster stuffed shellfish (that was not on the menu).  Holy mother that was good!  They also have a more than capable bar, and you can take a photo with "the cook"All in all, it was hands down my favorite place to eat in vegas, and i will definately be returning when i go back there.  If you want some killer italian food, and a memorable atmosphere, you must make a stop here.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,6/13/2008,84,244,11,12,11>Our last day in Vegas and we decided to skip the Strip, stick close to my parents' condo and go to Santa Fe for food and bowling before our flight back to San Francisco. I was pleasantly surprised! The Sunday morning brunch buffet was actually quite good! There was an omelet bar and donut station. Fresh fruit and other brunch goodies. All nice and clean and new. I believe it was $16.99 per person. And bowling! Black light bowling! They had at least 2 dozen lanes. Nice new bowling shoes. One round of bowling for 4 people, less than 30 bucks! Not bad! There's also a theater in here and I guess an ice skating rink too!
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,6/12/2008,157,124,7,8,7>If we overlook the fact that the restaurant wrote down our reservation for 10 for the wrong night, my group's dining experience here was exceptional and we were pleased that they were still able to seat us despite this error. The service was incredibly fast (3 people from our group were late and we completely finished our meal by the time they arrived,) and the food was fabulous. The flavors were crisp, unique, and every bite of food was like an explosion in my mouth. Since we shared all the dishes we ordered, that pretty much means that we only got one bite so we savored it for all that it was worth. Damn you Nobu for being so expensive! Otherwise I would have ordered 2 of everything!A couple of dishes I would recommend trying are:-yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno-toro tartar with caviar-black cod with miso-rock shrimp tempura-new zealand mussels with the garlic sauce***The MUST try dish is the FISH/LOBSTER TACOS!!!***They are not on the menu here, but you can special order them and they are AWESOME. I have pictures to prove it.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,6/11/2008,0,0,13,15,13>You know, I'm really not a picky eater, unless you call those that abstain from eating flesh "picky."  Since I don't, thus, I do not call myself a picky eater.  I will eat anything that tastes good, and I give many foods the benefit of the doubt, even when they don't cause taste explosions upon my tongue.However, there's one thing - and only one thing - that I ever ask of my Thai food - that you f*ckin' make it spicy, baby!  Make my nose run!  Make my eyes water!  Light my mouth on fire!  Gimme your best shot!  Make it hurt!And Mix Zone Cafe came the closest in a long time in actually answering that call to order.When I ordered my green curry with tofu, not only did I have the option to make it "hot" or "mild," I had options one through four in how hot I'd like it.  Oh hell yes, baby, now you're a-speakin' my language!  Of course, I opted for as hot as hot can be, and, unlike other Thai establishments I've patronized, I wasn't given the she-ain't-Asian-can-she-handle-it look of condescension.  The waitress - tattooed, pierced, and clearly hip - just took down my order, and with nary a judgmental glance or twitch, set off to the kitchen.Five minutes later, wabam!  Beauty in a bowl with a side of rice.  I swear, I've never been struck by the beauty of a dish so much as I was with my green curry with tofu.  I mean, for the prices (more on that later), you'd expect at least some sort of slacking in the delivery.  Nope.  Quality through and through.I know you're dying to know - was it spicy enough?Baby, I'm insatiable.  I could always take it hotter, stronger, and spicier.  But you know what?  It made my nose stuffy, and by the end, I was sniffling and had gone through two large glasses of water.  Spiciest concoction I've had in a long time (without adding sriracha sauce, that is).  And tasty, tasty, tasty to boot.For three people, our entire bill was - gasp! - $24.  Oh yes.  I wouldn't lie about that.I'm not the biggest fan of Vegas (sorry, Charlie, it ain't really my bag), but living like a local pays off tenfold when I can eat well and slap the crap out of my buck at places like Mix Zone Cafe.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,6/10/2008,195,200,10,7,8>Walking through the halls of The Cathouse reminded me of the Haunted Mansion in Disneyland.  Yes, I know that sounds really absurd, but if you can get in this joint, check out the "rooms" and tell me they don't!? After a really generous friend (read: high roller) was kind of enough to pay for 2 (!!) bottles for our group of 14, we were escorted to a cute booth inside the Cathouse.  The music on Friday was awesome, the crowd was getting low, low, low, low, and *gasp* I saw some apple bottom jeans.I can finally say I've been to the Cathouse without feeling like a dirty ho.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,6/9/2008,31,26,7,9,10>So my sister had told me about this place and I was hesitant due to the fact that we in LA have sprinkle. Well sprinkle has nothing on this place. They have the best cupcakes and variety I have ever seen. Not only do the taste good but they look so cute. the store is also very cute and clean. The help is very nice, friendly, and knowledgeable. Price is worth the cupcake. $30 for a dozen and if your a local you buy 12 dozen and get a 13th free with a punch card. They have little mini samples to taste. I bought a dozen, I tasted the Southern Belle which is red with a cream cheese frosting. This is there BEST cupcake it is so great the cake melts in your mouth while the frosting has a great texture to it and amazing flavor. I also got the Boston Cream Cake, strawberry with champange frosting, Chocolate, and Banana. They were all equally good in there own way. Each with the cake melting and perfect texture and frosting with excellent flavors. If you are in Vegas it is a MUST EAT!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,6/8/2008,60,282,5,7,6>One of the more memorable 9 oz. filets I've ever had, just cooked to perfection with a nice outer crust.  Heaven with a pink center.Overall, a very good meal.  Wife had the Caesar salad, which I got to taste.  Very simple, very classic, very well done.  The crouton was amazing.I went for an appetizer special:  Tuscan salami and duck ham over greens and mushrooms.  The salami was excellent, but everything else seemed to be overly competitive on the plate.  There was a lot going on.I didn't care for any of the sauces that they present with the steaks, but then again I rarely put anything on a steak these days aside from the tines of my fork.I had a side of truffled creamed corn, which just didn't work for me.  I enjoy hints of flavors and found the truffle a bit over the top and overwhelming.Wife had the beef short ribs, which were outstanding, though I found the sauce to be a bit on the rich side.For dessert we shared a nightly special chocolate souffle.  It was amazing.  It was well accompanied by a very nice cup of cappuccino.The service was top-notch, attentive, and timely.  Overall, a very good experience worth the money.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,6/6/2008,71,149,8,10,14>Love it! I needed something to inspire me to get back on Yelp, and this was the perfect place to do it!  I played all of my favorite old school video games like: Ms. Pacman, Tetris, and Donkey Kong.  I played old school pinball games and some newer ones.  I loved the way the older pinball machines felt.  I can't describe it, it's just something you have to experience yourself. A perfect way to lose yourself for a couple hours on a rainy weekend afternoon or any afternoon.  The lighting is dim and perfect.  I think it would be the perfect place to take a date to act a little silly and get to know someone a little better...any volunteers?
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,6/4/2008,237,131,18,15,16>hungry or not, this place makes me wanna eat.  there are two things in life that make me ogle, "d"aniel henney and "d"esserts.  daniel henney is a fiiiiiiinnnnnne piece of artwork.  don't believe me?  here, check him out for yo'self: youtube.com/watch?v=LAmOyes.  hello.             there.  i'm glad we can agree on SOME things  :)his voice  "alone"  makes me melt.  he's HOTTER than hot lava baby!ANYWAY....let's talk about jean philipe patisserie.  the variety of desserts make my mouth water.  the decor was simple and beautiful.  i love the chocolate waterfall display behind a uniquely designed glass wall.  it's like viewing a live piece of artwork.everything looked so yummy.  they got petits fours, cookies, cakes, salad, sandwiches (cold, hot and mini), sweet & savory crepes and gelato ice cream.  oh!  and fruit shakes too!i came here for breakfast on saturday and there was a huge line.  i happily waited.  i had the ham and cheese panini ($9.50), peanut butter cookie ($3.50) and tropical smoothie (pineapple juice, fresh banana, mango puree and coconut sorbet - i forgot the price) mmmm....mmmm....mmmm....my tummy "meowed".  this is a great place for breakfast or lunch if you want to spend at least 20 buckaroos.  don't forget to bring back a few of the viennoiserie (freshly baked items) for ME and i promise to u.f.c. you lots of love!  :)
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,6/3/2008,994,107,7,6,9>the colors attract the essencethe presence fulfills that aura that no other casino has, haveor is yet to have.  atmosphere islively and inviting enough to enjoy anything and everythingstrong enough to over come the sudden loss of money atrisk.  workers work and havethat extra umff of having THEfun table.  not the sad, killingtime table that only talks whenthe bartender comes aroundor when you win or lose.  butthose in between moments that only the fun table has.  enjoy planet hollywood.  the name is their reputation.  andi thank you planet hollywood.thank you. =P
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2007,6/2/2008,365,288,7,8,9>It is with great melancholy that I learned yesterday of the demolition of the New Frontier casino and hotel down on the lonely end of the Vegas strip.youtube.com/watch?v=S9THYes, high end Vegas is a lot of fun. But, I really had a soft spot in my heart for this truly old-school place.I was first schooled on this place in 2002 by an old co-worker (thanks, Whipps) who dragged a bunch of us out for a round of rides on the mechanical bull - after which I had sore groin muscles for literally six days from the 25 seconds of leg clenching for dear life.Last year, I had the distinct pleasure of spending a festive evening with friends (also on a business trip) in an effort to escape the corporate drudgery of the casinos and clubs up the strip. Our Tuesday evening went something like this: chicken strips, Jack Daniels, bull rides, fried mozzarella sticks, Miller Genuine Draft, potato skins, wagering on the mud wrestling, more beer.  You get the picture. And, I can't help but mention one of the coolest gambling contraptions in the entire state of Nevada... the mechanical horse-races. Man, I hope that thing was spared. Please let me know if anyone spots that awesome machine.  Good times.God speed, New Frontier.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2008,6/1/2008,129,114,5,5,7>Didn't spend a lot of time here. I had a whiskey sour that I had gotten for free from another casino. It was about noontime and I was purchasing the fried Twinkie and fried Oreo (what else?). They were both good and well worth the 99 cents, but they did not go well at all with a whiskey sour. It was almost a culinary episode from hell, but I managed to keep it real.I tried a drink my friends got here later, and it was pure rocket fuel. They had purchased one of the 1//2 yard containers made with Everclear, and then apparently added another "shot" of Everclear to whatever they bought. They both thought it tasted like a normal drink, but um yeah, they probably weren't sober.Yes, this place is *sigh* just a casino, so if you're looking for an overpriced shopping mall, the Strip is for you. This scene is not for everyone, though, so if the ridiculously strong drinks and fried Twinkies are not appealing, not much of a reason to go here.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,5/31/2008,297,587,4,10,8>This weekend in Vegas, my friends and I came here for dinner based on a very high recommendation. They have a great deal on the prefixed meals - your choice of appetizer, entree, and dessert from a select menu for only $48. Considering we were in a fancy shmancy restaurant in the fancy shmancy Wynn Hotel, this was definitely a bargain in my book. And if you can't tell, I'm not really a fancy shmancy girl. Earlier that day, my friend and I were discussing the term "brasserie," where comfort food should [ideally] be done well. So I figured, what's more comforting than roasted chicken? Mr. Boulud passed my test with flying colors; my palate was very pleased with the simply prepared chicken breast that was perfectly savory and succulent atop creamy potatoes. I also had a taste of the delicately buttery Loop de Mer, another option on the prefixed menu. Another great dish was the pork trio (roasted pork, ribs, and sausage) though it was on the regular menu. For my appetizer, I had the liver pate. Being Vietnamese, I love pate (especially in VC sandwiches), so this was perfect for me. Served with really cute pickled sides and soft wheat toast (see pictures), I devoured it in 5 minutes flat. Unfortunately, it almost made me too full to eat my yummy entree. Heheh, almost. For dessert, my peach clafoutis would have been much better if they didn't top it with ginger ice cream...I hate anything with ginger. However, the milk chocolate parfait was deliciously rich and chocolatey. To top it off, we caught Wynn's light show. Strange but somewhat entertaining. Then again, it's probably more for the fancy shmancy crowd.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2008,5/30/2008,16,18,4,10,5>EDIT: wow ROTD? Cool. Don't know how it happened but I'll take the fame and glory! thxI kind of have mixed feelings about this place. I just went this past Saturday and I will say that I had more fun here than I had at Poetry on Friday. I've been hearing nothing but bad things about this place but I had to check it out because it's Jay's spot and I've never been to the one in NY. Now the place is HUGE but maybe because I didn't go in until 2AM (no line) there just wasn't that many people inside. What I can say though is, it's wayyyyy too overpriced for what you get. Yeah the music was great, the decor is off the chain, but I paid 30 to get in. Then paid another 30 for 2 f*ckin drinks!!!! I'm sorry even for vegas that's doing too much. No wonder chicks were houndin me for drinks all night (broke a$$es). Anyway, other than that everyone there was real cool, security is cool and friendly, the chicks weren't all completely stuckup compared to the hoodrats at Poetry. My drunk ass just had fun and I had a great time. Now would I go back? Ummm maybe if I got in for free or maybe if there was a special event, but honestly it's just a sports lounge that doesn't offer anything special besides having the bragging rights of saying you went to 40/40. So here's some inside info that I got from security, so if you plan on dressing or looking hood, you can't say you were not warned. Security is so strict (Palazzo ain't playin') that they filter out who they don't want in the club from the ENTRANCE OF THE CASINO! So let's say you pull in you ride smellin like weed bumpin some Wayne lookin like a bloods and crips reunion album cover, the security from the entrance radios the valet parking, when you pull up to valet parking, they will tell you it's full, so they hope that instead of trying to find self parking and walking to the club you'll just end up going somewhere else. Now let's say that you do self park and walk all the way over to the club, well the security in the casino already knows who to look for they radio the club door and they will tell you they aren't letting people in, it's packed etc. So my suggestion is dress to impress or you're gonna get th run around, it's VEGAS dammit! If you wanna keep it hood stay on the north side or kick it on the strip in front of PH with all the rest of the hood.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/5/2008,5/29/2008,508,259,10,8,9>Sooo Many FREAKIN LOCALS. I like the ambiance. The food I haven't tried. The drinks are....well drinks. The dfrink menu has a good selection from the actual blue martini, cookies and cream martini, ets...I think overall as a bar they do well. They bring in a dj at night and turn the place into an all out club till 4am. It seems like the djs know how to get jiggy with it and they're all about opp. Eh I guess I really wanted it to be a place to chill at.You get a combination of different people who come here. Sure tourists.....But mostly locals. Lots of Cougars, velociraptors. Industry people, and socialites. Its weird to see them all in one place. The thing I don't like is the trek to the bathroom - it's like if you had to pee or throw up and you were in the outside patio, you're screwed. ESPECIALLY for Number 2! They have security guards and vip hosts, so ya it's kinda clubby. It does hold over 1100 people. So definitely good times. If you're a guy and you can't get laid here then stay home with your credit card handy and a new subscription to adult friendfiners. But be careful. This is a locals place and a lot of people know a lot of people....But ladies it is a smorgasboard of dudes who are too cool for school and vip hosts, and clubbers, and douchers. Ya have fun with that. I should have just not missed the movie.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,5/28/2008,28,206,7,4,3>EDIT 5.28.08- omg I made ROTD! :)  thank you guys! p.s: almost 3 weeks and no divorce yet. ;)-----I got married here yesterday! In the drive-thru!It was kinda busy yesterday and seemed like a lot was going on.We waited almost 1.5 hours before it was our turn. It was that busy! There were 3 other couples behind us at the time too.Finally when it was our turn, the vows and everything took literally 2 minutes max. After the congrats, we were on our way to a happy upcoming journey.Drive thru wedding- $40 + $10 fee=$50There are also many other extras you can buy like pictures,video taping,flowers, etc. Also, be prepared for the tip for the minister. They will hand you an envelope after you sign the receipt. Alsoo, I guess Vegas is a very casual place to get married. Most people didn't even dress up or wear a wedding dress or anything, which was cool. Most of the couples I saw just wore shorts & a t-shirt...a dirty one..with flip flops. It's all good here if you're down for something like this!Don't forget you have to go to the marriage bureau in downtown to obtain a marriage license first before you show up to a chapel. That will cost you $55 + $7 or $10 for a copy of it sent to you.This is the budgetest wedding ever. And more possibly to be called the laziest too. haha.4 stars- the staff was nice and professional. No pressure to buying something you don't want. They only have 1 Minister here so that explains the wait. He was jumping everywhere from the chapels to the drive thru's....nice Hawaiian man. I'm married!!! In Vegas!!!!...in a drive thru. lol =)
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2007,5/27/2008,2065,133,7,9,10>WOW...The servings here are huge, enormous, vast, gigantic, massive, mammoth, colossal, titanic!!  A bit of advice, look to split everything on the menu.  I had the sausage gravy pot pie and it was more than enough for two people.  When our server brought it out, my first words were "holy shit" that's huge (please refrain from any cheap jokes)!  Rosemarie ordered some eggs and a mango coconut pancake.  The pancake was so big that it came out on a pizza platter. This place is American gluttony in a nutshell.  I almost felt guilty that there was so much food. Bottom line, even though the portions are huge...the food is good.  We will definitely be coming back and definitely be sharing....
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,5/26/2008,612,577,11,9,13>I've stayed at Caesar's before but not in true baller status like this past weekend. 2,000 square feet of luxury! Get this...-2 story suite-Marble floors-Jacuzzi bathtub-2 huge rooms-King size beds-4 bathrooms-Bidets-5 TVs (including the ones in the bathrooms)-Pool view-Strip view-Grand piano-Spiral staircase-Big living room-Bucket necket sculptures-BarThis is just what our suite was like...but Caesar's Palace also provides one of the best shopping in LV. Ummm...is it wrong to say that I don't wanna stay in regular rooms anymore?? Cuz I don't. ;p
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,5/25/2008,355,894,10,12,12>So for #200 review, I wanted to write some place special...some place close to my heart...some place that made me happy...unfortunately, it was outside of my state, in Las Vegas. It's my home bar away from home. It's so great here, I wished I live closer. I have been coming here about once every 4-6 months for the last ten years.  Here is why.Come here for happy hour. I believe it's weekdays from 3-6. I was lucky enough to make it down here despite the weekend traffic and stopping by Mirage for a quick conference this past Friday. Once here, if you were by yourself like I was, you will be fortunate enough to just hop to the bar, watch the NBA playoffs on the flat screens, have a beer in hand, and converse with the locals.What do you order here during happy hour? THE BREWMASTER SPECIAL.-I had a porter this time, which I might add, is something I usually do not drink. Folks, it was only $2 for a 16 oz. of handcrafter goodness and it was sweet and easy going down. Yes, I had more than one and note, you cannot get this flavor at the tables while you're playing.  I usually get the pale ale here, that is my favorite! An order of hotwings-These aren't the best I've had but it's pretty damn good for sharing or if you're a pig like me, just eat it yourself and it'll set you back only $4.25. An order of oysters-They are your normal oysters, nothing too special, though they are sweet and it is cleaned through well. 6 pcs are only $7.50. Comes with the cocktail sauce and horseradish. These prices reflect only during happy hour. I have to say, this past Friday, I was really happy in less than an hour.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,5/24/2008,413,1464,7,11,11>A sweet little self-sustained palace of fun off the strip, I maybe don't hate that we're having a meeting here next year.  The design of the place is gorgeous and very fun, and it's just not quite so VEGAS-y as the rest of the strip.  I understand that this is more of a "locals" casino.  But with a spa, a movie theatre, a bowling alley, and plenty of dining, drinking and dancing options (even a wee tiny bit of overpriced shopping), I don't know what else you could want.  I mean if you had to be stranded in a hotel for a week, I'd recommend Red Rock where you most likely wouldn't have time to get bored.  ** update **The rooms are fab and those suites?!  Crazy.  From "ooh nice" to "WOW, really?" to "OMFG, you have got to be kidding me" - both in price and design (someone please bring me to stay a week in the two bedroom ones that have their own little patio deck with hot tub, mini cabana, bar, etc. - I promise to love you forever; oh and since we're here anyway spending crazy amounts of money - maybe we can rent out one of the private bowling alleys, kthx.).  The pool area was great too, and everything is laid out so well so it's aesthetically pleasing from just about every angle (see the rooms that look down onto the pool as an example, or the view of Red Rock at sunset in the reflection of the glass in the meeting space).  If I could afford it, I would definitely stay here.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2008,5/23/2008,728,671,6,7,8>Skip the weekends and check out Sunday School or Wednesday nights, esp for house music. Better yet, go straight to the semi-secret side room for a more intimate setting and better chance of good DJs. Girls get somewhat fast-tracked at the door by signing up in advance on napkinights.com (or wearing lingerie on the OUTSIDE of your clothes, of course).
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2008,5/22/2008,21,1516,4,5,5>Old-school Vegas place.  Originally, I was apprehensive as it was an older place on the strip.  But I was impressed in person...I remember the rooms were huge, and great for the prices...Two queen-sized beds in one bedroom/one bath for a very reasonable price.   Decent view of the strip too.  The place was really clean too.The people/service was quite friendly and helpful.  The amenities were okay...but we had a decent package with coupons for food and discounts on their topless show.  It was a great time for us just-turned-21-year-olds then.    The show was okay...and the food was interesting...some of it was a bit over-priced and plenty of it was dirt-cheap.  We were all semi-broke...so...this place was pretty awesome for us!Location is great though...pretty much in the middle of everything... It was nice to walk through the casinos...;-) especially as it was 90+ degrees out at the time!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,5/21/2008,47,312,6,7,7>When you're visiting a city, it's certainly difficult to know which restaurants are right for your party. My friends and I took a chance on Nove and were very pleased. This flashy restaurant is perfect for a fun party or a romantic date. When ordering at Nove, I would recommend straying from pizza or pasta. I sampled a few dishes and loved every last bite. Why not order the octopus appetizer? It's Vegas, take a risk.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,5/20/2008,244,357,,10,5>My friends and I decided to go to Aveda, since one of our classmates recommended it (and she always had nice hair). She mentioned that the haircuts were cheap too, only $15! When I arrived there, I was greeted by one of the junior students. She was very friendly, and would explain everything that she was doing. She also explained about each fabulous AVEDA product that she used on me.What's nice about the haircuts are that there are a lot of COMPLIMENTARY services included in that $15. First, they give you a stress relieving scalp treatment (you can choose from 3 different scents like energizing, calming, and beautiful. I chose CALM because it had a lighter scent). After that, they shampoo and condition your hair. During the conditioning process, the student would ask if I wanted a mini facial (complimentary!), and a hand/arm massage (complimentary too!). If you were wearing makeup, they would even offer a comp make-up touch-up.The students here get about 11 weeks training to do hair, and are later allowed to take clients. They each get about 2 clients a day. Most of the students are only there for about a year (Tuition is like $17K a year for them!). Make sure you get at least a junior or senior. You don't want to be getting your hair messed up! There are usually about 4 instructors on the floor, so many of the students would have to ask their instructors for some tips or advice when they encounter certain dilemmas. Don't worry! These instructors are very experienced, and make sure the students won't destroy your hair!No tipping is allowed here. However, when you buy any Aveda products, it goes to the stylist/haircutter (especially if you really wanted to tip).All of the students took their time with my friends and me (We were there for about 2 hours+!) Please be patient if you have one of the students who is VERY careful. The students were very responsive and friendly. I would definitely come back here again for my stylist to do some coloring/highlighting or even perms. They also offer Esthetics, which include relaxation packages (oil massages), stress reliever packages, exfoliating back facials, pure focus facials, and awakening wraps! Maybe a wrap in the near future?
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,5/19/2008,84,153,5,5,6>Greek Village Cafe is located on that strip of Eastern south of the 215 that is home to more soul-less corporate restaurant concepts than I want to believe actually are there...Soul is definitely served up here -- a few operators I know would say they do more things wrong than right -- but they're from that soul-less side...so I'd like to say that GVC does the things right that truly matter.  They cook with love.They care about their guests.A friend tipped me off to GVC - she'd heard about it from a co-worker -- so we went over last night after our workout to check it out.  Not really in the mood for something heavy, but definitely for a glass of wine and hopefully, a pleasant surprise -- and we found both.Jenny, GVC's amenable, friendly, 100% Greek manager -- and a bit of a potty-mouth (if I were to be completely honest - but I still love her!) happily poured us a taste of her favorite Greek white -- they had several.  She's proud of the list since she put it together.Then surmising by our goddess looks...uh right...she suggested we order small plates and share.  We ordered the headlining saganaki -- and in a snap, Yanni, the owner, whipped out a portable burner and flambeed the unsuspecting kasseri into a crispy, lemon doused yummy treat -- Jenny highly recommended the keftedes (Greek meatballs) and she was right -- lamb, light, herby (was that marjoram?) and a tomato sauce made with love.  We were happy...But also, they had Taramasalata as a special -- and it happens to be one of my favorite things in the world -- and they do a very nice job here.  What's not to love -- the color, the roe, the brininess, the lemon -- yum.GVC has a few other things worth noting -- one got our attention as we walked in the door -- a disco ball -- and it was on -- and sparkly...uh huh...   And that's because there is actually a dance floor -- hey, it is a Greek restaurant.  And apparently on weekends, beginning Friday nights, Yanni gets busy onstage -- bouzouki-playing, Greek dancing, ouzo guzzling -- goodtime... we'll definitely be back for that show...and to participate.  There is also hookah -- go smoke a peach...Look, there's a lot to love here -- go with an open mind, and overlook their horrible plastic menu covers -- and have a good time.  As for me, I'm so happy to have them in the neighborhood -- with Le Golosita, they're certainly upping the spirit this side of town.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,5/18/2008,107,407,3,4,4>We had a large party so we had to wait to be seated but as you come in the decor is all Asian Fusion flair and  and modern.  Once seated we got our drinks pretty quick and ordered a ton of small plates of: springrolls, spicy tuna rolls, prawns, yummy kobe sirloin, lobster wontons, etc.. Everything tasted pretty good but I was not wowed.  I ordered the chocolate parfait and it was the best!! Service seemed very prompt overall.  I think the place is nice but pretty pricey and maybe just a place you go one time and that is it.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2008,5/17/2008,515,371,2,9,8>The brunch at Bouchon is heaven!  I've been here twice and love it every time.  Apparently Bouchon is owned by the same guy who owns French Laundry in Yountville near Napa.  He wanted to create a more "affordable" version of French Laundry.   I definitely need to try out French Laundry!   I was even happier to find out that there is a Bouchon in Yountville as well.  :)We ordered the following dishes (pictures are attached):Bouchon French Toast- bread pudding style with warm layers of brioche, custard and apples.  Served w maple syrup 11.95Sourdough Waffles with fresh banana, maple syrup and Tahitian vanilla bean butter 11.50- this was my dish and it was the BEST waffles I have ever had in my life.  They were light, crisp, and perfect.  The vanilla bean butter, banana, and pecans took it to another level.  Omlette du Jour- that day it was asparagus and cheese, served with sausage or bacon and toasted brioche 16.95Croque Madame- Toasted ham and cheese on brioche with a fried egg and mornay sauce.  Served w pommes frites.  16.95 - I tried some of my friend's croque madame and it was RIDICULOUSLY tasty.  Think Moons over my hammy at Denny's.  It's 10 million times better.Of course we ordered some cream-filled beignets, fruit salad, side of sausage, and side of BACON.  The sides were huge.   I wasn't a big fan of their sausage, but their bacon....ohhhhh their bacon...drool... delicious.  We ate a lot.  Our waiter seemed scared.You need to come here for brunch if you are in Vegas.  Remember to get the waffles and the croque madame.  You can thank me later!  ;)4.5 stars.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,5/16/2008,930,548,4,11,10>Simply put, this is a nice hotel. It's basically a non-ridiculous version of the Venetian. And by that, I mean there are no gondolas meandering through the hotel, and no fake sky above. It is what it is, a classy hotel.The room slept 6 of us very comfortably. The bathrooms are huge so that 3 or more people can get ready to go out at the same time. Three flat screens to keep everyone entertained and a fancy table that lights up bottles quite wonderfully.The couch/living area rules, and the suites are big enough to entertain at least 10 people. Your hotel room can be pre party central.The bell person who brought our bags to our room noticed that we went to Albertson's and bought a bunch of liquor and mixers - so he brought us a bucket for ice! Wow, now that was thoughtful.Jessica, Connie and Nicole were two doors away from me. Although they couldn't get us connecting rooms, they at least tried to get us as close as possible which was just as was awfully kind of them.I would definitely stay here again should I ever find myself going to Vegas.Solid.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,5/14/2008,341,1031,8,9,11>This is new my favorite spot in Vegas, and I've got the sunburn to prove it.  I loved that there were no squealing kids in the pool, just squealing girls trying to remember what they did last night.  If you're a girl with a decent bod, you should be able to get a pass to get in free.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,5/13/2008,1362,984,8,12,10>Bazic Bar & Restoyaky serves up what I would call Korean bar food.  It's located on the second floor of the Pacific Asian Plaza.  They have a bunch of random Asian dishes that are meant to be shared with friends over a few drinks.  Their specialty though is their fried chicken deep fried in olive oil!  As a result, we had to try it!  We got the Leg and Thigh Special, 5 pieces for $7.95.  It came with a basic cabbage salad with Thousand Island-like dressing and a side order of pickled daikon.  The BF is the connoisseur on fried chicken and he thought it was pretty good.We also got the Sweet Rice Crust Soup with Seafood for $17.99.  It's good enough for about four people to have a small bowl each.  The waiter will come with a big bowl of about four to five rectangular pieces of rice crust.  And then he'll pour the thick soup (more like gravy than broth) onto the rice crust.  It's filled with octopus, calamari, and veggies.  Pretty tasty and the rice stays crispy because the soup is so thick.  (There's a Chinese version called sizzling rice soup, except that soup is more broth-like and the rice may not be in rectangles.)We didn't get any kind of bowl to grind our own sesame seeds like lena d. or Mike C., so maybe that's only if you order the katsu, which we didn't.  And we also came for dinner which I think is a different experience too.I'd definitely want to return to try out their other Korean goodies, but I would prefer going with a larger group so you can order more stuff.  Their portions are meant to share, so it's hard when it's only the two of you.The artwork in the bathrooms makes for interesting conversation (especially the men's room) and there's also a Luxury Music Studio in the back.  (Is that for karaoke?)  There's also a little bell to buzz from your table should you need the staff, that way you don't have to wave them down or go looking for them yourself.Then swing by next door to Dessert Avenue to have some Fried Ice!  Yum!Overall, 3.5 stars.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2007,5/12/2008,296,490,13,13,16>For those of you who don't know me, I have curly hair.  Actually, I have curly, mind-of-its-own hair.If we're being truthful, I have curly, mind-of-its-own hair that prefers to frizz as a display of dissatisfaction with the current weather pattern, water quality or just because it discovered me thinking dark thoughts about electric clippers.In Las Vegas, my hair did not like the dry air.  So, unlike most curly-type locks, mine decided (surprise surprise) to frizz.In retaliation, I marched myself to Robert Cromeans Salon in Mandalay Place and asked if they had an immediate appointment.  (My hair cowered in terror.)  Within five minutes I was being shampooed, given a lovely scalp and neck massage and discussing my hair woes with Ashley.  I wanted a blow out - something to tame my frizzy yet flat 'do.  Ashley came through with a hairstyle that was sleek but still retained some serious curl.  It lasted all night and into the next day.  When I arrived home after a 2 hour plane ride, my hair was still sleek and pretty.  Call me a completely satisfied customer.Vital salon stats:The space is extremely modern.  Stylists are all young, with edgy haircuts/color and that I'm-starting-out vibe.  The fixtures struck me as a bit worn, but that could just be because it's hard to keep that sharp, shiny modern effect looking new.  Prices were in line with what I would pay at home - maybe a bit higher but not unexpected considering the location.  Definitely busy, and several of the clients struck me as regulars, not hotel guests.  My hair, of course, spent most of Monday making me miserable.  We've got to work on that passive-aggressive streak...
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2008,5/10/2008,197,316,1,9,5>Why am I giving the Flamingo four stars?Let's establish one thing first - this is not one of the nicer hotels on the strip.  It can't compete with the likes of Wynn, Bellagio, Paris, etc..  It's not luxurious, and it's not trendy.  HOWEVER if you're looking for a decent hotel with a clean, safe room in a great location, Flamingo fits the bill.  Change your expectations and you'll enjoy it.  Your room will not have a flat screen TV or a big soaking tub.  Now, I did notice that it seemed a little dingier than when I'd stayed here several years ago.  Maybe they're sinking a lot of money into their "Go Rooms" which from the web site, remind me of rooms at some of the W Hotels I've stayed at.  As a bonus, the nice front desk clerk gave us two upgraded rooms instead of the one regular room we though we were getting.  Nice!  I recommend the Flamingo if you're going with a group and don't plan to spend lots of time in your room.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2008,5/8/2008,26,66,3,4,3>Oh my!  Not often do I end a meal with a big old "Mmmmmm!"It was actually more of a Mmmmmm grunt, but anyway.It was my first experience with Chamorro Cuisine (Guamanian).  I  hope I have all of that right...I am hooked.  The dressing for their house salad which is a fresh cut cole slaw is so good I wish I could drink it.  All of the time, everyday.The BBQ chicken (thighs---yum!) were tender & delicious.  It was marinated in a soy based marinade that was just ever so sweet.  The chicken was cooked perfectly too.  The red rice was great as well.  Sticky, with great flavor and color from the achote seeds no doubt.The Pancake a la Mode was huge & it looked ever so indulgent.  A 3 person job easily.The decor is minimal & bright.  Very island.  As is the music & the wonderfully friendly, personal service.Run, don't walk for an unforgettable experience in a town that has as much variety as...oh I don't know.  Just go...
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,5/7/2008,854,542,15,18,15>OH, 4.5 SECKSY STARS!!Very possibly one of the best poolside chill-out spots on the strip!Just hawtness and cocoa butter ev-er-y-where!The cost of admission is, of course, being a guest at Mandalay Bay; thankfully, with the IPC Tech conference in town/@Mandalay for the week, MN and SE were put up here for work.As you pass through the amusement park-like turn-styles where they electronically check your room-key for validity, and once you collect a towel or two from an attendant, the area opens up into a spanning horizon of endless tanned and toned bodies.  Shyness is not an option, apparently.  (Actually, there is a fair amount of porcelain-skinned and not-so-fits *raises hand*, but the grrrrrr-yummies definitely draw your attention!)The centerpiece of the scene is the wave pool, technologically producing modest swells that crash down with a soothing and familiar sound as sunbathers lay out on the beach-chairs or on towels sprawled out on the sand.  Yes, sand.  A course grained sand that actually brushes off fairly easily and, barring any *teeheehee*-playfulness, shouldn't easily find its way into places you'd rather not have it... Along the perimeter, there are at least 4 other aquatic attractions - a lazy river and 3 other pools.  Two of those smaller pools seemed very much patronized by the familial types; couples/grand-couples with children, etc.Also to be found along the edges of the beach are a series of luxurious cabanas outfitted with televisions and whatnot, all of which must come at some astronomical premium, I'm sure.Food and beverages are available via a large outdoor bar and adjacent concession stand, as well as upper-scale restaurants/bars that overlook the beach.  - Via the Bikini Bar, we ordered three (3) mojitos and a bucket-o-coronas (5, canned).  The exorbitant-but-not-unexpected price?  Sixty-eight dollars.- Along those same lines, but far more satisfying were the $10 half-pound Kobe Cheeseburgers available from the snack stand.- Cocktail service is also available on the beach, via waitresses (a la Baywatch, but with drink-trays instead of life-preservers).So, do an extra workout, eschew carbs a bit to get them abs tight, rock your dopest poolside gear and bring yo'secksy-selves to Mandalay Beach... (... but get there friggin' early and bring a credit card!)_________________________________... the powder blue bikini she wore flattered her fit form as she slinked cat-like across the sand towards a towel.  She lifted her stunna-shades, light brown eyes atwinkle in the high sun..."Hi... I'm Marissa.""Hi... Mikey."
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,5/6/2008,90,68,22,10,9>When I was a kid, one of my mother's go-to cocktail party antics was to have her friends guess the cost of her entire outfit. My mother never failed in pulling the most obscenely low price out of her ass, "MY ENTIRE OUTFIT - LESS THAN $1!!!" Growing up, my mother routinely dragged me to estate sales where I would horrifyingly watch her bargain with an aging fiduciary for a dead person's undergarments. Every Sunday my sister and I would be forced to spend hours with her in the dusty clearance section of Ross Dress for Less, as she tried on endless pairs of scuffed Anne Taylor pumps. The fact that my mother exacted some strange satisfaction from being bombastically vocal about her spendthrift tendencies was always embarrassing to me, and I desperately never wanted to be like her. Unfortunately, I have become my mother.VIVIENNE WESTWOOD SUNGLASSES! FOR $50!! Seriously people, the designer sunglasses here are CHEAP, and surprisingly, the majority of them are not the vulgar rhinestone encrusted, oversized sunglasses with "DIOR" prominently displayed on the frames that you'd expect. The accessories section is cheap and worth a look, a lot of the mid-level designer handbags here are so drastically marked down they would make my own mother salivate. Women's ready-to-wear can be disappointing, as well as the shoe section. Men's sportswear and suits are comparatively better than women's sections. Overall, a great forum for some mother-daughter discount bonding.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,5/5/2008,254,600,5,6,6>I had the BEST time at Moon this past weekend. They're nice to the ladies, they'll go out of their way to look out for the girls and ask if they want to go inside.You take an elevator up, up, and away to the 53rd floor, where there are breathtaking views of Las Vegas.  Fast bartenders, great drinks, and you can take elevator down into the Playboy bunnies level where they have Playboy themed....EVERYTHING.  A good, fun crowd, bunnies everywhere, hip hop downstairs, weird trance/80s mix upstairs....music COULD be better, but we had a good time nonetheless.Problem is because they only have two elevators getting in and out is tricky and you have to wait forever to LEAVE the club, too, and drunk ppl are not fun to deal with.But I loved it, and will go back next time.  Def better than Rain.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2008,5/4/2008,66,23,8,7,8>Rain you guys are all very nice and thanks for the amazing SKY Box.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2008,5/3/2008,53,107,13,2,6>I can't stop thinking about you.Your naked flesh was so smooth and enticing. Your skin was toned to just the perfect color. Your scent tingled all my senses. What was it that you put on that night? Whatever it was, it was my favorite! Baby, I knew I couldn't hold back after taking one look at you. I just had to taste you...lick you...devour your juices. Your friends, although looking good enough for a second glance and maybe even a little nibble, couldn't be compared to you. You were truly unique in every way. I'll never forget you.Until next time, Ginger-Soy Seared Ahi Tuna...
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2008,5/2/2008,0,0,2,4,4>This was my third visit to Lawry's The Prime Rib.  This was another family meal with the in-laws.Dinner started with warm sourdough bread and butter.  I had a shrimp cocktail too.  The server said the shrimp cocktail consisted of five large shrimp.  There were five of them but I wouldn't call them large.  Maybe I'm looking through jaded Vegas eyes but I would consider these shrimp to be medium at best.  Regardless of size, it was good.  It is also the only appetizer they offer.A 'spinning bowl' salad is included with all entrees.  It is a very average mixed green salad, made table side, with very average ingredients.  You eat it because it is placed before you and it is included in your dinner.I chose the rib eye as my entree, with a side of creamed spinach.  The rib eye is a slice of bone-in prime rib that has been seared on the grill.  It is served with fried onion strings and potatoes au gratin.  The rib eye was delicious and juicy.  It had a wonderful, rich beefy flavor.  The onion strings were mild in flavor and also mild in color.  They really should be fried a bit darker so as to add more depth of color to the plate.  The gratin was acceptable, certainly tasty, but nothing outstanding.  It was very reminiscent of something from a family reunion.  The creamed spinach was accented with bacon and cheese.  It was very rich and creamy and the flavors were well balanced, neither the bacon or cheese overpowering the spinach.Yorkshire pudding is served with all orders.  It's as much a part of their 'gimmick' as the rolling stainless carts of beef.  Personally I find it unnecessary, unwanted, and lacking in flavor.  Dessert choices are all rich, sweet, pies and cakes:  banana coconut pie, key lime pie, cheesecake, trifle, and a chocolate fudge brownie sundae.  I wish they offered something light, a citrus sorbet perhaps.  I did choose the key lime pie.  I thought it would be the lightest and tartest dessert, something to cut the richness of the meal.  It was a cylindrical shaped serving with a graham cracker crust only on the bottom.  It had a consistency that was closer to cheesecake.  It had a good key lime flavor but it was richer than I would have liked.Overall the food was good.  It was more reminiscent of home cooking than what I would consider 'restaurant' food.  The service is what pushed this experience to four stars.  Our waitress was warm and personable and a true gem.  She really knew how to interact with each of us as individuals and made everyone feel special.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,5/1/2008,177,63,6,6,6>I think when I'm 60 is when I'll finally be able to afford to actually stay here.Aside from it being the biggest pain in the ass to get to, having to take the monorail then WALK in the insane heat to a shuttle stop and WAIT to be picked up (Walking in 110 degree heat and waiting don't make me happy), this place really blew me away.The whole atmosphere is just classy. Classier then the overrated Bellagio. Big whoopies, you have a crazy ceiling and a good club, you mean nothing to me Bellagio!  Definitely a whole other class of people stay here. Which was a nice change to see instead of Grandma and Grampa monopolizing the nickel slots in their green poker visors and matching fanny packs at the Tropicana. Nothing against the Tropicana though, I did enjoy myself there. Just an observation.Where to eat lunch????UGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH.Our reaction exactly. I think my friend and I spent more time deciding where to eat then actually eating. After speaking with a friendly staff member he helped us choose a french place that overlooked a beautiful waterfall. Which was the exact spot that we both decided we will definitely have be around 60 by the time we can afford to stay here and enjoy gambling.  One day soon Wynn, one day soon....Sky*
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/30/2008,115,372,3,4,3>If you are an animal lover, this is well worth the money.The dolphin habitat was nice, filled with coral, etc.  And the dolphins don't do shows although one trainer was out when we were leaving and asked him to wave.  They tell you up front, they are conservationists not performers.  You may happen to be there when a trainer appears, but there are no shows.It was indeed nice to see the animals frolicking around on their own.The cats.  Ahhhh, the cats.  They looked so happy and healthy.  They were really active when we were there.  A small word of warning, the males are un-neutered so they spray - a lot.  This wouldn't have deterred me I didn't see any humans get sprayed.The white tigers were amazing, the lions were rolling around on their backs.  The habitats were nice and they don't live there all the time, or so I gathered from talking to someone there.Then as you're hitting your apex of cuteness with the tigers, there are a herd of alpaca's on the way out.I was thoroughly impressed with the Secret Garden, which made me feel like I wasn't in Las Vegas for a few minutes.  I was just sad that we went at 5 pm, it was closing time so we only got a half hour but if you go in earlier you can stay as long as you want.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/29/2008,41,50,4,4,4>Only one of the best burgers I've ever had and I'm not sure why it's not on GQ's "The 20 Hamburgers You Must Eat Before You Die" list.   My best friend had her heart set on getting dolled up and having a sophisticated dinner at Mix, another Mandalay Bay restaurant.  My other friend and I took a look at Mix's menu, its prices and agreed we were still going to be hungry afterwards.  So she came up with an ingenious idea of going to Burger Bar (she saw it highlighted on Rachael Ray's Tasty Travels show) before our formal dinner.  We managed to slip away from the group, ordered the Black Jack Burger to go and chowed down in the privacy of our room. Shhhh!!I had my second dinner, ate teeny tiny and everyone was a happy camper at the end of the day.  My best friend's boyfriend came by our room later, spotted the Burger Bar bag and gave us so much crap for not inviting him along.  Well to his credit, he never ratted us out and to this day she doesn't know know about our trip to Burger Bar!
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/12/2008,4/28/2008,358,250,3,3,3>Honestly...It's about 3.5 stars...I would give all 3.5 stars to the Baked Lobster Roll with Creamy Sauce!It was like butter...just melts in your mouth. All other dishes were just ok.  The hamachi dishes to start were good, but still lacking flavor.  The dragon roll was good too, but not memorable amongst dragon rolls I've tasted in the past. Oh yeah - we stopped in without resos and the hostess was able to accommodate a table for 2. Big plus in my book!
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,4/27/2008,19,242,7,5,4>"The Last Great Hamburger Stand"F resh  ..... fat deals   ....... fat burgers.A mericana at it's best .... red top tables and a Jukebox.T he greatest burger joint in America open at 2 AM ........B aby Fat ..... chicken Fat ..... fish Fat  ...... KING FAT !!!U nreal onion rings.R eal choice - fat fries or skinny fries.G reat greasy burgers   .... we're talking CALORIES baby ! ! !E gg on your burger.R eal ice cream shakes ... even peanut butter ??? shakes."It's all About the Food ( Well, and the music )"...... and..... the eclectic collection of people enjoying the experience.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2008,4/26/2008,81,285,7,7,7>I think this is probably my favorite non-baller hotel in Vegas.  Aside from being right smack in the middle of all the hustle and bustle in a great location, the superficial and faux French architecture is also amazing.  Inside, there are cute little shops, cafes, bakeries, etc that curve around and resemble streets in Paris (not that I've been there, so I guess I wouldn't know...).  They have these delicious souvenir drinks that come in huge plastic eiffel towers or in this porcelain china whatever handmade balloon. It's only $13 and they fill it with alcohol that hits you like a bat an hour later and you get to keep it as a souvenir w00t.I have no idea what the hotel rooms look like but I'm sure they're adorable as well.  Concierge is super nice.. we pretended to be guests so he gave us a bunch of passes to clubs we wanted to hit up that night (much easier than dealing with those shady people on the street who make you tip them for passes).  I've been to the top of the Eiffel Tower before and it's gorgeous! You get a really nice view of the strip and there is a restaurant up there as well which is ridiculously expensive.  It does cost some money to go up but if you've never been, it's worth the one trip while touristing around in Vegas - I recommend going up at night though.Sure, it's not as classy and suave as the Wynn or Palazzo but I just love that this place COULD be tacky but isn't.  It's not TOO expensive for college students.. or maybe 6 of them.. to a room, but I think it's worth it.  Maybe when I achieve baller status some day I can stay in the Venezia Towers or something extravagant but for now, I'll dream small and try to stay here next time.EDIT: Stayed here over the weekend with the boyfriend in a suite and it was SWEET - 2 bathrooms, one of which had a HUGE bathtub with jets, nice sitting area, huge bed, I didn't want to leave. Service was great and super prompt. Okay, next time I'm staying at the Wynn.Also went to the Le Village Buffet - I haven't been able to eat anything substantial for the last 24 hours.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,4/25/2008,11,43,5,6,6>Much, much credit to Hot 'N Juicy for getting the peppery Cajun ideal right. Too many restaurants label something Cajun and then bring out Creole, or vice versa. Hot 'N Juicy gets it right.This is a very casual restaurant. Thin plastic table covers and the big roll of paper towels on each table are a very smart way of handling the mess left behind after handling and eating their bags of food. Yes, bags. Crawfish and shrimp and crab are offered by the pound and everything is served in plastic bags with their own spice and butter. Ordering more is simple: the service is attentive and enthusiastic.My highest rec is for the shrimp. They're huge and easy to peel. The crawfish are on the small side, and the crab are a lot of work for a little benefit. They do also have sausage, served cut in big pieces. I was lucky to visit with about a dozen people and no one had any complaints with anything they tried.Our table also looked like the remains of some Roman feast when we were done. Caesars Palace eat your heart out.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,4/24/2008,604,474,4,9,11>The Hotel is the hotel for me when I have a conference at Mandalay Bay each year in Vegas. The last three years, my husband and daughter came with me too. The Hotel set us up with a terrific suite with all the things we needed to take care of our little one. This year, Reid helped us at check in. He upgraded us to the second largest suite in the house ... it was 2200 square feet. It had a dining room that seated ten along with a living room and a sitting room near the master bedroom. Nice. There was lots of room for my daughter to spread out and be an artist. The floor to ceiling windows gave an unusual perspective and view of the strip. It was mesmerizing at night with all of the lights. I was able to see the recent eclipse and it was amazing from this perspective. After this royal treatment, it was a little difficult to come home and back to reality. Thank you The Hotel and all of the amazing staff there for taking such great care of all of your guests. I really appreciate the extra special service and I will be back again next year.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,4/23/2008,113,96,4,6,8>All that's left of old Vegas pretty much resides in the downtown casinos, and the best of those is the Golden Nugget.  A big remodel last year has left it with a supercool James Bond style pool with a shark tank pierced by a water slide that has to be seen to be appreciated.  The close proximity of pedestrian friendly Fremont Street allows you the opportunity to walk off that big meal you had, or some of that buzz from all those drinks you polished off gambling.  Speaking of gambling, I don't do it often because it makes me feel sad, but the Sopranos penny slots here are loads of fun.  You get a little snippet of the show every minute or two.   Hey look!  I won $3 AND watched Tony beat up that guy with the attitude! Sweet.Overall this place is just more fun than any Strip casino I can think of, while being more reasonably priced and authentic.  A real "gold mine".
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2008,4/22/2008,4974,721,9,7,5>The wife and I were bumming around Henderson for an afternoon and bumped into this place looking for the Boba Lounge in the same plaza which closed down unbeknownst to us. You pick a piece of premade pottery and you paint it.  Simple as that.  They have all the stuff you would need to make your work as pretty or in my case, as ugly as possible.  We spent about 3 hours painting our plates ($15 for the plate).  When you're done, they dry it and put a finish on it so its usable and also dishwasher safe.  They call you in about 3 days to tell you its done so you can pick it up.  I am a horrendous artist but it was still enjoyable.  This is a great place for kids or for friends that smoke weed :P
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2008,4/21/2008,619,1443,8,7,7>***Appetizer***Lamb's tongue. I know what you're thinking. Brian trying to be Mr. Dramatic Gourmand Epicurean Bastard. I just wanted to try it, for the hell for it. You couldn't tell it was lamb's tongue as it tasted "normal" (whatever the hell that means). It tasted like a really good version of cooked calf liver without the gritty taste.It was accompanied (wow, look at me using fancy words) by chanterelles (gasp, more fancy words). That c-word B&B used is fancy for mushrooms. The mushrooms weren't watery and well marinated in a slightly acidic wine reduction (??) sauce. The slight acidity balances out any potential gritty flavor of the lamb's tongue. Also, the contrasting textures of the fungus and tongue are complemented by a 3 minute egg (fancy for "poached egg"). So here's how I ate that goodness up: ate a piece of lamb tongue followed by a carefully sectioned (by yours truly) piece of egg. It kept the yolk's form, since I didn't want it mixing with the wine reduction. The meat flavor of the tongue was immediately subdued by the runny sensation of the bland yolk (avoid the temptation to salt the egg). After the yolk rinsed out the mouth (kinda like the effect of pickled ginger after eating mackerel sashimi), I followed up by eating a few mushroom pieces. The slight acidity of the reduction then took over the intentionally bland flavor of the yolk yet you are still reminded of the plesant lamb flavor since the reduction incorporated a slight flavor of the lamb. To finish, I got a small piece of bread to soak up the infused oil which, if I remember correctly from the server, olive oil infused with basil.***Main dish***My main was the stinging nettle tagliatelle (fancy for "fettuccine") with spring lamb ragu. Curious about stinging nettles, I asked how the hell do you take the sting out. I was informed that once you boil the nettles, it loses its sting. Take that, a-hole stinging nettles (had bad memories as a kid via camping). Like I mentioned, tagliatelle = fancy dancy for fettuccine. But ladies and gents, this wasn't ordinary fettuccine as it was green. The unknowing but nice server being trained told me he believed the nettles were jellyfish but then the head server confirmed my assumption that it wasn't jellyfish but the plant. I don't know how nettles taste but I could tell that the pasta had a different flavor to it (it wasn't "just pasta").Spring lamb? Fancy dancy for saying, "lamb that tastes a little better but is just psychological." I've always heard that lambs should be slaughtered in the spring because lambs are more relaxed in the spring since in the winter, they need to work hard to keep warm. Anyways, I was expecting ground lamb but it was better than that, actual thinly-sliced pieces of lamb (I'm guessing the loin?). No gamey or mutton flavor at all and this is coming from a person who generally doesn't order lamb. The dish could be improved though. It was served a little too hot. I'm not talking about burn your tongue hot (was the lamb's tongue getting revenge on me?) but that the dish needs to be served a little cooler. Why? The pasta needs to cool down to release its flavor. The lamb needs to cool so you can taste the slight fattiness of the lamb loin since that is a lean cut.   ***Service***Great service despite the four of us being obnoxious and talking about inappropriate stuff as usual. It wasn't, "Hey, I see some young 24 year olds, let's treat them like poo because they don't know." Great service, from both the servers and bus staff. I was eating the bread as if I've never had bread. The bus staff kept bringing out the bread, but only single slices. ***Atmosphere***Super casual (but leave the wife beater at the hotel) and dark which I absolutely loved. It was really relaxed with no pressure to talk about yachts, titanium golf clubs, or hedge funds. At first, I was surprised, but not disappointed, that it was like a bistro setting since I was expecting a semi-formal place. Good food without the pretentiousness.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2008,4/20/2008,351,1069,4,5,6>As a vegetarian, my review for a buffet probably holds little weight, but even the flesh eaters agreed the Carnival @ Rio didn't seem all that special.  (The crab legs did get a thumbs up, though.)  The brunch selection was large, but as expected, I was still limited in my options.Our server was extremely cheerful, so much so that it bordered on the fake side.  She was helpful and constant smiles, that we couldn't figure out if it was just her personality (as scary as it seems, some people are actually like that), or if she was feigning for a big tip.  The only thing that made this for me was their creamy rich gelato.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2007,4/18/2008,159,243,6,7,6>Who names their hotel chain "Terrible's"???What are they trying to say??I don't know.  Because this place is pretty damn un-terrible.  It's nothing fancy (at least not the part we were in), but it's very reasonably priced for being pretty close to everything.  The restaurant downstairs is also reasonably priced, has great service, and has pretty good food.  It's a great place to stay if you're not planning on being a bump on a log inside your hotel room during your Vegas trip.  If you are planning to be out and about most of the time and need a clean, comfortable place to sleep when you finally get around to getting some shut-eye, this is a good place for you.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2008,4/17/2008,0,0,4,12,10>Abyssinia, the latest addition to the Ethiopian dining scene in Las Vegas, sits tucked away near the Orleans Hotel & Casino in the strip mall adjacent to McMullans Irish Pub.  Abysinnia's neighbors which include Panda Express and a Mexican place don't seem to gain much business from the location.  My lover and I sauntered into Abyssinia for a take-out lunch to find a pleasant little restaurant inside with a similar setup like most Ethiopian restaurants in town.  A bar with stools, sit-down tables and chairs, some tourist posters of Ethiopia and a makeshift stage with incense burning and a natural hide drum, microphone, speakers, etc.  Two or three tables were occupied with local Ethiopians happily chatting away and sipping on that good coffee.  I ordered the vegetarian wat combination to go.  My order, though fresh and plentiful, suffered from a lack of flavor or kick.  The vegetarian combination at Abyssinia comes with three stews (wats) and a salad.  The three wats include a yellow lentil, a red berbere lentil, cabbage and carrot (no potatoes here, yay but also no green chili, boo!) and then a timatim salad (the salad is plenty good scooped up with the injera, too).  If you're new to Ethiopian food and like your food on the bland rather than spicy or flavor-bursting side, Abyssinia might be the right answer as an introduction to the cuisine.  I feel like I was served the tourist version of their food as I've had a lot of Ethiopian food in my day and I know Ethiopians can kick it up a notch when they want to.Lentils were smooth, cabbage and carrots were buttery, the injera was hot off the presses with a light spongy feel, the salad managed to be both crisp and lemon saturated, the berbere had plenty of oil and pure finger staining red pepper (though surprisingly, still not spicy).  So all in all, the meal did satisfy.  I'd like to go in with Ethiopian friends and see if I get served the same meal though.  No complaints here - Abyssinia does have its uses when you simply can't take the heat at Axum or Lali Bela - though my heart still belongs to Dallol (which is gone now, thanks Yelp people of Las Vegas and tourists who refuse to venture off the strip, LE SIGH).  TIP:  Live Ethiopian music on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday nights starting at 11PM.  Why so late, you ask?  Well, that's when all the taxi drivers get off their shift.ONE MORE TIP:  The Mexican place next door sells fresh injera bread.  Yes.UPDATE:  Abyssinia gets a fresh second visit.  My, oh my.  Look what they've done with the place - it's pretty inside and the patio looks perfect for a hot summer day.  It is 100% in the shade!  There are woven black and white wicker chairs (sexy), matching cafe tables and the interior of the restaurant has been graced with realistic looking tall calla lilies on every table.   Nice touch.  I approve.  I noticed exotic wood twisty long handled utensils stuck in wood roughly carved bowls of meat stews (wats) going out to tables while I waited for my to-go order.  And waited, I did!  They made me wait nearly a HALF HOUR for my veggie combo.  I took the abuse because I was dying for an Ethiopian lunch fix and I knew I wasn't anywhere near any other Ethiopian place.  To their credit, they were mega-busy and super understaffed.  The entire restaurant was PACKED with Ethiopians and non-Ethiopians alike.  Abysssinia is almost a little TOO POLISHED now.  But they gotta get their staffing issues resolved - two servers for a jam-packed restaurant, outdoor cafe and bar is not going to cut it.  I did enjoy my meal more than the first time around.  They spiced it up for me.  I had to walk down to the Terrible's Gas Station and talk with the Ethiopian cashier to get the Ethiopian word for green chile which is "karya", ask for it by name) in order to tell them what I wanted.  They were impressed I could say it in Ethiopian and I was rewarded kindly with a proper tongue burning.  Go Abyssinia.  Abuse never tasted so good.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2007,4/16/2008,28,86,3,7,2>If you're going to have Kobe Beef you might as well go for broke and do the tasting menu here. It was an awesome value for the amount of food included. My husband and I shared 4 apps.: 2 salad like things, the Hawaiian prawns (sweet and buttery) and a charcuterie platter. For the sides, we were given mashed potatoes (kinda runny and pasty), sauteed mushrooms and grilled asparagus. And for the meat, oh baby the meat...Kobe fillet and sirloin, cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was truly one of the most succulent meals we've had in a long time. Yeah, sure the sides and salads could be considered forgettable and how can a meat and potatoes place actually mess up mashed potatoes? But really, compared to how the food scene was in Vegas 10 years ago, this place could be considered fantastic. But I did say, "could." So here's my beef (ha-ha, get it?), the dessert. I'll remember this because it just seemed so off. We got monkey bread with caramel sauce (the bread was not golden enough, in fact it looked kinda anemic in the darkly lit dining room), molten chocolate cake (ho-hum, I might as well have gotten a vanilla creme brulee), sorbet and gelato quartet ( no fireworks here) and a sliced Asian pear (that's right, sliced, not even nicely sliced, with the seeds still in it. And no, it wasn't even poached). Something definitely fell short in the kitchen.My other beef is the service, my biggest pet peeve. So this is how it usually goes, servers welcome you in, give you a menu, talk you up and completely sell you on the experience that you are about to have. They get you your order, get your drinks, even go next door to another restaurant to get you a bottle of sake because they don't carry any and once they drop the entrees, the main event, it's like a black hole suddenly appears in the middle of the dining room. Where did the server go? Is that him, oops my bad, that was just an illusion. It kinda looks like him but he keeps disappearing and acting so uninterested in you that it can't be him. My advice to servers is this, follow through with your diners man. You could have made up for the bad dessert experience if you even bothered to check if we wanted coffee! So, sad to say, it was a good and bad experience, I would have loved to give this place 4 stars because the beef was just so amazing. This place definitely suffered from bad service. Despite the fact that our guy was nice enough to go next door for us to get us some sake.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,4/15/2008,198,223,3,4,3>alright, so this place is one of the only taiwanese joints here in vegas.i believe there's one other place.i can safely say that we eat here more for that reason than any other.being taiwanese, i need my fix every once and awhile, ya know what i'm sayin.however, if it was really terrible, i think we'd pass it up no matter what.that said, here's what i think about the place.the beef noodle soup is quite good as far as i'm concerned.the broth is fresh and just spicy enuf.yum!however the beef is a bit tough.the noodles are very plentiful.the pork noodle soup is delish.the pork chops are good but better on certain days.the popcorn chicken is alright, not crunchy enuf for me.the sizzling steak or chicken served with noodles, an egg and your choice of sauce, black pepper or sweet tomato, is very tasty and well worth the whoppin $8.95.but be sure to ask for the sauce on the side cuz otherwise you get soggy noodles.the ba bao fan (i don't know how to say it in english) is pretty good.the rice in bamboo something or other is also very good.i think it's the sauce that does it for us.the rest of it is just a vehicle to get the sauce into your mouth.ha!their drinks are typically taiwanese, not much fresh fruit, mostly powder and flavoring.the boba is a bit overcooked.as for the service, the girls are all very sincere and friendly.they're not very prompt and don't have their attention on the dining floor as much as they should but the place is still fairly new, surely working out some kinks.one thing that i'd love to suggest to them is that they need to divide their staff up a bit more evenly.each time we go, there's always 3 girls behind the counter making drinks and only 1 girl taking orders and expediting food delivery.there really only needs to be one drink maker.all in all, we'll definitely continue to eat here.the food is satisfying and the prices are decent.so, that's my .02.UPDATE:  we've eaten here a million times since i posted this review and it seems that i've made it my comfort food joint of choice.  we always get the beef soup with clear noodles now and the minced pork with rice.  both delicious!  i've had the stinky tofu but i'm not a fan of stinky tofu so....enh.  now they serve the popcorn chicken spicy so i'm liking that a lot more.  still, can't wait to eat at the one in taiwan.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,4/14/2008,888,1073,5,6,6>Skip The HardrockDim lit bar, $1000 sets of 9-ball in the background, and the jams..or chilling in truck beds with bums and swigging whiskey.According to my chicken scratches on an envelope:Free drinks with $20 electronic poker, juicy wings & tasty beer battered fries (12 different flavors 12 for 5.75)2.95 build your own 1/2 poundernext door there is a kitchen counter that our friend mentioned has "som' down'ome country food" diamond bar tables + 1 valley bar table tilted mirrors on ceiling for aerial view of pool matcheselectronic juke - lots of classic rock and rollJager dispenserstainglass36 cameras, no micros phones25 cent candy machines$5 cigarette machinesarcade games, pin ball, & dartswomen's restroom is cleanmen's restroom is not so clean big parking lot with lots of cool bumsboth plasmas & outdated tvssmokeThis bar is bustling at peak hour but the best time to be here is after the crowd dies down.. for some conversation with greats and weirdos.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,4/13/2008,250,97,12,7,9>when driving down tropicana and past UNLV on your left, DO NOT BLINK!!!! you will miss the brilliantly bright felipitos sign and the little drive thru shack. there are two drive thrus, but watch out, the one on the left is always blocked by an amazingly built stack of plastic crates. which i'm sure has endured about 50 drunk ass drivers in the past year. this place is 24 hours which means that it's always ready to fill my drunk tummy (at any time of the day!) my fave is the three rolled tacos with guacamole for $2.50!!! and if i'm still wanting more, i go for the breakfast burrito. quick drunk girl tip: the workers give free french fries if you flash them and let their friends watch. and no, it wasn't me. a flash of my boobies are worth at least 20 orders of three rolled tacos and 50 breakfast burritos. they can't afford me... but my drunk friend was feeling especially generous that night and i got to cash in on her generousity! FRENCH FRIES!!! ;)
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,4/12/2008,38,0,4,5,6>I'm sure it gives a lot of people the heebie-jeebies, but I like it. There's a positive energy to the store and the people within, and I think that more than anything they just want to share that with folks.It must have worked-- they've got two more Psychic Eyes now.As the name suggests, there are plenty of books-- everything from mythological studies to the pyramids to bestsellers like Hiaasen's "Lucky You." But that's not all... they've got jewelry and trinkets and art and candles and meditation supplies like malas. And what kind of place would the Psychic Eye Book Shop be if it DIDN'T have psychics on site?I thoroughly enjoyed it. But as I said, it's probably not for everyone. Great for a little introspective journey, though.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,4/11/2008,344,859,4,7,6>Spice Market Buffet have definitely improve since Planet Hollywood bought Aladdin. If you tried Spice Market Buffet when it was remodeling, go back and i can assure your opinion will change.  Its voted one of the BEST buffet in Las Vegas 2007.the waiting and paying portion was very efficient compare to many buffets i have eaten. Quick service. A wide variety of food choices. Best Buffet. thank you. :)
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/25/2008,4/10/2008,163,90,14,10,14>Are we revolving?  Are we not revolving?  Oh god please let us be revolving, because if we're not then I'll feel like such the dumbass suggesting we have dinner in a revolving restaurant that doesn't revolve.Those where the thoughts revolving through my head as we waited in the lounge for our table.  Thank Allah my prayers were answered and we were indeed revolving.Does food taste better while it revolves?  Is it worth the hella price markup?  I would say, mehpm *shrug*.  I'm a big believer in unity and coming together, so this whole "everything a la carte" thang rubs me the wrong way.  In spite of being seperated at delivery my steak was delectable and the asparagus spears were mutantally large (see pic for proof).  We had a bottle of wine, that was difficult for me to order well knowing that I could buy it for 30 dollars less at Costco.  Yep, that's the classy dame in me coming out.After dinner, you're allowed access to the observation deck.  Make sure to take pictures in the cheesy "Stratesphere" photo booth.  They make great postcards and you get a couple wallet sized as well.All in all, I would come here, if this is your first time dining like a record baby. (right round round round)
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,4/9/2008,293,202,14,8,11>Came here for a bachelor party.  One of three girls invited for the 20+ bachelor's weekend.  Lucky?  You be the judge....We hit up Sapphire the first night we landed in Las Vegas.  This was not my first gentlemen's club but I was still curious of certain things.  I heard this was the biggest strip club with the hottest ladies.Everyone even the ladies got charged $20 bucks for cover.  We were asked if we lived local because apparently the cabbies get a cut of the cover charge by bringing us here.  I don't understand and don't ask me to explain.  We walk in and it was like a HUGE ORGY.  You see women workin the catwalk and poles.  But on the floor level, if you don't look closely, you can barely see the strippers giving men lap dances.  They were stealthily bumpin and grindin on legs.  They looked like leeches sucking the livelihood/money of the guy's soul.My girlfriends and I stayed back and up a little on top to enjoy the view.  We saw some things going on I have never seen in any strip club.  Lots of married men and digits going places not allowed.Honestly it made me want to take a hot shower YET go home in front of a mirror and see how I could use my man as a jungle gym while he was sitting in a chair.   I don't mind strip clubs but all in all a waste of money to me.  Some of the girls here were hot and some not.  An interesting experience to say the least.  When we gathered the masses and left--all the men looked at my friends and I like we were about to strip.  The bachelor mentioned it was hard to go from all women topless and willing to strip for money to.........well us.  Too bad oh so sad.......excuse me what is your name?
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,4/8/2008,55,50,7,7,5>The anti-Vegas.Plain and simple the best dive bar ever.What makes it so great is that its in Vegas and its the dirtiest, dankest, hole in the wall there is. A house drink called ass juice, which I am sure is watered down robitussin, with vodka added.$2 NewcastlesWorlds best jukeboxAsteroids arcade gameOne time three lovely ladies decided they wanted to show me their tatas, and what lovely tatas they were!And yes Jen L.; Bourdain was there, thats a deal seal.Every time a cabbie drops me off I hear the same thing "Good luck", that's classic!Very important, from what I have noticed of DD, the motto is drink all you want, have as much fun as you want, however, the second your an asshole your out and out quick. As well it should be.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2008,4/5/2008,114,255,12,13,11>This is one of my proudest moments... (applaud) my 100th review on yelp.I've been contemplating, pondering, and brooding over what I should write my 100th review on. This special 100th review award goes to... (drum roll)... VOX WINE LOUNGE! Thanks to Carl G, the generous owner of Vox, who hosted a vegas uye by reserving out the very classy and very renaissance-like private wine lounge and providing all kinds of free yummy in my tummy appetizers.Perfectly salted and cooked edamame beans with truffle oilFlatbread pizzas (three cheese, veggie, shrimp/pesto)-my fav is the three cheese. Well seasoned salmon tartare bursting with flavour before slowly melting in my mouth.I just adore vox's demure, sophisticated, exquisite dcor and ambiance. Okay, I've been to many different lounges. Yes, I've been to a number of post-modern style, overpriced dining spots, but this place just seems different. It's very much in vegas and it's very vegas (yes, gambling available) minus the crazy, overcrowding, pretentious vegas. You are able to drink, eat, gamble, and enjoy entertainment (live music). The "WOW" factor of vox is their Kimchi. Yes, your heard it right. Korean spicy pickled (fermented) cabbage. their sous-chef, very non-korean david (very friendly and helpful), makes his own kimchi for the crab cakes. I don't know how he does'em, but it's not fishy; it's spicy but bearable; it's crunchy in a well fermented way. I am a hard-core fobby Korean, therefore I KNOW my kimchi, but what he did to my country's food is amazing. Well, now the crab cakes... they are (sigh) loveable and incomparable.The story goes...once upon a time, our Chesapeake crab cakes met his lovely but feisty buttered fried kimchi and tempera battered coating. They fell immediate in love and lived happily ever after... well, I am not doing any justice to the crab cakes. I am definitely going back for the crab cakes and their riesling. I almost forgot to mention about their extensive wine menu and happy hours from 5-7 pm on weekdays. I am planning to go back SOON to have dinner there. Anyone would like to accompany me? Or perhaps another uye at vox?!
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,4/4/2008,390,918,4,4,5>I love love love Anthropolgie for the most part hate hate hate their prices!  But when I'm in the mood to spend...and really, who ISN'T while in Vegas? Hmmm?....I will shell out in abundance at Anthro.We waltzed in here after exiting the Green Valley Ranch casino and since I wasn't much in the mood to shop for clothes, I thought I'd check out the kickin' sale of home items they had goin' on.  I was so not disappointed!  I ended up walking out with a cool, multi-colored decanter and a small oval mirror with silver duck feet at a stand (odd I know but really neat! lol).  All in all...I spent a whopping $38 for both when originally they would've set me back about $120.  So good purchases!Great place for gifts, great place for clothes, great place for candles and  the like!
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,4/3/2008,27,40,7,11,8>Everyone who frequents restaurants has what I like to call a "benchmark" dish.  At an Italian spot it might be Pizza Margherita or Veal Parmigiana, For French food it might be Moules Frites or the Torchon of Foie Gras.  It's the dish that, if prepared properly, signals that the cuisine is up to par.  When trying to ascertain whether the full range of offerings is worth exploring it must first be determined that the kitchen can get the basics right.My benchmark dish for any Thai restaurant is Tom Kha Kai, a magical combination of chicken, chicken broth, coconut cream, galanga, fish sauce, mushrooms, lime juice, and chili oil.  Ingredients may vary from spot to spot, as they often will, but the overall composition is pretty consistent.  The rub, as I have experienced it, is in getting the balance right.  Some places have too much coconut cream, others offer just a hint of chili oil (or omit it completely.)  I've had it with all kinds of mushrooms, and sometimes with huge chunks of galanga, and sometimes with none at all.  For one as obsessed as I, it grows a little tiresome.I have had Tom Kha Kai at countless restaurants in the Southland, and am still looking for one that is as perfectly put together as what they serve at Lotus of Siam, the celebrated industrial park oddity way off the strip in Las Vegas.  Everything is in perfect balance and when I that first spoonful slides down my gullet I almost tear up a little.  Seriously.  It's just that feeling one encounters when something is SO right.. there's a magic to it.The rest of the menu can be a little hit-or-miss, as others have noted.  But there is so much on the menu that is off-the-charts terrific that it hardly seems to merit de-starring.So five stars for the crispy duck with spicy mint leaves.  Five stars for the Nam Kao Todd, crispy rice with minced sour sausage.  Five stars for the spicy beef salad.  So what if the Panag curry is a little lifeless?  There is certainly no shortage of items on this menu that make my head spin with delight.And no, the decor is nothing to write home about.  I couldn't care less because the service is always so friendly and accommodating.  My blinders go on at Lotus and when I have an array of tasty treats in front of me I can't even SEE the decor.  Love really is blind, I guess.And eleventy-billion stars for the wine list.  Jeez LOUISE the wine list.  Nothing, NOTHING goes better with spicy Thai cuisine than a cold bottle of Reisling and Lotus of Siam has scads of them.  Rare and highly rated selections at rock-bottom prices.  Donhoff.  J.J. Prum.  Zind-Humbrecht.  All the heavy hitters are represented, and there are plenty of Goldkapsels at near-release prices. Achtung! A perfect match for every dish can be found here along with a staff that can guide you through the polysyllabic minefield that one encounters with all things Germanic.Stay away from the buffet.  Make a point of ordering some Northern dishes.  ABSOLUTELY order a bowl of the Tom Kha.  When visiting at night be sure to make a reservation and DEFINITELY arrange with your cab driver to pick you up after your meal because the parking lot gets a little bit sketchy after dark.  But for me, no trip to Vegas is complete without a visit to Lotus.  It's a can't-miss.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2008,4/2/2008,128,693,2,7,6>I had to check out this buffet after all the glowing reviews I read. All in all this buffet lived up to the hype and was very good.I went for the breakfast buffet on a weekday and didn't have to wait at all. For about $15 you get fruit, pancakes, lovely little waffles with the Bellagio logo imprinted on them, all kinds of danishes, a variety of cereals, an omelette bar with other hot breakfast items (scrambled eggs, potatoes, etc), little bagels, and pizza.Everything was very, very GOOD. Nothing re-heated, all made from scratch and it showed.The service was good too.I would highly recommend this place.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,4/1/2008,310,324,2,7,9>If you want dinner at 1:30 in the am, Ichiza is the place to go.  Our server was awesome, friendly, and recommended some great dishes!  Don't be fooled by the menu they hand you - the real menu, with the yummiest dishes, are on the wall!  We ordered mini deep fried soft shell crabs, bacon wrapped sticky rice (holy ichiza!), mussles, clams, etc. All waaaaay under budget and waaaaayyy fantastical.  Oh and if you're a big drinker, order one of their shoju drinks  - I had a grapefruit cocktail and they served the glass almost full to the brim with half a fresh grapefruit that I got to squeeze all by myself. Refreshing and scarily good - I mean as in I'll order two drinks 'cuz it tastes like juice good. Will definitely make it a point to come here every time I'm in Vegas even though it's off the strip!
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/6/2007,3/31/2008,201,397,5,8,5>Meh I went with high expectations since virtually everyone that has been to Vegas had raved about this particular buffet (apparently, buffets are "the thing to do" in Vegas) and assured me that I'd have heck of a time indulging in gastronomical glee.  I had been starving all day and, therefore, had good prospects of visiting it for dinner.WELL.... For $25 for dinner, sure - it wasn't a bad deal.  But the food variety/quality weren't exactly up to par.  Perhaps I had too high of expectations.  But I really wasn't WOW'd.  Perhaps I'm just in a reallly negative mood (after having written a one-star review of Delta airlines) and such negativity is spilling onto this review.  Nonetheless, I certainly wasn't wow'd by Le Village buffet.  In addition to the disappointing food, our serving lady kept forgetting to get us our beverages and utensils.  But she sure did come by enough times to ask, "You OK??"  Kinda strange.  Kinda.Fresh crepes:  Sure, they're fresh all right.  But since when are crepes as thick and puffy as hamburger buns??  The texture was off as well.  The only thing I liked about their crepes was the unlimited availability of fresh blueberries.  Oh yeah, how could I forget -- no chocolate ingredients at a creperie??  Now THAT's outrageous!What I did like was the availability of fresh king crabs and mussels.  Also enjoyable was the decor (but no music??!?!??). Meh.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2007,3/29/2008,43,141,11,5,7>Why you ask is a vegan giving a steakhouse 4 stars? Actually, why is a vegan even going to a steakhouse at all? Because she's probably adopted and the preferred twin was given the luxury of choosing the restaurant for the night. Sometimes I dream of the green parents that celebrated every monumental event at Cafe Gratitude and unfortunately had to leave me behind. In Concord. Either way-my family is screwed up.Back to Delmonico's, this is actually my second visit, first time was in 2000. Even then they accommodated my needs. Now they actually have a vegetarian option but alas, no vegan dish. No problem-when you've so obviously been dragged along to a place with a bunch of meat eaters, people sometimes take pity on you. It's kind of fun to tell people what you absolutely will not tolerate and see what they give you. Dating should be more like this but that's another review. I was served pasta with different veggies like asparagus and green beans. Not amazing but not bad. An A for effort.I should probably mention the dead animals that Delmonico's specializes in. Yes-they're dead. But my family loved what they ordered and sucked the bones dry.Excellent service and the bartender made a tasty kir royal.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2007,3/28/2008,157,124,5,6,4>Ah the Grand Lux Cafe... my friends and I became fast fans of this joint after our last stay at the Venetian. Between 7 people, I think we frequented it a combined ~15 times in 48 hours. Snack, late night snack, dinner, late night snack, late lunch. What can I say, we got lazy and it was conveniently located in our hotel when we didn't want to venture far for food. A couple of key items on the menu got us through the weekend: the burger melt, the max burger, the cream of chicken soup, and last but not least, the winter melon soup. Thats nice... nothing like a hearty burger, soup and greasy fries to soak up all that alcohol. Loved this place.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,3/27/2008,1220,963,13,13,15>day 15 of my nation wide tourso i came to the great pinball hall of fame. susan told me about this spot. and it was what i thought. an homage to all the old pinball and classic arcade games. like ground kontrol but more expansive yet no alcohol. and all the games are fully functional and they had some old games i had never seen before. it was the best 1.25 i ever spent. you just spend money and lose it and have fun, which is like gambling cept the fun part.and i still lost on punch out. ouch!
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2007,3/26/2008,359,743,16,16,15>Once in a while, miracles happen to me. It's often while I'm traveling, which is probably because (a) you're in a more desperate, survivalist state when you don't have your bearings and therefore unexpected discoveries seem more miraculous, and (b) when I travel I visit almost exclusively the historic downtown core of any place, which is usually where everything magical resides. Now, I may be the only person in the world who travels to Las Vegas to visit the historic downtown core, but this is who I am and you're just going to have to learn to deal with it. Also, fuck the Strip. It's the same shitty middleamerican crowd, it's just more expensive and larger scale, which are shitty middleamerican things anyway.Back to the historic downtown core thing, they appear to be doing some civic redevelopment stuff in the "East Fremont Street" area. So when LB and I were traipsing around in the 105 degree heat admiring historic neon signs and abandoned wedding chapels, and we noticed a big sign across from the El Cortez for "MEX/CUBAN FOOD", I knew immediately that a travel miracle was upon us. And it was. First of all, it is the cutest fucking place you have ever seen. From the neon signage to the bright pink and gold chairs and pleather booths to the waitresses' dresses, it makes you want to kill yourself for ever having eaten at a crappy Chevy's. It's the real deal. It also has a giant big screen TV upon which we witnessed the following: latin music videos on "htv" (hispanic tv? anyway, h-urbano was our favorite channel), music videos featuring booty shaking ladies and armadillos, and - this is for real - a DVD concert series of recent performances by KC & the Sunshine Band, Wild Cherry, and the Trammps. Now, if you know me, you know that disco music is the way to my heart. So Mamacita's, you had me at Play That Funky Music Whiteboy. But I'm not sure you had the large Mexican family eating at pushed-together tables, because they were not stoked when you turned off the Urbano. Also, I should add that the sound system is first rate, and I think at night it turns into a dance club. Sweet.So, we also learned, "Mex/Cuban" does not mean a mishmosh of two cuisines. Apparently the owner (?) is Mexican, and her husband is Cuban, which means they have two distinct menus, one for each cuisine. Which results in more delicious choices for you, the customer. I would recommend ordering everything under "side orders" and a Cuban Sandwich. That's what I did. You may want to play it more on the healthy side and order the vegetarian fajitas, or the avocado salad. I know this because I ate those, too. Also, make sure to get the yuca. It comes two ways: fried, and in an oily roasted garlic sauce. I mean, you might as well get both of those, too. I'm not going to lie and say we didn't.  You can also get an entire roasted tilapia, if that's your thing. We actually didn't order that. Anyway, the point is that the food in Vegas is so generally shitty that when you're ready for a meal that doesn't involve processed lunch meat or $0.99 shrimp cocktail, Mamacita's is there for you, so be ready to EAT.Also, the ladies serving you are pretty much the nicest people I've ever met, so if you are one of those assholes that is rude to cab drivers and waitstaff, please don't go in here because I will be forced to break knees.The customer base is eclectic. A nice mix of latin families, oddly misplaced white people and the local street characters, of which there seem to be many on this part of East Fremont. On the walk back to the hotel I was asked if my ethnic heritage includes Russian by a dude smoking a doob in plain sight, and I'm pretty sure I saw Aileen Wuornos order a burrito. But something about it was way less scary than the nasty hooker trash at the Palms.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/20/2008,3/25/2008,630,981,5,9,9>Held in early December I visited this event in 2007 as a spectator to cheer on a friend who was running in her first half marathon.  I ran in the full marathon in 2005 when it was reintroduced with its current course which runs up Las Vegas Boulevard or "the Strip" and runs through Fremont Street and all of its older casino hotels and the Fremont Street Experience.  The race starts and ends at the beautiful Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, but from the moment you are let off from the early morning monorail service it is a confusing maze through the Mandalay Bay convention area just to get to the race assembly area.  The signs are not very noticeable and very confusing, and basically you'll end up following a crowd just hoping to end up in the correct location.  Once you arrive outside in the bitter cold darkness you are left wondering where to drop off your sweats and which direction to go to get to the start line.  It seems only the actual start line is well lit so you'll have to head in that direction in anticipation of the 6 AM start.The actual start of the race is magnificent by marathon standards as the sky is lit up with a dramatic, lengthy fireworks show.  Thousands of spectators gather in the Mandalay Bay parking lot and along the Las Vegas Strip to cheer on your every step.  The first 5 and a half miles are run along the Strip and miles 5.5 to roughly 6.8 takes you through the Fremont Street Experience.  As you exit the Fremont Street Experience you'll come across a timing mat at 7 miles, and unbeknownst to the participant that will be the last time you'll see civilization as the next 16.5 miles are run through desert communities and residential areas where you'll see only a handful of friendly neighbors willing to come out of their warm homes to encourage you to keep running.  The general feeling I got was that most residents were pretty irate with having thousands of runners interrupt their Sunday mornings by tossing trash on their streets and forcing them to wait in traffic.At 23.5 miles you'll reach Frank Sinatra Drive.  Hopefully by this time the temperatures will have warmed a bit as the tall Mandalay Bay Resort signage becomes visible telling you the finish line is near.  Crowd support is pretty spotty until you get back to the 26 mile mark.  In 2005 we started the race in low 40 F temperatures and ended the race in warm mid 70 F temperatures.  With the exception of the first 7 miles the overall course is not very scenic and actually quite boring.  My suggestion would be to just skip the full marathon and participate in the half marathon instead as that race goes out along the Las Vegas Strip, turns around at the Fremont Street Experience and returns to the finish line via roads that run parallel to the Strip.The course support in terms of fluid replacement (water & Gatorade) is exceptional with stations at nearly every mile, and there is plenty of medical support and law enforcement along the course.  The finishers' medal in 2005 was quite unique as the center of the medal actually spun on a center axis.  Real Las Vegas showgirls and Elvis impersonators stand ready at the finish area and at the race expo to pose with you for a unique Vegas-only photo.Will I return to run in this event?  Probably not for the full marathon, but I'll definitely be back to participate in the half marathon.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/14/2007,3/24/2008,308,1102,21,14,15>You may think otherwise, but I actually have a limit for enjoying things ironically. And this is pretty much it.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,3/22/2008,307,317,16,19,16>I don't like huge crowds unless I'm at a concert, and I don't like lots of loud noise unless I'm at a concert, and I don't like teaming hordes of sweaty, pushy, annoying fat slobs, even if I am at a concert.  So I don't really get to Vegas much.  But one thing that is really cool about Vegas is that it has become ground zero for the biggest collection of some of the most amazing restaurants in - dare I say - the world.  Just about every great chef/restaurateur in the US and some from elsewhere have set up shop in Las Vegas.  It is too cool, and is what is going to bring me back to Vegas before too long.  Which brings me to Nobu, the worldwide chain of really great Japanese restaurants.    It was way too loud and way too crowded, but I had some of the most amazing food there Friday night.  I am still dreaming about the incredible mushroom salad, with like 10 different kinds of mushrooms, and the "live" scallops, the miso cod and the excellent spicy tempura rock shrimp.    And the Chablis we ordered - I wish I could remember the name - was outstanding.  Truly a great meal, with some great company.   I could easily see coming back here, but with so many other great places to try in Vegas, I probably won't for quite a while.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,3/21/2008,549,250,6,10,8>It's been a while since I last Yelped.It's not for lack of trying, it's just that .... well, none of the new places that I have tried out have really moved me enough to even bother to click a few buttons to give a mediocre rating to.  Yeah, it's been that kind of a ride for me the past few months.But, like all slumps, this one had to end and boy, what a slump breaker it was!  Creamed spinach in my teeth, BBQ sauce all over my face and my hands smelling like I had been tending a bonfire all night.  It. was.GLORIOUS.Here's the breakdown: (what we ordered tonight)Me - Beef Trio (2 Beef Ribs, Brisket and Tri-Tip)  The brisket and tri-tip were both very tender, very juicy and practically melted in my mouth.  There was even a moment when I had a slice of brisket at the end of my fork and I was trying to pick up some of the dry rub off one of my ribs with it and it practically disintegrated.  It was THAT tender, yet very lean and not fatty at all.  Creamed Spinach - You can tell that it's made fresh, not thawed out from a frozen glob.  My wife hates cooked spinach, but she LOVED the creamed spinach here.  It had a homemade/handmade quality to it along with everything else.  I don't know how to describe it other than "Down-Home Gourmet" Garlic Mashed Potatoes - Very VERY flavorful the whole way through.  You can also tell that it's hand-made, not powdered, with skins and all, just the way I like it.  BONUS!Sweet Potato Fries - With Honey and Cinnamon! it's almost a dessert! This is the only place I have found here in Las Vegas where the sweet potato fries are crispy and not soggy, definitely one of my favorites. BONUS +2Sweet Tea - One of the staples (Brisket is the other) that I HAVE TO try out at every new BBQ joint and weighs very heavily in my final tally of how a restaurant ranks because I down these suckers non-stop and Adam's did not disappoint.  It may be a little too sweet for others, but it's exactly how I like it, with a noticeable taste of brown sugar to it.  Another Bonus, these guys are just hitting me right where I live.Pulled Pork Sandwich - (According to the wife) "It wasn't greasy or fatty, it was just pure tender, juicy meat with a nice soft bun"We actually got a chance to speak with the Owner, Adam (Who also owns the Freakin' Frog on Maryland Pkwy) and he was very friendly and informative.  He introduced us to their various sauces and their incredible dry rub.  The regular sauce was a little too sweet for me, but then again, I never do regular sauces and always go for the hot stuff.  Their hot variant "The Slow Burn" is not an in-your-face kick you in the teeth super-hot insanity sauce.  Think of it more as a fine Sake`, deep subtle flavor (Very flavorful) with a slow burn that gradually builds at the back of your throat and catches you unawares, kind'a like the way good Sake` creeps up on you and then BAM all of a sudden, you're drunk.The Dry Rub though, was definitely the star of the various condiments.  According to Adam, it is salt free (I believe he also said that they try to use as little salt, if any, in all of their dishes) so you can pile it on as much as you want and not feel guilty about your sodium intake.  The flavor just made my mouth water even more  it was so subtle, yet complex.  It was the perfect complement to the Brisket and tri-tip.Look, I can just keep going on and on until my fingers get worn down to nubs, but here's the skinny.  I like me some BBQ and I definitely LOVE me some beef ribs, DRY (No sauce) Since that's the way to really tell how good a restaurant's dry rub is.  Lucille's Smokehouse taught me that and that's how I've been judging my ribs ever since, by how they compare to Lucille's and I'll be brutally honest, I like Adam's ribs better than any other BBQ place that I have tried in town, yes, even Lucille's and CJ's.  Everything we tried just tasted home-made  and not like it came off an assembly line.  These guys put a lot of love into their cooking and it shows.  Just give them one chance, you may just find yourself a new favorite BBQ place like I did.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/20/2008,3/18/2008,177,365,6,7,3>Wow- it seems LAX hasn't been quite the most popular with Yelpers, evidently.  It's hard for me to give a Las Vegas club under 3 stars.  All the clubs in Vegas are so extravagant and over the top with such great music, that even if I didn't like it that much it still deserves at least 3 stars for the effort and millions of dollars spent designing it.  When we came here, we didn't have to deal with any line sitch because my best friend's boyfriend is a chef at American Company Bistro next door, so we were escorted right in, thankfully.  The line was extremely long, and probably would have been a nightmare...not that dealing with lines in Vegas is my forte anyhow.  Anyways, into the club and down the red carpet staircase we went.  The interior is deep red, with luscious chandeliers and numerous side rooms.  It was smaller than I expected- you can see the entirety of the club as soon as you walk in the door.  I will say this: don't bother coming here if you're not going to get a table.  Its very similar to Pure in the sense that if you don't have a place to sit, you're shuffled around and around in circles like a herd of cattle.  Pure Management Group has developed a trend when designing their clubs.  But, with a table it is pretty awesome.  The couches are comfortable, and the table spaces are ample.  But, it still doesnt have shit on Tryst or BodyEnglish...my two faves.  It takes a lot to outdo a 100ft waterfall over the dance floor.Ps. Watch out for weird underage creepy kids incessantly hitting on you claiming to be "locals".
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2008,3/17/2008,59,0,6,2,3>Despite the fact I was once thrown out of a bookstore(years ago I was perusing some nudie mags and the saleslady said I didn't look over 18 and I said she didn't look cute) it did not leave any permanent scars(I've also been thrown out of bars, restaurants, a takeout pizza place, houses, apartments, countless grade school and high school classrooms, a women's dress shop[I kept calling everything "whorewear"], a TV station, an office building, and a bank[I tried to pass some slugs when I was in 8th grade]. And none of those incidents prevented me from returning to similar establishments either.). Anyway, this Barnes and Noble is very roomy with plenty of places to sit and has a Starbucks on site that also has outdoor seating. The employees here are always circulating and asking if anyone needs help. I like that. There is a nice selection of magazines(I no longer look at nudies), children's books, and there's also a small music center. My only gripe is that they sell a lot of crap like cards and games and mugs that take up space that could be utilized by reading material. I usually come here once or twice a month and walk around. I see the nudie magazines, too, just sitting there waiting to be touched. I never do, though. I never do. Never ever. ;)
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,3/16/2008,292,912,3,3,8>Although Antonio's looks a bit unassuming from the outside it is anything but on the inside. I wasn't expecting to dine in such a classy restaurant when we made reservations here. I was thinking it would be like Olive Garden it's in the Rio for Pete's sake, however I was very wrong and very impressed. The dinning room is dimly lit, the ceilings are vaulted with crown molding and there are marble columns, a chandelier and a fake sky in the center of the room (it is after all Vegas!) We had a beautifully set table and the ornate armchairs added an extra aire of sophistication to our dinning experience. I did find the booths in the center of the dinning room a bit of an eye sore. Maybe they should do away with those and only have tables.Our waiter Antonio was the greatest waiter I've ever had. He was the epitome of an exceptional waiter . He was knowledgeable about the food and wine, he properly pronounced the names of the dishes. He was friendly and everything was perfect throughout the course of our meal. He was fairly handsome as well (at least I thought so)The bread basket had an assortment of breads, my favorite was the olive roll. Only a few people at our table ordered Antipasti. I almost fainted when I saw the towering creamy onion soup appear in the bread bowl with its provolone crust. I can only imagine what the Lobster Bisque would have been like.  The baby spinach and pear salad with with crumbled Gorgonzola and candied orange walnuts also looked good.When we were placing our orders we were asking Antonio about making a slight substitution to a certain dish to accommodate a cheese allergy and he informed us that the chefs would prepare anything we would like any way we would like it even if it's not on the menu. I WAS IN LOVE! Any establishment that is willing to go over and beyond to satisfy patrons gets big points with me.I tasted my cousin's pan seared scallops with short rib and pancetta raviolis with a sage demi glaze reduction. I WAS IN LOVE! I also tasted my uncle's Ahi (which was one of the evening's specials) I ordered the Fettuccine with Rotisserie Chicken and pancetta and creamy wild mushrooms. The chicken was so delicious I can't recall when I was last impressed by a simple rotisserie chicken. The sauce was so delicious I wanted to marry my food!I know I'll be back to Antonio's...I can't stop thinking about the Risotto with Lobster with the white truffle Creme, the lobster bisque and of course our waiter Antonio... how funny... I just realized that our waiter at Antonio's was named Antonio! I enjoyed Antonio's and I enjoyed Antonio too ; )
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,3/15/2008,91,1241,20,7,7>You know you haven't truly lived until you've taken a cab from the airport and, while on route to the Bellagio, you ask the driver to stop somewhere so you can buy a 1.75 Liter of Stoli.   So he stops at the Office Bar and, sure enough, you can score booze by the bottle and they even sell ice, diet sprite, and they'll throw in some plastic cups.And you truly haven't lived if you experience all this because, as you were waiting patiently in seat 34-A for your flight to take you home to Oakland, you got kicked off the flight because some of your friends were too fucking drunk to fly!!  Oh, and of course, it's these same friends that requested that we stop for the booze...I swear somebody was channeling Hunter S. Thompson this weekend.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,3/14/2008,2065,133,11,10,10>So I have been to Raffles in Singapore(Raffles is an icon in S'pore) and I have been to Mandalay in Burma, so I guess it's only fitting that Rose and I would try Raffles at Mandalay Bay!  ;-)  It's around 9pm and Rose and I are looking  for our favorite meal...Breakfast!  I think one of the best things about Vegas is that you can get steak and eggs 24 hours a day at a multitude of different places.  And if you know me...I love my steak , eggs(over easy) and hash brows.So to make a long story short, I ordered the steak and eggs and Rose had the veggie omelet.  Bottom line...Our meals were perfect!  Rose had a super fluffy, loaded with sauteed veggies omelet.  And my steak and eggs were outstanding.  My steak was cooked just how i order it, my eggs were perfect and the hash browns were heavenly little long potato pillows that were the definition of perfect hash browns.  The BEST hashies that I have had in a long time.  Right up there with the hash browns at Red Hut in Southlake Tahoe.  Yum Yum...Rose and I will definitely be back for another late night breakfast.  Soon!!
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,3/11/2008,612,577,5,6,9>$48 hamburger... I must seem like an idiot...but this hamburger was THE ORIGINAL NY DB BURGER (9-oz. sirloin burger stuffed with braised short ribs, foie gras, black truffle, parmesan bun) served with french fries. I actually got the prix fixe menu for $48. It comes with a few choices, but I got the caesar salad (heart of romaine, avocado, parmesan), the burger and for dessert the warm pear clafoutis (spiced orange marmalade, almond ice cream). Although it was a nice meal, I don't know if I'd be dying to go back to eat the burger. It was really good for the first 2 or 3 bites but after that the foie gras and truffles were too overpowering. It was as if the foie gras and truffles were fighting for power in my mouth. The service was good. The water show on the lake was really weird with ugly images being displayed every hour. It's a fancy schmancy restaurant with good and expensive food. Here's their menu:danielnyc.com/dbbrasseri
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2008,3/10/2008,676,1464,7,6,9>Two words: It's PUUUUURDY!Definitely one of my favorite hotels to stay at when I'm running around wreaking havoc in vegas. Definitely a big bonus when they upgrade me when I'm checking in!Totally love the big comfy beds and the huge tubs big enough for two! The casino area has a great ventilation system; I don't end up smelling like an ashtray and my boogers don't turn gray when I'm hanging out here. The poker room is kick ass. Even when I'm just sitting around chilling, the cocktail waitresses hook me up with Fiji water and Grey Goose shots. And the shopping. I snagged a 350 dollar Burberry Bikini and wrap for 80 bucks. BOOYAH!Oh yeah... Tao's pretty awesome too.... They're just missing a kick ass Cirque du Soleil show to top it off...
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/9/2008,299,1732,2,7,4>Dining would have been SOOO much better if the room weren't like a cafeteria.  I guess where Batali saved in decor he loaded up on the ginormous copper cow in the center of the room.  So unnecessary.  Give me some booths, have some organization in your dining room & dammit I need AMBIANCE!!!Okay, ranting DONE.  Food: pretty darn spectacular.  Check out the Lobster, you can have it broiled w/butter, or sashimi style, we chose the sashimi, HEAVEN!!!  The carpaccio & the caesar were alright.  The carpaccio was on the saltier side and the portion was small.  DO pasta, naturally, it's Batali afterall.  There are 1/2 orders available so you can sample a little bit of everything.  I LOVE that.  We tried the fettucine dyed with REAL black squid ink, yum, nice pop in flavor, but the Stracotto was AWESOME, duck liver ravioli, can't go wrong with that. The filet was pretty darn good, and at $39 for an 8oz steak, not bad, for Vegas.  We finished off with a rice tart, it's a shortbread crust with a risotto-like filling, w/a nice lemon twist.  I thought it would be heavy, but it was quite light.  Delicious.  Service was great, I just can't give this place five stars, b/c the room is really terribly planned.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,3/8/2008,80,388,2,2,5>You have to wear a suit jacket and make reservations. This I don't appreciate but you know some people enjoy it. You will come out of an elevator and be in the kitchen. I am told this is common for french restaurants. You have to make a turn to get into the restaurant which is dark with lots of windows. Get a window seat.  The waiter will  call you mam or sir.  The service is not that slow and they put some kind of memorable sauce in the dishes. Food was tasty and they have a good wine selection but not enough syrah...some bordeaux........They have some desert they light on fire too. I forget what is called now...fun...pricey though dinner for two was about $275.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/18/2007,3/7/2008,617,1242,2,8,5>If you can't judge a book by it's cover, you certainly can't judge a casino by it's fascade.  That's my take on Bally's--it ain't pretty on the outside, but you'll be surprised by the rooms on the inside.The first thing you'll notice when you walk in is how much the lobby does not match the outside.  It's almost as if you're transported to another casino.  Granted, it's no Bellagio, but I would say that it's on par with other casinos such as Paris or New York, New York but without the themepark feel.  Plus, if you like to gamble, there are plenty of tables and slots to play at.I can't really comment on the food here.  The truth is, you don't have to.  Paris is right next door, you don't even have to step outside to get there, Caesars and Bellagio are right across the street, and the monorail can get you to othe casinos (although if you're with friends, it'll probably be cheaper to split a cab).The rooms were nice.  We paid $99 a night for a full-sized bathroom, a bed, a sofa bed, and a sad excuse for a minibar with a small fridge that comes in handy when you actually have a doggy bag worth revisiting and an extra sink.  You'll notice just a touch of wear along the edges of the furniture, but in all honesty, that's a little nitpicky considering the fact that you're in the middle of the Strip.When all's said and done, Bally's is a great deal for the money.  But the reason I have to give it three stars are the comps: I've been offered free rooms at more upscale casinos.  With that option available every now and then, do you really want to stay here?
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,3/5/2008,540,357,3,14,11>I almost had to twist my friends' arms to get them to have dinner here.  Stupid friends.  This was the BEST place we ate at in Vegas.  It was a welcome departure from the steak and chicken driven menus in other venues.We started with Siberian nachos consisting of wonton chips topped with caviar, wasabi, smoked salmon, and creme fraiche.   The interplay of flavors in this appetizer was enhanced two fold when we paired it with the restaurant's version of a Bloody Mary.  The drink was awesome- it was spicy, accented by a green olive stuffed with blue cheese poured over the smoothest vodka I've ever had.  Ever!For dinner I had the Salmon Kubeyalka (sic) which consisted of a buerre blanc sauce beneath a puff pastry topped with mushroom risotto.  On top of the risotto was the flakiest and most tender piece of Salmon resting beneath another layer of puff pastry which was adorned with a hard boiled egg white filled with caviar.  Our waiter was very accommodating, very attentive to the details, and extremely knowledgeable about every aspect of our dining experience.  The other entrees ordered by my friends were also well received judging by the restraint exercised by those wanting to lick their plates clean.  Next time you go to Vegas, add this spot to your itinerary.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2008,3/4/2008,98,242,2,5,5>Great restaurant with great food and a very accommodating staff.  We were there during the Consumer Electronics Show and I have to admit the staff handled the volume well.  We were seated promptly, food was brought out in a timely fashion, and when one of our guests excused himself for an extended period of time the wait staff took back his placed and put it under a warming light.  As for the food itself their flat bread pizzas are great and the salads were quite large.  Drinks were... well non-alcoholic given that we were there for lunch meetings, but regardless very well mixed.  Beyond that I have to admit despite being the Bellagio I felt the pricing wasn't all that bad so would definitely recommend it for business lunches.  Just make sure you call ahead as they can fill up.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2007,3/3/2008,3,11,2,4,4>After several months of a moratorium on review writing for absolutely no reason at all, the Glacier has broken.So what do you do when you are famished after watching dancing Gouda cheese wheels at the Hans Klok/Pamela Anderson magic show?Fatburger.The cabbie (because the PHo comp limos were taking way toooooooooo long) was taking me back to my rented crib and I knew room service would take forever when what did I spy out of the corner of my eye?  Fatburger.For those of you who were born poor orphan children or grew up outside of the chili-cheese mecca of the known universe, otherwise known as Los Angeles, Fatburger is the epitome of all that is wrong and right in the world.  When you are down, Fatburger will bring you up, when you are up, Fatburger is the reward for what you have achieved.Fatburger.Fatburger now exists in all its greasy glory on the Las Vegas strip.  How perfect is that?  Fatburger.Kingburger, all the fixins' and chili too, fat fries, large coke.F' the cholesterol, choose life (see Trainspotting quote below).Sometimes life presents an exquisite moment to throw yourself into.My moment, and maybe too often mine, is:Fatburger.Here is the quote if you can't recall it for some reason which "we" just won't go into detail here."Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family. Choose a fucking big television, Choose washing machines, cars, compact disc players, and electrical tin openers. Choose good health, low cholesterol and dental insurance. Choose fixed- interest mortgage repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose your friends. Choose leisure wear and matching luggage. Choose a three piece suite on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics. Choose DIY and wondering who you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on that couch watching mind-numbing spirit- crushing game shows, stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at the end of it all, pishing you last in a miserable home, nothing more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked-up brats you have spawned to replace yourself. Choose your future. Choose life... But why would I want to do a thing like that? --------------------------------------------------­------------------------------RENTON: I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the reasons? There are no reasons. Who need reasons when you've got heroin?"
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2007,3/2/2008,1362,984,4,14,11>Shabu shabu, aka hot pot, aka Asian fondue, has returned to S. Fort Apache Road!The Geisha Corporation has opened up their fourth restaurant with the name of "Little Geisha Shabu Shabu."  Taking over this huge space once owned by Nina's, Little Geisha offers hot pot, sukiyaki, and something called Genghis Khan shabu shabu.For $13.95, you can have the Prime Rib Eye Shabu Shabu, which also comes with a platter of veggies including udon noodles.  Two dipping sauces accompany this dinner, the first being a ponzu and the other possibly being of a sesame variety.  After cooking your meat and veggies in the hot broth, dip your food into both sauces before consuming.  Its all the flavor you'll ever want!  For $14.95, you can have the Prime Rib Eye Sukiyaki dinner, which also comes with a platter of veggies, udon noodles, and a raw egg.  Their sukiyaki sauce has quite a bit of flavor and the BF was impressed with their concoction.  They pour this stuff into a hot pan and start cooking your food in this sauce.  All dinners come with a bowl of rice and a couple of side dishes of kim chee and pickled goodies.  Be sure to add the garlic, radish, and green onions to your shabu shabu or sukiyaki, it adds a lot more flavor overall.Feel free to ask for more rice, kim chee, and pickled stuff since there's no additional charge for it.  (Double check though!)  The BF and I left pretty full, and it appears they offer a bit more veggies than Swish does.Business is still slow at this location since there's not too much traffic yet around here.  We were the only ones there at 7 pm, but by the time we left, three other parties had joined us.  Employees were helpful in cooking practically all our food for us, and I wasn't sure if this was standard practice or because they were so slow.  (I can't imagine how they could cook everyone's stuff for them if they were packed.)  It can feel a bit rushed when they do all the cooking for you, so feel free to tell them you can take over at any time.  It can get messy with them picking out all your food for you, but depending on your chopsticks skill, maybe you do want them to do it for you.They also offer plenty of tables for those not interested in cooking up their own food.  It's a pretty small and straightforward menu at Little Geisha.  Let's see if they can last longer than Nina's did!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2007,3/1/2008,215,238,,9,10>I rolled into Vegas late one night and arrived at the Renaissance Hotel.  My companion and I debated where we should eat and finally settled on Envy for two reasons:  it was There and it was Easy.  We weren't expecting much.  Wow...were we surprised!We were seated at a large booth surrounded by lusty red and brown tones.  A single red rose head beckoned from a square, glass vase.  Candles glittered and set a romantic tone.  Too bad I was there on business!We began the meal with a half bottle of an Estancia Meritage and split the Caesar salad.  We then went on to devour perfectly prepared filet mignons, truffled mac and cheese and port wine mushrooms.  It was sheer heaven!  The flavors were robust and delicious!  We also had several choices of how to have our meat prepared.  I chose to have mine charred on the outside, red on the inside.  My companion had her filet in a Bearnaise sauce.  Both were excellent.Then it was time for dessert.  Since we couldn't settle on just one, they made it easy for us with the Chef's trio.  We had miniature versions of the New York cheesecake with raspberry sauce, cappuccino mousse and a chocolate souffle cake.  We paired these with a chocolate port and an ice wine.  The restaurant was kind enough to also give us a complimentary glass of Sauternes.  They knew the way to our hearts! We left Envy feeling elated.  It was complete food euphoria!  When we came back a couple of weeks later, we immediately put in our reservation for the first night we were there.  Envy has become one of our "must dine" places in Vegas.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/29/2008,180,288,2,11,5>The name "New York Pizza" conjures up a predictable image in the heads of most people, and to those lucky enough, an intense and blissful memory.  This kind of pizza, large, floppy and often sold by the slice has been imitated in one way or another in every corner of the country to mixed results.  But there is another sort of New York pizza that predates the style most (New Yorkers included) are familiar with. It's the kind of pizza made in a small handful of ancient pizzerias in New York city like Lomardi's, Grimaldi's and Totono's. It's thin crusted with a sweet tomato sauce and a dusting of parmesan and/or romano, some dried oregano and fresh basil and a generous drizzle of olive oil. Mozzarella is used sparingly, about half as much as you'd expect. This is the style of the very first pizzas made in America by Neapolitan immigrants.  The distinguishing factor today is the once-common coal-fired brick oven running about 900 degrees that's capable of charring the crust before it browns the cheese.  The result is a striking palette of black, light brown, white, dark green and about five shades of red.I've never been to Grimaldi's in Brooklyn, but I have been to Totono's. And this style, the so-called New York Neapolitan, was one I thought I could only score in NYC.  Through the magic of Yelp, I found this improbable outpost while looking for a hassle-free, off the strip locale for a family dinner. Problem is, I talk too much and felt the need to find a real gem.  This couldn't have been easier.  I was shocked to see that NYC's favorite pizzeria had franchised, but this looks like a small chain run by a nephew of the original owner, with his blessings, assistance and recipes.  We were quickly seated through the help of a call-ahead quasi-reservation at the best table in the house, right next to the pizza prep station.  The pies were nearly flawless.  I went with extra basil and I sampled the pepperoni and sausage. There were six of us, all northeast natives, two of which have lived in Italy, and all of us ranked this as our favorite or near-favorite pizza ever.  Is it my favorite?  I'm not sure, but it's 2nd or third at worst.  It has to be the best in Vegas and it will be a mandatory stop every time I'm in town.They don't have a line out the door yet, so check it out before the word spreads.  Service is attentive and polite, which isn't very "East Coast" of them, but that's one part of back home that I don't miss. Five mother-f'n stars.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,2/28/2008,0,0,5,6,4>Nothing like some old school Vegas class for a UYE.  Great times with my friends, and some new friends:  Vegas Yelpers Susan, Allison, and Myke.  This place gives you free limo service to the restaurant from anywhere on the strip.  I highly recommend this as you're able to leave tourist central and go to a place only locals really know about.  The limo gives you a chance to afford some style and also the more important chance to order another bottle of wine without having to drive back to the hotel, as if driving on the strip isn't dangerous enough!Old school atmosphere on the inside.  Brick walls with pictures of Vegas throughout the years hung on them.  A guy crooning out standards while playing a keyboard.  The service is great too.  It's great and attentive.  It's slow, but it's meant to be that way.  Traditional Italian (and French) places are like this.  The meal is a social occasion and it's rude to rush.I ordered the eggplant parmigiana, as I love eggplant, but have never been able to cook it myself.  To me, this was the only minus of the meal.  I enjoyed it, but it was a bit chewy.  It could have been me, since I gorged on crab legs just a few hours earlier at the Mirage buffet and wasn't all that hungry.  The spaghetti on the side was great, as was the bread.  I enjoyed a couple Beefeater and tonics that were both delicious and strong.So great food, great service, great limo, great atmosphere, and great Yelpers!  What's not to like?  Also, this place is right next to the Gun Store.  So if your lady is nagging you to take her somewhere romantic, and you agree to take her somewhere only on the condition you get to take her somewhere as well, this is perfect!  Just do the guns first.  No unloading an Uzi after 4 glasses of Chianti!
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2007,2/27/2008,296,490,26,8,13>If I had a recorder on me at Tryst, here is what it would have recorded:"Look at that line - I thought this place opened at 10pm?""Why aren't they getting in?""None of them are bringing 10 girls with them.  Keep walking.""Did you see that chest?  Those can't be real!""Welcome to Las Vegas.""Oh. My. God.  That waterfall is two stories tall.""Maybe three.  Wow that's gorgeous.""And did you see what she was wearing?""She could be a cocktail waitress.""...Hmm, I'm not sure that qualifies as cocktail waitress behavior...""Maybe it's a tip...""Nice to meet you.  Yeah, that's my chest and they're real.""I wasn't...""Really.""Let me buy you a drink.""Okay, maybe you weren't introducing yourself to my cleavage.""HOW much was that Greyhound?  Because it didn't have that much alcohol, I hate to tell you."  "He's totally grinding on you.""Is he cute?""Uhhh...""Let's go get a drink.""I'm just trying to get to the damn restroom!""She totally threatened you.  She threatened to take you out.""Why do you think I'm still moving towards the restroom, honey?""No, the bride is over there.""Youuuu...youuu'ree preettyyy.""Why does this always happen to me?...""Yuuuu...""Shut up.""I've heard this song before.""I've heard all these songs before.""Do you think the DJ will play something less than 2 years old.""Only if God shines on Las Vegas.""We could have a problem then...""I love that damn waterfall.""Dancing outside under the stars ain't half bad either.""My feet hurt.""Yeah, too bad it's all bottle service. No sitting.""But hurting feet is good.  It means I danced a lot.""Even though the music was old?""Sometimes old can be good."
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,2/25/2008,355,431,8,7,8>Hawaiians, for whatever reason, love Vegas.Hawaiians, for whatever reason, love staying at the Cal Hotel when they go to Vegas.Hawaiians, for whatever reason, will spend their last waking moments in Vegas... literally an hour before they take the early evening flight on Hawaiian Airlines back to the islands... eating local Hawaiian food at Aloha Specialties at the Cal Hotel!At least this was what was going on when I was here the Sunday after Thanksgiving. We waited in that long-ass line close to HALF AN HOUR. I struck up a conversation with the woman behind me about how the tap water in Vegas tastes terrible. (For those of you who aren't aware, the tap water in Hawaii is magically delicious.)Alright, now for the actual review. This place is like a Zippy's with a much longer wait but a much smaller menu. However, for a mainland Hawaiian restaurant, the prices are very reasonable and the portions are generous. My dad and I both ordered the fried saimin (which to my dismay was mediocre... should have gone for the $4.95 large regular saimin!). My mom got some special Japanese lunch box (which I forget the name of), and my sister ordered the Korean-style beef and chicken plate lunch combo, which was really good. The mac salad hit the spot too.There are a number of Hawaiian places around Vegas, but my guess is that this is the place to go if you wanna feel that real spirit of Aloha. Maybe that's just because it's full of Hawaiians in an extra good mood because they're grindin on yummy authentic local food. Just be prepared to WAIT.Took a spam musubi ($1.50) to go, and ate it while I waited for my flight back to SF. I bet I got a bunch of weird looks by those unaware of the power of something resembling a oversized, angular sushi roll... but I don't care!
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2008,2/24/2008,149,321,8,6,8>I'm a bauble loving, glittery, got to have sparkle kind of girl. I'll deviate my path for something bright and blingy 100% of the time. I made a beeline for this shop as soon as it came in to view.Familiar with her objects of desire, but having only seen one in person, I was all over this place. Oh yes, I could go nuts in here. It's pretty pricey to go nuts in here though, so for my first purchase (notice I said "first" meaning there will be more) I settled on a key ring. Oh, not just any key ring; a Hello Kitty key ring!!! Sigh.....Actually, I felt I would get more usage out of a key ring than I would that gorgeous tabby cat bag or the one I spotted later on - the Tinkerbell purse; most expensive one in the store I was informed.Here, just sit down on this cozy little settee while we get that ready for you the kind saleslady said. No ringing cash registers, no asking me for my ID, none of that. She went in the back and then brought out my tiny little purchase beautifully boxed, wrapped and bagged. Ah, so this is how the other half lives. I felt like a princess for those few moments. It was very nice indeed.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2008,2/23/2008,197,316,10,6,5>Tropical Breeze had not one, but THREE moments of awesome on my latest trip to Vegas.Moment #1 - 5:00am-ish.  We'd been partying at Tryst and were starved after a night of dancing.  We decided to get a bite at the Wynn's all-night cafe.  We sat down and waited.  And waited.  And didn't see anything on the menu we liked.  And waited.  So, we left and decided to take a chance on the Tropical Breeze, located back at our home base, the Flamingo.  Success!  Service was very fast and friendly, and my grilled cheese was divine.  My chocolate milk was not at all chocolatey, but you can't expect miracles all the time.Moment #2 - About four hours later we're up again, raring to go.  Time for breakfast!  It's always so hard to decide if you want something sweet or savory, so my friends and I ordered eggs and decided to split one order of waffles.  Except....10 minutes after placing our order we realized that we forgot to ask for waffles.  Oh noes!  Panic!  Call over the waiter!  Hurry!  Explain the situation!  He ran to the kitchen!  Our food arrived!  No waffles!  AAAACKK!  He ran back to the kitchen and came out with our waffles!  Sigh of relief....the day was saved.Moment #3 - 6:00am-ish.  Totally starved after dancing at Body English and playing at Hard Rock's casino.  Seriously, I was sitting at the blackjack table, not even excited when my friend hit 21 because I was too busy fantasizing about a Tropical Breeze grilled cheese.  I could literally taste the buttery crunch of the bread and the yummy melted cheddar.  We leave Hard Rock with our winnings, get to the cafe, and dun-dun-duuuuuun - grilled cheese isn't served at 6:15am!  My friends and I lock glassy, mascara-smudged eyes and decide to plea our case to the waitress.  Ten minutes later three grilled cheeses appeared at our table.  Hmm, maybe miracles CAN happen at the Tropical Breeze Cafe.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,2/22/2008,65,120,18,14,17>I won playing Blackjack. I won playing Poker. I won playing Keno. I even won playing Penny Slots. The Grand Buffet tastes great when your wallet is as fat as mine got here.  Had I lost money this place would get one star. Just so you know what  the Casino itself is like. I just cant bring myself to do a shit review for a place that made me a months salary in less than 6 hours.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,2/21/2008,153,246,4,2,6>The observant and clever husband of a friend of mine came up with this word: "lobotomille"-- it's a chimera of "lobotomy", "thousand[s]" in Italian, and "milling".  He came up with this word after he and my friend went to Las Vegas for a few days, and if there ever was one word to capture the essence of Sin City, I would place my vote for this one. Bouchon, however, is one of the places in Las Vegas where you don't have to rub shoulders with The Rest of Them.  Just put your head down as you go past all the slots in the Venetian and get to the elevator as fast as possible, and then you get to walk into the restaurant with perfectly tinkling water glasses, Massive Attack at ideal volume in the background, and some really really fabulous French bistro eats.  I went there with two friends for dinner.+Cocktail: Brigitte Bardot (Spanish calvados, Campari, cassis, apple juice)+Plate du Fromage: Tomme du Dauphine, Rogue River Blue, Black Gold with sliced fuji apples and New Zealand honeycomb+Salade de Poires, Noisette et Roquette (bosc pear salad with hazelnut brittle, arugula, and pear vinaigrette)+Moules au Safran et a la Moutarde (Maine bouchot mussels steamed in white wine, mustard, and saffron served with pommes frites)+Profiteroles with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce+Port: 1970 DelaforceDon't forget, kids, that Anthony Bourdain went to Bouchon with the express purpose of dumping on their pommes frites-- after all, Tony and Les Halles are supposed to have the drop on fries-- and he takes one bite of the fries and mutters, "fuck."  THAT'S HOW GOOD THE POMMES FRITES ARE, PEOPLE.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2008,2/20/2008,338,829,2,5,4>wow. what a perfect treat for someone who just had their wisdom teeth extracted. i was grumpy all day cuz i'm tired of having soup for dinner and shakes for lunch. blaaaa... so after having pho with a friend we decide to go to red mango....delicious!!! the yogurt was delicious by itself. not too sweet..not too bland. just right! i got a small original with strawberry and mango. i really wanted the fruity pebbles but i still cant chew without wanting to cry. i guess it is a little pricey but its worth it in my book to get a tasty treat. i believe its $1 for one topping then $1.25 for two... so i guess its worth it to get the second topping. i havent tried the green tea version cuz i dont like green tea.. so my review will just have to be for the original. im definitely coming back. these chipmunky cheeks are definitely hooked on red mango!!UPDATE: o2.o3.o8yea.... so i went back! haha and its still just as tasty as i remembered. i know its only been a day but i was craving that perfectly sweet/tart yogurt. i got it with mango and mochi this time. i brought 2 friends with me who loved it too! the mango was still sweet and cool points to the girl who worked there for cutting up my mango pieces a little smaller than how they had it. she looked confused until i explained why my cheeks were pudgy. lol. and the mochi was soft! i was worried about how it was gonna make my mouth feel but it was still soft even after being mixed in with the frozen yogurt. there was a hint of sugar which was nice but i loves me sugar so i'll skip out on it next time for some fruity pebbles or something. my friend gladly ate my mochi. we have different tastes. anyway... definitely somewhere i will be visiting often. and they open til 1am on a sunday??!?!?! awesome!!!its $2.50 for a small.. 1 topping: $1, 2 toppings: $1.25, 3 toppings: $1.50 and then $1 for each additional topping.they also have smoothies for around $5. and you get 3 toppings. i think i'll try it next time and eat it with a spoon. has anyone ever had dry socket? im trying my best to avoid it!.... i went back again today.. so i could get a different person hooked on it.. am i ashamed? NO. lol.. 2/4/8
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2007,2/19/2008,1201,2198,2,8,9>Rosemary's deserves the full 5 stars for more than one reason. I had read about Rosemary's and liked some of the different dishes on their menu and so had booked a meal at this off Strip restaurant, allowing lots of time to get to Penn & Teller at the Rio for their evening performance.Unfortunately, the cab driver from my hotel had no idea where he was going and dropped me off in the wrong place. After 15 minutes of searching, I found out that I was in the wrong place, miles from the restaurant. As I hate being late for reservations, I rang Rosemary's to advise them about my delay and that I would try to get another cab. Well, I must have caught the companies at peak period and there wasn't a cab to be had for love nor money.After 30 minutes of increasingly desperate ringing, I rang Rosemary's back. The person on the end of the phone said not to worry and that they would try and get me a cab and they would ring me back. After 5 minutes, she rang back to say that they couldn't get a cab but that one of their regulars was on her way to pick me up!!!! A delightful lady duly arrived and we had a great natter in the car on the way over to the restaurant. What unbelievable service!At the restaurant, they assured me that they would serve my food in time for me to catch my show and that they had already sorted out a cab for my trip to the Rio. If that was all they did, I would already be tempted to award them 5 stars for customer service above and beyond the call of duty alone.However, the food just reinforced the 5 star rating. I gather that Rosemary's used to be located at one of the big hotels - well, it's their loss. This food is vibrant, it's full of flavour, it's different and it's confident in itself.I plumped for the prix fixe dinner where there is a good choice of appetizers and entree with some choices attracting a supplementary charge. At my server's suggestion, I settled for one of the restaurant's signature appetizers - Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp. A flavourful interpretation of an old american favourite. I had the rack of lamb for entree and the meat was cooked perfectly. I'm afraid I can't remember the name of my dessert but a lovely sweet ending to the meal.As it was such a fraught evening for me, the restaurant gave me some special home made chocolates to take away and enjoy at the show. Special people and definitely worth the trip off the Strip.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,2/18/2008,90,68,8,14,7>This place has all the makings of one of my favorite shops: creepy vibe, rare stuff, and an owner that is a maniacal know-it-all geek par excellence. I wanted to buy a classic NES console and a friend had told me they sell repaired ones here. The owner offered to repair a used one for me within the next week for $40 or I could buy one NIB for $65. I had an immediate urge to play Duck Hunt, so I chose the NIB deal. They also stock some awesome vintage consoles, including Atari, Vectrex, and full-sized arcade games, as well as classic/rare video game cartridges. God, I feel very geeky writing this review, but I am sure I will be back for an Atari system within the next week.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2008,2/17/2008,272,113,7,6,4>PROS:- Overall great for dancing! The floor is fun & not insanely packed like other popular Vegas discos. You can comfortably get your groove on.- Music was good (few uncomfortable mash-ups) until 2am, when it turned a little too rave; maybe their way of clearing the table.- The view from the outside deck is stunning!- Service was courteous, helpful, & professional.CONS:- There is a high cover but it is Vegas & a popular disco should capitalize while it can.- Not much eye candy getting the green light. They can be more selective with the ladies they allow in - this doesn't apply solely to Moon.TIPS:- Retreat upstairs for a nice break from dancing to overlook the floor.- Hand stamp is valid for entry at all clubs at 2am (Playboy, Ghost Bar, Moon).- Observing a group of middle-age men dancing together to rave music at 2:30am will put a touch of sorrow in your heart; avoid looking directly at said displays for an extended period.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,2/16/2008,204,235,6,6,6>THEhotelTHEbestTHEchicTHEeleganceTHEsassyTHEfufulalaYes, this hotel definitely deserves to have the 3 letters of its name in capital. I had reservations at Mandalay Bay, but they had sold out of rooms by the time I checked in so they upgraded me to a very sweet suite at THEhotel at Mandalay Bay. I will never stay at another Vegas hotel again.  You can actually get some peace and quiet in Vegas. But then again, who wants peace and quiet in Vegas?
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,2/15/2008,492,700,,7,6>This is a truly amazing oasis in a sea of cheese and debauchery.  Since we were sans little wee one on our naughty adult vacation to Sin City, we decided to pop over to the Springs Preserve and check it out.  It's a relatively new desert botanical garden and learning center.  Hubby is a science teacher so he was WAY excited to get his science groove on.We went a little later than expected and only had a couple hours to spend but we easily could have spent at least 4 hours wandering the hiking trails and checking out the cool exhibits.  Basically this attraction has three parts...origin experience which has tons of cool interactive activities, films, and a little zoo of desert life, Desert Lving Center which is all about conservation, and Gardens/Trails which is a bunch of interconnected trails.  It was really cold when we were there so we didn't spend as much time as we like on the trails.If you have some time and want to get away for a bit from the smoke and vice of the Strip, check out the Springs Preserve. It's really lovely.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2008,2/14/2008,645,409,2,4,4>I am really struggling between 3 and 4 stars.  At the end, 4-star seems appropriate especially considering my stays here were free.  The Diamond Check-in was always very quick and courteous.  Whenever possible, they tried to give me a room on the higher floor with view of the strip which was PERFECT!  I could watch the water show at the Bellagio all night. The room used to be decorated in French country style (which I didn't care for) and has now gone ultra modern, like the rest of Vegas hotels, with flat screen TV, iPod docking radio, and a huge red leather headboard.  The new white comforter and pillows are plush and fluffy.  The room is a tad bit small for a 4-star hotel and the marble bathroom is nice enough with a separate shower and tub.  I guess being that it is 'Paris', the hotel tries to maintain its element of romance, thus, using RED as the accent color for the new room decor, quite eye-catching at first glance.  RED is supposed to be a happy color and signifies 'lucky' for Chinese, so I thought maybe I'd get lucky at the casino.  Well, no such luck!!!  I'd have to agree with the other reviewers that the outside of the hotel is more beautiful than the inside and makes a nice backdrop for some pictures to take home with.  Unlike the other casinos which have the mural sky in the shopping areas, Paris has it all throughout the main casino which I think is quite lovely.  Le Boulevard is cute to look at but too narrow of a walkway and the uneven surface of the cobblestone make it a pain to pass through.  Although there are some shops at the Bally's-Paris Promenade, it is nothing compare to the Forum Shops across the street at the Caesars.  For a true shopping pleasure, you are better off going to Caesars, Bellagio, Venetian, or Planet Hollywood.  The Diamond Lounge, open to only diamond and seven star Total Reward Card holders, offers good variety of appetizers, fresh fruits, and desserts if you just want a place to take a short break and relax.  Can't complain for all the free food and free drinks for us Diamond Total Reward Card players.  The location is almost at the center of the strip so it's easy to visit other casinos.  You can also catch the monorail next door at the Bally's which is connected to Paris.  This is not a 5-star hotel so don't expect 5-star quality.  But if you're a romantic soul and want to experience some French love, then Paris might suit you fine.  Bon Jour!
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2008,2/13/2008,160,245,2,4,4>If you love seafood as much as I do, the Rio Seafood Buffet is a must.While it's one of the pricier buffets in town (something like $40 per person), nowhere else can you get such a deal on unlimited seafood. You could easily cover the cost of the buffet by eating say.. four lobster tails. Or three dozen oysters on the half shell. Or a mountain of crab legs. Or a couple plates of sushi and sashimi. Or deep fried catfish. Or grilled swordfish steaks. Or a heaping plate of shrimp cocktail. Or fried clams. Or steamed mussels. Or.. or.. or.. Every imaginable seafood in a variety of preparations.It's amazing. Heavenly. ENDLESS SEAFOOD. I spent 3 hours eating here once. And I wanted to do it again the next day.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,2/12/2008,935,1053,11,16,10>I'm going to start a petition to officially change the name from Las Vegas to Line Vegas. Step off the plane, wait in the taxi line.  Get to the buffet, wait in another line. Go to a club?  Wait in line.So it shouldn't have surprised me to see the line to check in at the Mandalay Bay.  But that was pretty much the only negative to our stay.Our room was great - huge HDTV flatscreen, big bathroom (with another tv set - score!) alarm clock with built in iPod dock.  When we checked in we asked for a room up high...not only did we get that but also a pool view.A couple of tips - #1 Definitely request a room with a pool view and close to the elevator when you check in.#2 Double check your bill before you leave the room...they had charged us $30 for mini bar items that we didn't drink because they have sensors in the fridge that could tell we lifted the bottles up to take a look at them (mini Patron bottles are so damn cute!)They promptly reversed the charges as soon as we told them what happened.I would highly recommend staying at Mandalay Bay and will definitely stay there again the next time I'm in Line, eh, Las Vegas.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,2/11/2008,0,0,2,6,5>Five stars on decor alone.  The food can't possibly hold a candle to the aesthetic feast that awaits at this place.  But will find out on Sunday night at 8:30 PM for an UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event here in Las Vegas).  The sizzling pork sisig is reputed to be the very best in town.This is a Downtown institution.  It has the most incredible Pagoda Facade and neon lit sign outside.  The entry has an etched dragon glass window with trompe l'oeil pagoda wainscotting and painted details.  From the shocking hot pink archways to the fog-emitting goddess fountain to the cherry red vinyl & brass booths, one can never be sure if they're actually on the set of a Quentin Tarantino or War Kong Wei film.  The restaurant is absolutely stunning in its salute to kitsch complete with a karaoke mirrored stage, lanterns, mismatched bouquets of bright silk flowers, miniature waiters in tiny red bell-hop style vests, old school hostess with helmet hair.A little bit Twilight Zone, a little bit the place that time forgot, a little bit nostalgic and a whole lot of tacky all in one sitting.You can't possibly get enough or take it all in at one sitting.The patrons ranged from down and dirty cowboy gamblers to aging cocktail waitress types with bleached blonde hair fried to the high heavens and sexy karaoke girls with gold Let's Get Physical Olivia Newton-John sequins headbands.  Hot.  This place gets a thorough thumbs up from me.  Mostly a Filipino crowd but stray crazies from Downtown, too - always good.  I. AM. VERY. INTO. IT.UPDATE:  Wing Fong's Spirit Lives On, Yes Indeed.  Look him up - he's integral to Las Vegas history.  This place drips with history and kitsch and look out for helmet hair lady who vacuums aimlessly around the tables and the little waiter in a tiny red vest and the fog emitting goddess water fountain + an old time cash register, red vinyl brass studded waiting area booth seating, pagoda trompe l'oeuil, neon lit signs, the good night owl (PHOTO OPPORTUNITY AHOY!), a ridiculous band of Filipino karaoke power ballad singers, hot pink archways. It's a Quentin Tarantino/War Kong Wei film come to life complete with Christmas colorful twinkly lights.Order the sizzling pork sisig if you're down with crunchy, lemony and oniony, YUM.  Why this place hasn't been flooded with hipsters yet is beyond me?  Are they really still hanging out on Fremont Street by the bars there?
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2007,2/10/2008,32,2,2,2,2>This is the oldest flea market in Vegas; I started coming here around 1997 IIRC. Some of the vendors and what you can find here has changed over the years, and the cost of admission has gone up, but you can still drink a beer and hunt for bargains.Yes, I said beer. They might not have the gals in bikinis on the golf carts selling the beer (You now have to go to one of the beer booths), but they are still selling.Those cheap harbor freight tools? get them here cheaper.Leather? Electronics? PS2 games? cell phones, car stereos? incense? fruit & veg? birds? car sun shades, dashboard rugs, and steering wheel covers? yup.Furniture. appliances. clothing. crazy swords & knives. beans, chilies, cooking gear, music, hats,  - almost anything. This is a good mix of folks selling their extra stuff and folks who do this as a business - unlike the other so called 'flea markets' in Vegas.Oh, and do not forget your dashboard deity.If you are Latino, you will love this place - definitely geared towards your culture. But I think anyone will find something of interest. As for food, the Texas BBQ place here is mediocre - they cook their meat over gas, and you can taste it in the meat.Do not bother to get the Thai iced tea from the Thai place next door to the BBQ joint - the most disgusting stuff I ever tried to drink.The place opens up at 0630, closes at dusk. I suggest getting there at opening to beat the heat & crowds. Entry is now $3. Bring a bag to carry your finds, your water & munchies, and sunscreen.Yes, wear sunscreen.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2008,2/9/2008,71,149,3,5,5>66 reviews can't be wrong.  It was absolutely amazing!  It was everything I hoped it would be and more.  I think it was even better than sex!We started out w/ the Agadasi Tofu, Mochi Bacon(I highly recommend that you try that) Sashimi (freshest fish that I've ever had) I tried this squid thing that someone else ordered, and I don't even like squid, but that was delicious. The mango and vanilla mochi ice cream was to die for... I can't even remember what else we ordered, but everything was wonderful!Loved the atmosphere: authentic, non-pretentious, good fast service, and affordable.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2008,2/7/2008,1287,1043,5,5,4>I wanted to go to one of the top 5 clubs in LV so we ended up at Jet. I wasn't super impressed. I guess I expected more. The line went down for what seemed like miles. Thank goodness our VIP host was fabulous. Of course it was easier since we were all girls. We hate waiting in line! :)I mean it was crowded as heck and there were lots of hot people, but it was small and the music was just okay. The go go dancer girls in the lingerie were cute but some of them were yucky. One in particular stood out.The guys in there were SLLLEEEEEAAAZZZZYYYYYYY. Jet itself is ok. I guess we stayed to satisfy my curiousity. Would I go back? Maybe after I check out every other "hot" club in LV.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2007,2/6/2008,82,124,1,5,7>I thought this was a great show, but I'm possibly biased since Penn dragged me up on stage to be his 'assistant' during the opening act.  (I knew I shouldn't have sat in the aisle seat.  Or worn such a low-cut dress.)Some of the tricks were amazing...... I loved what Teller did with the goldfish.  And the bartenders were awesome, mostly because one of them went and found me a bottle of cheap champagne (which I'm pretty sure is a total rarity in Vegas). And, like other reviews have mentioned, Penn & Teller hang out in the lobby after the show for autographs and pictures.  Which is pretty cool.My boyfriend thought this was the best thing we did in Vegas (next to renting a private cabana at Mandalay Bay).  I'd definitely go see this show again.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,2/5/2008,176,430,14,8,8>- Hot, tender beef brisket - about $10- Super big, ice cold Ketel One vodka martini - about $9- The Salt Lick BBQ t-shirt - about $18        Their slogan (as noted on the reverse of the t-shirt):                             "I didn't get to the top                                  of the food chain                                      to become                                     a vegetarian"- Having strangers trying to buy the shirt off my back - Priceless
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2007,2/4/2008,521,497,6,7,10>When someone says brunch, I'm expecting a combination of breakfast and lunch items.  No such luck here.  I found no breakfast items awaiting me.  The only redeeming factor...prime rib.  You don't have to wait til 4pm when the dinner crowd start to wander in.  You can have it early.  And you can have it the way you want it...rare, medium, thick, thin, etc.  Pair this with the spicy fresh horseradish and you've got a clear brunch winner.  Or have it with a side of bacon wrapped pork tenderloin and a grilled lamb steak...I did, along with a plate of peeled shrimp.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2007,2/3/2008,220,480,2,4,4>God bless you Tom Collichio, your bald head, and your delicious steak. No longer will I roll my eyes when you make pompous comments on Top Chef -- you really do know what you are talking about when it comes to food.  My steak was like an orgasm on a plate, so so delicious. The potatoes dishes (I had two, so what if I like carbs) were fantastic, and the wine list was filled with some of my favorite semi-obscure California varietals. Yes, THIS is why I gave up being a vegetarian and the fact that the meal was on someone else's dime (that would be my parents) made it all the sweeter.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,2/2/2008,132,692,1,13,5>Tix 4 Tonight has 4 locations in Vegas, which is nice.  We happened upon 2 of them during our four day stay.  It seems almost too good to be true at first, but they're legit- they really do get you cheap seats to the good shows, or 50% off entrees at the super expensive restaurants all over Vegas.  The only trick is that it's same day (or sometimes next day) but so what?  We got half price tickets to a show of Cirque du Soleil's Mystere only a couple hours before curtain, and still walked over to Treasure Island in time to reserve fabulous seats.  We also recommended it to my uncle, who was going in a party of 40 to Pampa's, a somewhat pricey Brazilian steakhouse.  What a great idea!  I love this place.
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2007,2/1/2008,111,188,7,3,4>Graveyard special? Ass juice? Bacon Martini? I love it! Where else can you get a co-existence of every type of person from the social spectrum all packed into the same place and everyone gets along just fine?This bar is right on the footstep of the UNLV campus in what a cab driver once told me was the "Fruit Loop", nearby some gay bars.After my second or third day here I convinced my boss to try a bacon martini with me. I asked him what was in it and the bartender replied "Bacon and Vodka, of course!".It was probably the most disgusting thing I ever drank and it took me about 40 minutes to finish. My boss was able to just take the pain and gulp it down quickly. The massive amounts of PBR I drank to wash it down just intensified the taste exponentially.  The wax feeling on your lips, the little floating pieces in the martini, everything about it was surreal. Christ, I can't wait to experience that again.They have a sign that says "You puke, you clean it" or something very close if I remember, and a sign next to it "Puke insurance, $20". Be sure to get the Graveyard Special.Another cool thing was they actually comped a couple of PBR's for me because I had played like $1 in the built-in video blackjack on the bar.Sometimes at night, when it's quiet, I can hear this place calling my name.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2007,1/31/2008,19,242,8,11,9>I am amazed at the lack of thinking that has gone into some of the reviews of the Tropicana. Torn down ..... no way !!Old School Vegas ..... of course ! it is one of the oldest in Vegas.You get what you pay for ....... of course you do !Internet access 14.00 a day  .... who comes to Vegas for the Internet ???You stay at the Tropicana because it is on the corner of  the Strip with the MGM, the New York NewYork and a simple tram ride from the Excalibur down to the Mandalay Bay.Think about it ...You room is costing you $100.00 - 160.00 less per night than if you were right across the street at the mega hotel complex.If you are in Vegas to party, to visit the studio 54, to drink, to dance, to hit the table games at the casino, then think of the money you have to work with by "walking across the street."If you are on your honeymoon and plan to stay in your room for quite a while then get a room at the Venetian ....If not - use common sense and spend your money where it does the most good - not on a room that you see in the dark of night.The tropicana lends itself to some excellent experiences, party across the street at Studio 54, eat at the 9 Fine Irishmen in the New York. Splurge at the Craftsteak in the MGM with the money you saved on your room. Take that 100.00 and by in at the poker room at the MGM.The tropican pool is a great experience in the summer, with all those little isolated coves and the swim up blackjack - the first in vegas.Yes, you do have to walk a ways to your room, the rooms in the garden area are old and simple, the towers are a bit nicer and yes the food is probably not what you are hoping for but the key is LOCATION.My son and 4 of his friends stayed comfortably with me in one of the tower rooms, so don't talk about cramped style.I am amazed at the people who want to pay 49.95 a night for a room and then think they are going into a room that is the same as the Bellagio ......Think LOCATION ......... just  think a little and you will have a grand time at one of the old Grand Dames of Vegas.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2007,1/30/2008,114,255,5,5,4>rain was closed for christmas.pure was closed for christmas.tryst was closed for christmas.tao was open for christmas but a endless gigantic line scared us.tangerine was open for christmas and no line.we were on the vip list so we walked right in.we walked through the dance floor, out to the heated patio, and to the bar. no congestion no pushing no pulling.i loved the fact that i was able to order my drinks without waiting in line and with my normal talking voice instead of shouting "CRANBERRY VODKA WITH A SPLASH OF CHAMBORD!!!" my friends and i had a great time dancing (yes, actually dancing) drinking, and meeting people. i know this isn't the vegas "IT" club, but it is a nice place to just hang out with friends. tangerine is a vegas club minus craziness, crowd-ness, hoochie-ness and drunkness... i guess this place isn't very vegas.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,1/29/2008,200,251,2,5,5>On our flight to vegas, we ran into a top chef contestant, Marcel. We asked him where to eat in Vegas and this was one of his choices.  "Best Thai Food in North America" by Gourmet magazine, so I had some high expectations. Having been to Thailand and hung out with locals who showed me delicious non-touristy food, I was super excited to try this place. The food was good and spicy! I LOVE spicy food and most thai restaurants are just not spicy enough for me, so 4 stars for that! But I think calling it the best thai food in the USA is probably an exaggeration. Though, perhaps if I had tried more dishes, I would think so. I asked the waitress for her recommendations and she was quick to point out dishes that weren't on the menu and were 2x as expensive. That was a bit suspicious, so we just stuck to dishes from the menu that sounded good.Would go back to try more.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2008,1/28/2008,364,259,3,4,4>This is the one hotel I've been most impressed with in Vegas. Beautiful and spacious rooms, great views and the elegant settings. They even have a Ferrari store in the hotel, hello, can you say luxury? I loved the modern decor and fabulous service, of course. I've had the really good times at Tryst and at Blush. Loved the dining experience at Daniel Boulud Brasserie, too. I've stayed here twice now and can't think of anywhere better to stay. During the warm months, the pool is the best place to be in Vegas! Both times I've found really good deals on Travelzoo. It's close to the Fashion Show Mall and walking distance to the Venetian and The Mirage!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,1/27/2008,107,206,4,7,4>I'm not sure if there is a point to writing this review . . . On the one hand, Valentino's is a stunning restaurant -- from it's location within the equally stunning Venetian Hotel, to the beautiful decor, to the amazingly delicious food.  On the other hand, we've never once seen a menu here . . . each time Lynn and I have been lucky enough to dine here, we've been seated and the food merely "arrives" at our table, along with wines for each course.  Is this the "regular" tasting menu?  I honestly don't know . . . if it is, or even if it isn't, the variety of dishes served to us over the coursse(s) of the evening -- each exquisitely done -- has me feeling confident when I say that everything on this menu is excellent.  I've never had a dish here that disappointed; indeed, everything has been not merely delicious -- and, come on, how can "delicious"  be described as "merely"? -- but each dish has surpassed our expectations . . . . Thank heavens I don't live in Vegas . . . there are now too many great restaurants there; I'd end up weighing 300 pounds . . . but Valentino's definitely continues to hold on to its spot as THE best Italian restaurant in this town, and one of my "Top Three" overall (along with Lotus of Siam and L'Atlelier de Joel Robuchon).* * * * *A final note:  "Good for Kids," as always, depends upon the kids themselves, and not the restaurant.  Our kids, who have grown up at places like Chez Panisse, would be thrilled with the food here; if your kids are still in the "pasta with butter and cheese" or "pasta with red sauce" phase, I have no doubt the restaurant can serve them, but I'm not sure this is the best choice for your kids' enjoyment.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,1/26/2008,273,261,2,6,6>We stumbled upon this spot by pure accident. We originally were looking for a Persian restaurant this side of town but it's been 5 or so years that I've forgotten what street it was on.We saw Penang Malaysian on the signage and thought that it's a good alternative.  At 3pm, it was closed. Weird, I thought we Asians don't have a proper time to eat - if we're hungry, we just eat.Dizzy and grumpy from setting up the booth for CES, we settled for Hue Thai. Mind you, I had my doubts seeing both Thai and Vietnamese word on the same line. I mean, really...Entering the place just made it all the worse. It was dark, dank and downright tacky. Come on, an underwater mural? I was hoping to see an Asian Ariel to start singing "Under The Sea" - oh wait, it was the lobster who sang that.  Anyhoo, the menu was extensive and cheap. Really CHEAP! Fuck, why really blow my per diem at those wasteful buffets? People, people are starving in Africa.Back to Hue Thai, the Banh Mi I ordered was actually delicious and satisfying - the French bread was still warm and fresh off the oven, the pickled veggies didn't overpower the meat and just had the right amount of  dressing.  The Tom Yung Goong was spicy, meaty and hot, served on one of those fiery hot metal pots. Just the way I like it.  The best $12.00 meal I've had in years in Vegas. Well, if they have French bread with ice cream, the meal would have been complete. So, minus one star. Never had those?
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2007,1/25/2008,47,101,,5,5>We came to Como's for Thanksgiving dinner this year, and based on that meal which I can only describe as endlessly savory, I gladly offer five stars.  Como's is located in Lake Las Vegas, that shining mecca of all things non-Vegas -- grass, water, serenity -- and home to Celine Dion, a Ritz Carlton, and a floating ice rink during the cooler months of the year.  Lake Las Vegas can be quite charming -- shops and restaurants arranged along cobblestone streets; for a moment you forget that you had to walk through an obligatory (this is Nevada after all) casino on your walk from the parking lot. When we arrived, there was live piano music from a musician who actually took requests, a friendly bartender mixing stiff drinks, and the smell of a home-cooked Thanksgiving meal being enjoyed by patrons.  Joseph Keller was not in the kitchen the night we were there, and instead we enjoyed a meal created by their french chef whose name escapes me -- he walked around to make sure patrons were enjoying their food during the meal.  For what it's worth, this guy can cook my Thanksgiving meals from here on out.  Dinner was a four-course meal that began with a rich and creamy pumpkin soup and fresh-baked rolls.  Next came a mixed greens salad with cranberries, walnuts, and a dressing that was both light and flavorful at the same time -- a pleasing balance after the pumpkin soup.  The main entree was a beautiful presentation of sliced, juicy turkey and ham arranged over thinly cut sweet potatoes and stuffing.  This was coupled with perfectly cooked green beans -- not greasy, mushy, losing-their-color beans, but bright green and still with a slight crispness to them.  The meats were topped with a thin gravy.I am not usually that big a fan of Thanksgiving food -- it's all neither here nor there, yay turkey, whoo-hoo stuffing -- but THIS... THIS has made me want to eat Thanksgiving dinner again and again and again.  I should clarify, I want to eat THIS Thanksgiving dinner over and over and over again.  Not that past dinners have been bad -- this dinner has just ruined me for Thanksgivings to come.  We finished with some pumpkin pie, but by this time we were all so stuffed that it was all I could do to sip my port and stare at the pie.  Yes, I realize Como's is a steakhouse and I have just reviewed them on Thanksgiving, one special-menu day of the year; however, after this experience, I have nothing but great feelings about the rest of their culinary creations -- or at least those by that french chef.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/16/2008,1/23/2008,213,193,5,8,7>Mario Batali... You've disappointed me AGAIN. First with Osteria Mozza... now with B&B. I'm really becoming a skeptic. Yes, it's nice, and all. But it's also loud. Like Osteria Mozza you played WEIRD music. I mean, really, I love Zeppelin, and I REALLY love modest mouse, but when I'm paying as much as I am for a meal, with good company, I want to be able to listen to my dinner companions, not your rockin' iPod. I started with a simple (albeit expensive) salad... and had the sweet potato ravioli. Which, in all honesty, tasted like butternut squash ravioli.. but whatever. It was good. It wasn't blow my mind good... but it was good. I'm disappointed again, by the complete disregard for vegetarians. More options here than at Osteria Mozza, but still, very very lacking. Still no vegetarian main course, so I always feel cheap when not ordering one.. and then silly when I have to watch other people eat their main course when I don't have one.Our server was goofy and made inappropriate jokes... which -- hmm... I would expect some professionalism. I make inappropriate jokes too -- but not to my clients. Just... ookaaayyy... and it SHOULDN'T be just oookaaayyy.. it should be great. and... it just ISN'T.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2007,1/22/2008,21,52,7,1,2>The McCarran airport is like a combination of Vegas headline acts:Slot machine studded gate areas that are as noisy as the Blue Man Group.Long security lines that can be as irritating as Celine Dion.Gift shops that are as cheesy as Wayne Newton.Passengers that are as diverse as Wayne Brady's impersonations.Edible food options that are as scarce as Carrot Top's jokes.Location to the Strip as close as Siegfried was to Roy.Looking forward to checking out these "acts" again...
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2007,1/21/2008,157,124,9,7,7>+1 star for not waiting in line+1 star for being a girl and not paying a cover+1 star for getting a bracelet for free champagne all night+1 star for having enough space to dance my ass offThings I learned while in Vegas: There are definitely reasons why champagne is offered as the "unlimited drink." You can only drink so much of it. Props to myself for letting an "old man," who I thought was 35, but according to my friends definitely was not, buy me enough drinks to make me think he was 35. Go me.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2007,1/20/2008,201,397,5,6,7>You've GOT to "stop and smell the roses" when you see 3 different kinds of liquid chocolate flowing from the ceiling down onto the floor at a lovely French patisserie.   And that's exactly what we did - except, we also tasted the darn good metaphorical "roses."YO (my attempt at attracting a massive public attention as I rarely use such, um, form of greeting).  Get this: this place isn't cheap (a simple cup of t-bag tea is $3.50 and most of their pastries run $8-15 per piece).  But it's OH-SO-GOOD, almost to the point where you just wish you owned the place.  The chocolates are rich and smooth (and, yes, expensive - costing over $6 for a tiny piece of rocher), the hot chocolate being a one-way express ticket to heaven, and the pastries.... OH THE PASTRIES!!!If you like fresh crepes... this is the place to be.  They offer a variety of crepes that they make right then and there (see picture) - bam! They also have some (albeit limited) seating areas where you can sit, sip, and savor away the delicate chocolates.  It does get a bit crowded, but I suppose that's all part of the Vegas fun.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2007,1/19/2008,1651,2742,4,11,9>Take the beach parties of Cancun and throw them into a large pool on a Sunday afternoon during the summer time and that is Rehab.Its one of the Las Vegas most popular venues and rightfully so, as there is nothing out there like it.  It isn't just some "pool party" but a real event that happens between Memorial Day and Labor Day on Sundays.  It has gotten so popular that some folks won't go out on Saturday night so they can wake up in time to make this party.And easy way to get into Rehab is to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Its expensive, but at least all guests are provided with a wristband that waives the pricey cover.  Bouncers are a little pretentious and have been that way ever since Rehab started catching on.  The prices for drinks are outrageous here and a cabana is almost out of the question for most low-rollers.  The cocktail waitresses work hard for their tips, its too bad this place has too many jerks and perverted gawkers to care.The eye candy is certainly a big draw.  Girls in bikinis and muscle chiseled guys will engage in some very sketchy behavior in front of everyone with no shame.  "Rehabilitation" on the day of the Sabbath in Sin City, is an absolute must for all those who kick back and enjoy good music, chill but racy atmosphere, and endure some of the most superficial people alive in little clothing (or sometimes - none at all).
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,1/18/2008,195,200,14,9,9>Is it so wrong to give Green Valley Ranch extra stars because I got to stay here for free?  Probably not.  The bedrooms and bathrooms are spacious, and the room I stayed in had a flat panel tv, which is probably standard at all hotels on the Strip.  Green Valley is a nice alternative if you're trying to stay away from the hustle and bustle of Sin City.Yes, I went here with a boy, many, many, many moons ago.  And, Ma, if you're reading this, we slept in separate beds.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,1/17/2008,151,400,1,2,2>I am not absolutely dying to go back, but I grew up in Las Vegas and can say that this one of the finer fine dining establishments. My mom, her boyfriend, my sister, and I ate here for a special occasion post-Phantom and there wasn't a single mentionable flaw in the experience. Everything was fresh, perfectly cooked to order, and tasted great. The service was attentive (though perhaps the tiniest bit slow toward the end of our meal) and friendly. The ambiance was nice, excluding the "old ladies' night out" table nearby making a lot of drunken noise (they were just enjoying themselves but boy did one of them have a memorable cackle!) and would be suitable for a nice date.I recommend the caesar composed tableside as well as the tomato salads to begin with. I enjoyed my seared tuna and the steak and scallops I tasted were excellent, as was the tiramisu for dessert .
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,1/16/2008,98,15,2,7,5>Intro:I was floating on a cloud the entire time.Food:We had the six course tasting menu:Avocado pure in a thin herb gele and olive oil flavored curd cheese:  AMAZING.Shaved white truffles and potatoes with olive oil, topped with foie gras carpaccio:  AMAZING.Custard of Gorgonzola with a pear vierge and sage tomatoes:  Decent.Pan-fried sea bass with a lemon grass foam and stewed baby leeks:  AMAZINGGrilled Kobe beef with matsutake mushroom, parsley tempura, horseradish mustard:  AMAZING.  I have to admit, I was a little fearful of the idea of the mushroom and tempura with my Kobe, but it all complimented each other nicely.Pineapple with hazelnut-praline and orange Pekoe tea sorbet:  I didn't have a chance to try this.  At this point, I was feeling like a genuine fatty.Service:It was perfect, just the right amount of attention and knowledge without it being so overbearing.Ambiance:Exquisite.  Very clean and minimal.  Brought back memories of Paris.Overall:This is truly an experience.  It's worth every shiny penny.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,1/15/2008,607,243,16,9,12>Grated, this was one of the most dilapitated establishments on the strip...but although The Boardwalk Hotel & Casino is closed, it still holds a special place in my heart.  A review is in store for providing a memory that will be stamped in my head forever.New Years 2006Two Hotel Rooms:          $250Three Bottles of Moet:     $90One Bottle of Goose:      $40Mixers:                               $155 Girls under 21 wishing they were of age to attend all the clubbing, gambling and other fun during one of the craziest nights & and getting plastered beyond oblivion instead:      ***PRICELE$$***
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,1/14/2008,549,250,4,6,5>Hi... my name is Roo ... and I'm a Gogo-Holic.   I am a total crack fiend for the rice at this placeThe roasted chicken is great, their sides are excellent and I'm also in love with their Hummus.  (Yes, I've been on a Mediterranean kick this week) If you order their chicken with any rice whatsoever, make sure to ask for the chicken to be on top of the rice.  Alone, the rice is great and alone, the chicken is delicious and juicy, but when the chicken drippings mix together with the rice pilaf, something magical happens and the whole truly becomes greater than the sum of its parts.  Gotta try it.Tip - Be careful with the stuff that comes in the tubs, one of them is creamed garlic (May have to ask for it) which is delicious, but if you slather it on the pita thinking that it's butter, you may be in for a nice eye-watering surprise
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,1/13/2008,185,427,9,18,12>WARNING: this is going to be a very long review....but it's also gonna be hella useful (and you might as well throw in a "cool" and "funny" too....okay, maybe not funny.)Ever since some of my cousins moved to Vegas, we very rarely go to the strip.  I honestly couldn't tell you the last time I stepped foot on the strip.  Do I care?  Heck no!  I hate crowds, I don't party, and I'm not a big gambler.  Those are all the reasons why you'd go to the strip anyway.  What I love about having family in Vegas is they can tell you all the local hot spots.  The Red Rock is definitely one of them.  We came here last year when it first opened and it was wonderful.  I love the round set up of the casino floor/bars/club.  This past weekend, we booked a few rooms here to have an early Christmas at my cousin's house.  I wish I was here for more than one night.  Are you ready?  Here's what they have:- "Cherry" nightclub (multi-level), 7 bars, 1 lounge- Food Court including: Fatburger, 2 Starbucks, Rubios, Panda Express, Ben & Jerry- Restaurants including something Japanese, Mexican, Italian, Grand Cafe (yelp.com/user_details_re), T-Bone Chophouse (which my cousin said was excellent), Feast Buffet, and............an Oyster Bar.  The Oyster Bar is beautiful and unique.- Spa with prices higher than Burke Williams- "Adventure Spa" services including: horseback riding, ranger tours, guided hikes, rock climbing, bike tours and river rafting- Regal Cinemas...........yes, a movie theatre- 24 hour bowling alley.............are you kidding me?  Freakin' awesome!- Arcade for the kidsThe rooms.........ultra modern.  I love the chocolate brown/green combination.  (Other rooms had white/brown combinations).  It also had:- $12.99 internet/day- Huge flat screen in the room...mini flat screen at the end of the tub- Comfy couches, chairs, beds, benches at the end of each bed- Bose alarm clock which was already playing for us as we entered- Door Bell!  A freakin'doorbell!- I sat in the tub.  It went as high as my shoulders and I had room at the end of my feet.- The only thing I could say is it could use a larger shower.  - Careful if you end up getting drunk in your room.  There is a fully censored mini-bar.  If you remove an item for more than 45 seconds, it will charge your credit card.  You'll end up taking home an intimacy kit for your fiance, like my cousin did.  The hotel is just beautiful.  I love the giant red doors (at the main lobby) that you could see in to.  The hallways leading to the rooms are decorated and lit with a bit of a dizzying effect but are beautiful.  The doors to the rooms are in their own little hallway which is awesome so you can't hear the crazy drunkards plowing down the hallway.  There's free bottled water and apples at the check in counter.  They have heat lamps outside as you're waiting for the valet.  The valets.......super nice (some females too), as are the bell guys.  A standard room (two queen beds) is plenty of room for 4 people (except maybe the closet).  For $160 on the Saturday before Christmas, I'd say that's a great deal.  Yes.....it is 20 minutes away from the strip, but I don't need the strip (or the crowds), and you shouldn't either when there are plenty of other great spots, like the Red Rock Casino~Resort~Spa.(ROTD #1)
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2008,1/12/2008,162,55,9,7,7>good lord.  i am a burritosaur that just happens to burritovore.  that's right son.  best burrito/taco shop EVER!  when i lived in las vegas, you could find me at roberto's at least once during the week, and most definitely on the weekend.  multiple locations, ALL 24 hours, seven days a week.  some locations are very much "hole in the wall" status, but other locations on the ritzier sides of town are ballin'.  hugantic carne asada burritos for $4.50!? say what!?  carne asada fries!?  wonderful salsa bar that even has those spicy pickled carrots to boot.  if roberto's served alcohol i'm sure they could take over the world.  i've yakked in a couple of their shops, not because their food was bad, but because i ate so friggin' much of its decliciousness when i was derailed (drunk)!  roberto's=5 stars.  roberto's+alcohol=1 bajillion stars!!
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,1/11/2008,293,585,2,6,6>I know nothing about pinball. I suck at pinball. And I've lost so much money here. But... I LOVE IT.It's beautiful.It's got that smell of "old" like an antique shop.The space itself is nothing special but it's all the blinky lights, bleeps and tinks that make this an amazing place.Be sure to play the 2 story prototype Big Top pinball machine. It's fantastic! My 1 1/2 year old was glossy-eyed!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,1/10/2008,475,184,12,10,11>I'm not one to buy someone a gift for the sake of buying a gift. I mean, not that I won't or don't, it's just that if I really like you, the gift I give you should reflect it. You know, something thoughtful. Useful is good, too. And if there's a comfort factor, even better.Well, when looking for the perfect gift for a certain, special, particular about his stuff guy, I felt a little pressure. I ran through my options. Clothes were out.... as were a million other things that I know he'd scooped up on post-Thanksgiving sale.Then it occurred to me as I started putting the pieces of the gift-giving puzzle together where I needed to be: Sur la Table.They had everything I needed, as well as some other stuff I didn't even KNOW I needed until I got the thing I *did* need.Yeah. Sur la Table is *the* place for unusual, useful, and hard-to-find items for that unusual, practical, hard-to-shop-for person in your life.  And by unusual, I mean special.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,1/9/2008,344,859,4,6,6>OH SH*T. BEST BUFFET EVER. PLUS ITS JUST CALLED THE BUFFET!  who needs a fancy name for a buffet? To tell you the truth, i don't really like eating a lot of food at one time BUT I was really hungry after a night of partying in Vegas. My friends already knew The Buffet was going to be pricey ($21.95 for lunch) BUT we didn't expect the food was going to be THAT good. i was really impressed with the varieties and choices of the menu. Its not your typical buffet. There were so much food and i was so overwhelmed. My favorite items were the Pineapple Grilled Chicken Salad and Spicy Tuna. I LOVE the little portion sizes especially the little salads in cups. However, i thought the desserts wasn't that great. Yes, the homemade ice cream was a plus BUT overall nothing *popped* out. The Buffet is PRICEY BUT WORTH EVERY PENNY Plus YOUR STOMACH WILL THANK YOU. :)
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,1/8/2008,704,190,16,14,18>You know how the casinos all have their own hotels and themes or whatnot, well, Ellis Island has Motel 8. Their theme? "Run-down."NOW WHAT? They're keeping it R-E-A-L like J. Lo for reals. They're still they're still Ellis from the block.The $5 steak dinner is now $6.99 but comes with a free beer (or root beer - AMAZING). At night, you WILL have to wait 1-2 hours for a seat, but you can take a number and then do some gambling, or go in the bar and sing karaoke (at the #1 karaoke spot in Las Vegas??) and/or get your drank on.There's also the AMAZING barbecue ribs restaurant adjacent to the karaoke bar/regular restaurant, and for under $10, you can get a HUGE half-rack of the most tender, juicy, flavorful, smoky, wonderful, meat-filled heavenly blessed BBQ rib EVAR.It is worth walking the 2 loooong looooong looooooooong desolate and construction-esque Las Vegas blocks (equivalent to 3-5 regular city blocks) in stifling heat to go to this casino. It's like the poor forsaken old Downtown Las Vegas, but only 2 loooong looooong looooooooong blocks away from the shiny It-Child Las Vegas Strip.$1 single deck , $5 multiple deck black jack,  on the weekend daytimes (increases at around 4-5 pm) but WAY cheaper than the big ones on the Strip. They only have 2-3 blackjack tables though.$1 roulette in the evenings, etc. Only 1 roulette table though.More Useful Things:If you become a club member, make sure to ask them for a freebie! They have nice stuff - t-shirt, shot glasses, mugs, etc.Save your place mat from the restaurant - it'll give you an extra $5 down for 1 blackjack play! (But for some reason, EVERYONE who uses this always loses the particular round... Very peculiar indeed)If you sign up to sing for Karaoke, pass the time by playing some of the slot machines near the bar - or you might just miss your name being called!!!!!!5 stars for the Filipino dealer whose name tag says she's from "Mexico" because she taught me the ins and outs and crazy intricacies and complex algorithmic nuances of ... ~*~Blackjack~*~
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2007,1/7/2008,41,153,5,5,5>Five stars for the ladies' room alone. Though I'll admit, an odd juxtaposition--breathtaking view while you're relieving yourself, pants around ankles, TP in hand. Best bar restroom, without a doubt. The rest of it was fine. I was here for a private party, and service, drinks and munchies were top-notch. Vibe was live yet relaxed, perfect lounge feel. Decor is hip and modern, and the roomy balcony is a lovely place to sip a cocktail while viewing Vegas.
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,1/6/2008,292,912,14,6,7>No visit to Vegas is complete for me without playing Bingo with my family members who are locals. They introduced me to this lovely game and although my first time I went reluctantly I am now the Bingo rallier upper who insists we go play each time I'm in town.Bingo is played at Gold Coast, Suncoast and Red Rock every other hour. It costs between $7-$15 for an hour's play. You can play electronically or on paper. I prefer paper games because I enjoy using the ink blotters. Drinks are free and you're competing against senior citizens for the most part so a coronary is always a possibility to add some sizzle to the game : )If you think you know Bingo and if you think it's boring and easy you are WRONG! This game gets stressful and a little complicated as you aim for double bingos, Hardway double bingos, six packs, nine packs and coveralls. Bingo is way more interactive and fun than just sitting at a table and saying "hit me" or pressing "spin" on a machine.I know.... I know.... It's sad.... I'm a Bingo Whore.... There I said it and you know what? I don't care! I'm not ashamed! I want to shout it out over a rooftop for all to hear.... I      LOVE      BINGO!!!
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2007,1/5/2008,113,264,3,5,4>I am a novice when it comes to finding places to eat in Vegas.  I only know of the buffets and even then only 2 real good buffets.  So when it came to choosing a fairly priced lunch spot, my sister and I relied on one of those tourist guides found on hotel info kiosks.  We didn't want to do the usual food court joints so we were happy to read in a booklet... a $$ Frenchy cafe with outdoor seating and a view of the Bellagio fountains.  Yes, that is the one!We were seated quite promptly during peak lunch hour and fairly center for a great outdoor view.  Service was prompt and very attentive.  My Pinot Gris needed a bit more time to chill, but otherwise it was a nice brunchy buzz.  My sis's Bellini seemed to have given her a nice punch too as she got light headed after 2 sips.  ;)  Which called for immediate noshing on our warm baguette and butter.We got the Chicken Liver Mousse Pate w/ red wine mustard.  It came with toasted baguettes, pearl onions, and those baby pickles.  All were great accompaniments to the rich, savory pate.  I really liked that sweet n sour condiments with the livery taste.  My bacon quiche was extremely smooth and cheesy.   The crust was perfectly flaky too.  I cant stand a dense, dried out quiche with some basic ham... this simple dish was definitely prepared with care.  Sis had the shrimp and scallops crepe.  Also delish!  Seafood was not overcooked like it could have easily have been..  The cream sauce was very flavorful and the crepe worked great to soak it all up.  Portions were generous so we were nice and full. Ambiance is great here... sure it isn't the exact feeling of a real French cafe... what with fat tourists with those outrageous 2 feet long Long Island Ice tea drinks walking by staring at us.  But the service here makes a good effort in making you feel at ease so you ignore the noontime drunkards and Celine Dion's "My Heart Will Go On" choreographed to 10 story high water squirts.  So now I know where to dine in Vegas... Wynn Buffet, Bellagio Buffet, Rio Buffet, and here.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2007,1/4/2008,612,577,6,4,3>Ever had Elvis, J Lo, Michael Jackson, Mariah Carey or Prince as your Blackjack dealer?? Well...ya wanna??MAN~! This place rocks like no other~! I know it's ghetto, okay? But I mean the casino...not the rooms. I've seen the rooms, and I would not stay here but in Vegas you will see me in this casino enjoying the awesome Dealertainers. These dealers/entertainers are really talented. Everyone lets loose in this casino. Everyone is having a good time. Dancing and singing along to old school songs. It's worth checking out just for the entertainment.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2007,1/3/2008,139,197,4,9,6>God DAMN!  This place IS heaven on earth.I thought Santana Row Burke Williams was the Creme de la Creme... until I came here!  and now I have forever ruined my Burke love affair.  Qua is like a billion times better/cleaner/bigger than Burke.   I LOVED LOVED the facilities here.    The massage - not so much.- The hot cedar sauna was actually bearable and smelled so nice.  I actually had room to lie down and read a magazine!- The steam room - HUGE.  CLEAN (burke seriously needs some Tilex bleach).  And the eucalyptus scent makes it totally easy to breathe in, where you pretty much suffocate at Burke if you don't have a cold towel over your mouth.- The artic/cold sauna - what an excellent idea!!! never saw one before coming to Qua, but I can totally see the benefits of it.  Sit in it right after the hot sauna or steam room and your skin feels silky smooth.  By the way... I think it's bubbles raining from the ceiling... not snow!  - I spent most of my time at the mineral water roman baths.  I didn't even feel the need to go to the (chlorine!) jacuzzi.   Sit by the raining waterfall so that it rains on your back!!!  It was a better massage than the one given by the massuse.- And the heated lounge chairs by the baths and in the laconium!!!  I am so installing these in my next house.Huge, totally spotless, and *almost* worth flying out there just to go check it out again.Oh but I must say, I absolutely HATED my massage here.  I was pretty disappointed that I spent so much on such a bad massage.  It did not even compare to my Trish who performs miracles at San Jose's Santana Burke Williams.  Plus the mood in the massage rooms wasn't well thought out.  They leave the lights on... Burke dims them so you feel totally relaxed and not like you're in a doctor's room being examined.   Plus Burke uses a warming table, a leg rest, and heavy, heavy blankets.  Nonetheless, I left the massage room and still managed to soak away my bitterness in the tubs.  So come here for the day pass!Sigh... Qua has ruined me forever now.  I'm gonna have to fly to Vegas next time I am stressed out from work instead of just driving to Santana Row.  :(
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2007,1/2/2008,383,404,6,6,5>Every now and then a girl has to treat herself.   A nice new pair of shoes, some pretty undies, a decadent spa treatment, etc....these are all things a lady will do for herself sometimes.  Yesterday I decided my treat was to get some crabs.Ok, Ok, get your mind out of the gutter, even if I am in "Sin City"  you know that is not where I am going with this. Joe's has a dark wood interior with a large patio and all the servers in their crisp black and whites, I felt a little underdressed in my no-makeup-tennis-shoe look.  This was not to stop me, however from getting my crabs.For those that don't know, stone crab is only really in season for three months and usually comes from the Gulf in Florida.  It's a rare treat, these little claws of perfection, so you have to get them while the getting is good. I sat down and the server immediately came over. She was pleasant and helped me find an excellent medium bodied glass of white wine to complement my seafood. Throughout my whole meal she was attentive, polite, and personable.   I chose an appetizer for my lunch, but this was no mere starter - this was the "2nd Mortgage".  A stone crab claw, a jumbo shrimp, a small lobster tail and a small portion of shrimp/scallop cerviche, all chilled with cocktail and mustard sauces for dipping.  This was a dish to relish so I took my time. All the seafood was cooked and chilled to perfection with that just caught fresh taste. I really wish I had just gotten a plate of the stone crab because that one claw was so good I am already having major cravings for more.All in all a perfect dining experience - a girl has to treat herself and to borrow from a certain ad campanign - "I'm worth it"
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,1/1/2008,161,200,8,5,6>I'm really teetering between 3.5 and 4 stars.So, my fiance's mom & aunt are gamblers. Atlantic City gamblers. Yep, they're serious. And they've got these "diamond club" cards that get them free shit in all of the Harrah's hotels. This equals sweetness for all of us. We got FREE rooms (in the newly remodeled side), FREE drinks, front of the line service for cabs & restaurants in the Flamingo, etc. The hotel itself is oldy Mc oldster...but that's kind of cool. Knowing the old skool gangsters used to roam the floors here is nifty.....BUT because it's old, the ventilation sucks balls. My eyes were so red that it looked like I'd smoked enough weed to put Bob Marley to shame. Really gross. The rooms, however, seemed to be smoke-free. They were clean, newly remodeled & had large flat panel TVs. My beef with the TVs was this: you turn them on and they would reset the volume level to oh, I dunno, level 4,000!! SO FUCKING LOUD & ridiculous. Don't they normally set them to be lower in volume? Whatever....the decor in the room looked like a futuristic Baskin Robbins. I know it's the Flamingo and you're gonna see fucking PINK everywhere you look, that's fine. But did they need to put white vinyl headboards in the room? Why vinyl?? I suppose it's easier to clean jizz off......eeeeeeew HAHA. Ok, back to the rest of the room. The beds were very comfy, there was ample hanging & drawer space, an iPod hookup & the bathroom was spacious and had separate bath & shower. If you can get past the Flamingo pink everywhere, you might like it.I will say this: I had some of my best luck gambling at the Flamingo. I rode my $20 for TWO days there....playing my Wheel of Fortune spinner game. Yeah, that's how I roll. Big time.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2007,12/31/2007,299,1732,1,9,8>Somehow this restaurant escaped me during my travels to Vegas.  Maybe it was because it was an in-betweener: in b/t casual and super fancy.  As you know, I'm all about the high and low.We stopped by for an early dinner before our flight out.  The decor is light maple wood along with stainless steel and loads of granite.  Very modern, yet organic at the same time.  Location was odd, by the Bellagio hotel elevators and bypassing the spa and conservatory area.  Just out of place.  Placement is key and Sensi is like a fish out of water.  The energy in the restaurant was not like the hip trendy ones, but definitely more along the lines of business casual.  Sensi translates to the 'senses' in Italian.  It's a fusion of Southeast Asian, American, Japanese and Italian flavors.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  The menu is vast ranging from pizzas to sushi to pasta.  We decided to do family style and mostly appetizers:Wine ain't cheap here.Pinot Grigio $12Reisling $18Kobe Carpaccio $19 Slices of thin meat wrapped around a potato croquette and generous shavings of parmesan.  Loved the textures and flavors.  Nice change from the traditional version paired with toast.Lobster Rolls $20Presented in a block of ice and stuffed with fresh crab and lobster.  Slightly spicy and delicious! Tataki & Tartar $20 Tuna in disguised three ways: tartar, tataki, and spicy.Angry Scallops $198 pieces of raw scallops trembling ever so slightly before us.  Malaysian Satay $15The only disappointment.  Generous portions, but just a little too much cumin and the meat reminded me of ground meat slapped on a stick.  Chocolate Temptation $10Cake with fudge on the inside, a milkshake with a chocolate straw and ice cream.  Tiny, scrumptious and delightful.  You know what I hate about most Asian fusions??!?!  No FREE bread, yeah, yeah it's ASIAN, throw me some free ANYTHING: a bowl of rice, edamame.  Sensi has fabulous CRUSTY bread served WARM.  Heaven!!!  Four different dips for the bread, along with butter and soft cheese.  Sensory overload.  I love options and variety.  Come here for solid food that may just shock your eyes and tingle your taste buds.  Check out the pics I UL'd to entice your SENSE of sight.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2007,12/29/2007,413,1464,8,6,8>Gorgeous Euro Trash uber pretentious and sleek interior - It's a bit like walking into "the future" as imagined in the 1960s (Suzanne B is right on with the Austin Powers reference ).I loved wandering around and exploring the wines, although they weren't all that easy to navigate if you were looking for something specific.  It seems like the "off limits" area where the spendy bottles live should be a little more well lit, but I know how wines like the dark.  In any case, it was fairly empty when I was there.  The staff said hi to me as I was on my way out, but not much else.  There were a few drunken "Gamma Delta Epsilon Goes to Vegas 2007" type folks bellowing around one end of the wine bar and not much else action.  I decided to sample their wares on my next trip.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,12/28/2007,540,357,,7,4>From the marketing literature.....Acclaimed Chef Michael Mina breaks new ground with the debut of STRIPSTEAK at Mandalay Bay, his first steakhouse. With its classic menu, inviting bar scene and sophisticated atmosphere, STRIPSTEAK plays host to guests looking for the perfect filet in a modern alternative to the traditional steakhouse setting. As with Mina's other restaurants, STRIPSTEAK uses only the highest quality ingredients - corn-fed, all-natural meat; line-caught seafood and fresh, seasonal produce. While first-rate components are essential, it is Mina's creative approach to cooking that has made his name.STRIPSTEAK features a menu rife with imaginative interpretations of classic steakhouse favorites using state-of-the-art kitchen equipment. STRIPSTEAK offers three kinds of beef, Certified Angus Beef, American Kobe and 'A5' Japanese Kobe, and is home to two wood-burning grills and six circulating, slow-poaching chambers. The signature slow-poaching method enhances flavor and tenderness by heating the meat for several hours at a low temperature, while the mesquite-stoked grills infuse every cut with a subtle smokiness.***With that said, this place is devilishly good.  The modern decor coupled with a menu that will send your taste buds dancing earns this place the coveted 5th star.  While enjoying my meal, my friends, and the talent on display in walks....da da dum Andre Agassi.  Wow!He was very lively, his presence filled the room.  He was engaging with the many guests requesting pics.  I was too befuddled to reach for my camera.  Don't ask me why something about being so close to a multiple Grand Slam Champion.  Turns out he is a part owner in this latest iteration of Michael Minna's restaurants.  Go, enjoy and keep your eyes peeled you never know who you might catch a glimpse of.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2007,12/27/2007,1362,984,,9,8>Reading about Terra Jole and her role as Mini-Britney in the Las Vegas Weekly, I was definitely curious to see her act live.  I was lucky to catch an unscheduled 7 pm show last night at Krave's Harmon Theatre.  (Their usual show starts at 5 pm, with a 4:15 pm happy hour to kick things off.)  Little Legends features little people impersonating some big stars.  The host of the show, whose a comedian and magician, keeps the audience laughing and engaged in between acts.Terra Jole has all the moves and costumes of Britney Spears and Madonna, but it's her strong voice that carries through when she sings Alanis Morissette and Cher.  (The headset she wears for Britney and Madonna just doesn't carry her voice that well.)  I would have loved to hear more songs that really showed off her vocal talent.Also performing were two brothers (not twins) that can dance like no other in their Michael Jackson and Milli Vanilli performances.  There were also two other performers, one playing the drums in the earlier set of the show and then another guy playing the role of Sonny later on.  However, I feel like I got the short end of the stick.  I thought there was going to be a mini-Tina Turner and a mini-Elvis Presley!  Was my 7 pm show an afterthought, so I didn't get the true full performance?Nonetheless, the show is pretty entertaining and relies heavily and on audience participation.  With drinks being 2 for 1, it definitely helps when the audience is rowdy and engaging.  I hope that their full show does include Elvis and Tina.  Otherwise Terra can do the whole show herself with the guys working as backup dancers for her the whole time.    Overall rating: 3.5Try to catch this show on a busier night so the audience gets loud!
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2007,12/26/2007,207,336,6,7,6>This club has a reputation for being the best night club in the country.  I'll give them that they are pretty good.If there is anything I can't stand, it's disorganization.  The line to this place is complete chaos.  It's a good thing I didn't have to wait in it long.  It's good to know baseball players.  Also, the bouncers have huge sticks up their asses--moreso than any of the other clubs.  But I can see why they'd need to.This club was also pretty dude heavy.  I'm not complaining because it ups my chances of getting to hang out in VIP, but it also ups my chances of getting hit on by some seriously skeezy dudes.  Usually these clubs want lots of ladies, but this place had bachelors everywhere.  Seriously.  Overall, fun nightclub, lots of little rooms and an outdoor area.  Also really fun dance music.  The djs in Vegas are way better than SF djs.  Good times overall, but it didn't quite live up to it's hype.Celebrity sighting--I also saw Dave Navarro.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2007,12/25/2007,370,482,3,3,9>Minus one star for being off the Strip, but other than that, five stars for the casino (we didn't stay here).  We went to the Body English club to see Metal Skool and then got a bite to eat at the 24-hour cafe next to the casino (the cafe had friendly, fast service and the food wasn't half bad).I liked the feel of the casino itself, and the fact that it had rock 'n' roll memorabilia without being obnoxious like a Hard Rock Cafe restaurant.  The casino is pretty small -- you can't get lost in here like you can other Vegas casinos -- but felt comfortable, not cramped.And here's the kicker: We were just walking around the casino and stopped to watch a roulette table for a couple minutes when I saw this guy who looked like "Bobby Bacalieri" from "The Sopranos" but I assumed it was just some bozo from Missouri or something.  But then my boyfriend was like, "I think that IS him."  So that was sweet (it was him).  He gave us a friendly nod and seemed to be having fun playing roulette (though he was no high roller, let me tell you).  And he was totally nice about taking a picture with us (check it out).If the Hard Rock is good enough for Bobby "Baccala," then it is good enough for me.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,12/24/2007,139,86,2,2,2>FAQQ: You liar you didn't even stay at this hotel!A: Hey, with every finger pointed at me. There are four pointed at you (unless you're a Simpsons character).Q: So, why the 5-Stars Mister I-Never-Stayed-Here?A: Two words: Snackus Maximus.I know a couple of friends who got upgraded to a suite here and since they were staying at the hotel anyway, the whole lot of us had no shame in going to the pool.The pool is INCREDIBLE. Booze stands everywhere, a cool crisp pool, awesome architecture, and $500.00 cabanas (yes, i asked. no, i didn't get one. do i look like i'm made of money? jeez).Also, I just like saying 'Snackus Maximus.' I was really hoping they'd have calamari here, but alas, they did not.Q: Elton John or Celine Dion?A: Sir Elton, of course. Duh.FYI ... I failed Latin in college, but if you get this joke/pun, you are amazing: Videsne Poker? Video Poker. (ha!)FYI 2 ... When you start coming up with Vegas-related jokes in Latin, seriously start thinking about which one of your friends put the LSD in your drink.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,12/22/2007,223,709,18,10,11>You haven't done Vegas right until you've grabbed Johnny Depp's wax ass.  Madame Tussauds is a damn good time.  Where else can you pose with Hugh and his girlfriends on his bed, get up close and personal with Elvis, marry George Clooney and work the pole with Britney?And to top it off, you can bring a drink in with you- as long as it has a lid.  A 'lid' in my case was a napkin...Nothing was going to deter me from bringing my cocktail along.  NOTHING!There are tons of lifelike wax figures to pose with in Madame Tussauds and some of them look so real it's almost scary.  There even is a spooky part to the museum where you don't know if the figures are real or wax until a few of them come to life! Creepy!
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,12/21/2007,269,587,1,6,3>Wow, like anyone and everyone should/would/could agree...who would think that such a great steakhouse would be in Circus Circus of all places.  Yes like sleepy t. wrote, don't let the location deceive you...this is definitely a 5 star steak house right up there with the top of all Prime steakhouses yet it is in Circus Circus.  This works to your adv. and disadv. Adv - It's kind've like that secret gold mine no one knows about, not full of really annoying people, and much easier to get reservations and better prices. DIsadv - Hard to convince a group to come there and/or tell people about the place without getting weird looks.   But if you've been to the circus circus steakhouse..you'll know straight up it's no joke. The 21 day aged PRIME steak is delicious, and priced very fair. In fact a bargain compared to places like SW steakhouse at the Wynn. When it comes to PRIME steak not many places differ, they all grill to perfection, and add salt and pepper. Really the only way they differ is...atmosphere, price, service, wine list, and sides.  The atmosphere at The Steakhouse is very comfortable, elegant and ritzy (unlike the family-oriented casino), the price is top-notch for a PRIME steak house (but of course not dirt cheap by any means), the service was great, and the sides...well they weren't the best i've had, but they had all the basics down to accompany a steak properly. ANd lastly the Wine List what of an appropriate size and price to accompany great PRIME steaks as well.  I am sad to hear that Circus Circus may be torn down in the future, I mean there needs to be some aspect of family left in Vegas. But mostly because the hidden jewel that is THE STEAKHOUSE at circus circus would go down with  it. In regards to overall value for what you get regarding Steakhouse in Vegas...you can't beat the Steakhouse at Circus Circus...otherwise you're just another goon..who believes the only way to get a good steak is paying $100 for a 12 ounce steak...and in that case you're not a real meat eater and do not deserve to eat PRIME.~G
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2007,12/20/2007,0,0,3,4,2>Guten Tag!For my friend's bachelor party weekend, we were figuring out which buffet to hit up for lunch, but I suggested we go here instead.  None of us really knew what to expect, but we were pleasantly surprised.We started off with some of their pretzels, which were just downright amazing.  They come with a cheese dip, mustard, and an apple dipping sauce, which were all delicious.  The beer here comes from the original Hofbrauhaus in Germany.  There's a lager, a dark, and a hef.  I had the dark and the hef, and both were tasty.  I wanted to try all three, but I didn't want to get plastered at 3 in the afternoon, although the rest of the patrons were plastered.  I ordered a couple of sausages, one veal (yeah, I'm politically incorrect) and one pork.  Also amazing.The best part was the entertainment.  Two guys.  One guy had the energy of 5 toddlers and the other one was a big guy who could whistle and play the tuba like a crazy mofo.  The high energy guy played a billion different instruments, busting out with Edelweiss and other typical beer hall mainstays.  He also played that Lit song from 10 years ago about the car being in the front yard on his saxophone.  That was odd.  He also led the chicken dance and a stein holding contest.There was only one bad part.  Energy guy was going around the hall, rocking it on the alpenhorn (think Ricola).  He goes to one table, and this old guy gets up out of his wheelchair, stands up, and gives the Nazi salute.  The whole place went silent.  It really killed the mood.  Luckily the energy guy was able to get the crowd going again by playing the Star Wars theme on the alpenhorn.  Awesome.Also fun, one of my friends had too much to drink and didn't want to leave.  When we left, we stopped at the CVS across the street and my friend bought a Guinness and downed it in the parking lot.  Dumbass.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,12/19/2007,241,239,15,14,13>My fairy godmother always seems to know what makes me happy. This time she generously treated me to a spa treatment. Wait, maybe she's not my fairy godmother but rather my sugar momma...? Anyhoo, I think she stumbled upon the Las Vegas Deal of the Day. Okay, the Volcanic Dust body mask is by no means cheap, but look at it this way - for $120 you get 50 minutes of sheer relaxation where your entire body is exfoliated with a mild mud scrub by some gentle hands, you are wrapped in a warm towel cocoon and allowed a 15 minute power nap, you are rinsed off in a shower with 5 *strategically placed* shower heads dispensing 95 degree water, and the treatment is capped off with those same gentle hands slathering your entire body with deliciously scented lotion.The $120 also includes total access to the 4 hot tubs, the sauna, the steam room, and fitness center. Not to mention all you can drink lemon infused spa water, bottled spring water, canned fruit juices, mini muffins, apples, oranges, bananas, and mixed nuts - all of which can be snuck out in your beach bag and bartered at the pool for sun block, magazines, and maybe a free drink from your appreciative neighboring sunbathers.Hurray for Spa Mandalay and for fairy sugar mommas!
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2007,12/18/2007,854,542,3,4,4>Guest1:  (in English) So, um, are you serving oxtail soup tonight?Waiter: (in heavy pidgin) S'afta eeleven?  Sure t'ing, cous.  You wan get?Guest2:  (in English)  Great!  I'll have the oxtail soup...!Guest3: (in English)  Yeah, me too!  Oxtail soup...!Guest4: (in English)... oxtail soup...Guest1: (all of sudden in pidgin)  Oh, I like get da oxtail soup den... plus one saimin... en da portugee sausage en eggs to go, yeah?... everyone stares, including the waiter.... then laughter... aloha loa!Its such an oddity to find, but a welcome comfort to know that this place (and the California Hotel) is just a short ride over from the Strip, in case one gets tired of mega-fusion-hybrid cuisine.The restaurant and amenities themselves are run-of-the-mill Old Downtown Vegas... vinyl, faux-brass, fake dark-lacquered-wood tables, awful carpeting, etcetera etcetera.  But spacious for the most part, and accommodating to bigger groups... we ended up having a party of 8, though I saw a few parties in the restaurant numbering in the dozens.The service is top notch here!  From the smiling older Japanese auntie who greeted-and-seated us, to the young howsit-brah who served us, to the big-as-a-house but cheery and laid-back Polynesian securing the front... it was very homey and unpretentious...The food is decent, for diner renditions of generally home-cooked Hawaiian-Asian fare.  The oxtail soup is plentiful with meat, tender from cooking all day long in the fairly flavorful broth.  I personally expected/would have liked a slightly tangier broth.  The Portuguese Sausage and Eggs over rice looked delicious in its simplicity; a breakfast plate that brings me back to my youth.  The saimin came out steaming hot and all I could think about was standing outside on an early early morning in front of a Zippy's shack on Oahu... mmm fishcake!I'll be going back, for sure...
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,12/17/2007,409,600,9,5,7>why didn't anyone tell me how good vodka tonic was?  thanks to caroline y, i am in love with this now.  since none of you were nice enough to share the secret, i wasn't going to write a review about my new discovery, but me being an angel (and they are rare in vegas!!!), i decided to play nice.kimchi serves pretty decent korean food for 24 hours...heavenly for those who need to seal their debauchery nights with some spicy food or wake their drunk ass bodies with hot soup.  i think the staff is used to these kinds of people because their service was wickedly fast and pleasant.  the price is about $2-3 more expensive, but the portion is HUGE.  even i couldn't finish my food.p.s. - don't tell me i am a late bloomer!!!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/3/2007,12/16/2007,117,178,3,4,1>Went here last weekend for dinner, we went for the wife's bday. We'd be planning a trip to the French Laundry but got denied to due the size of our party. So we came here so we could try out a Thomas Keller restaurant. I reserved our seating through Open Table with a note that it was my wife's birthday and it would be appreciated if someone gave her a birthday greeting. So our reservations were at 8pm, we arrived and we're seated early, we elected to sit outside, it was a bit hot even though it was evening, but as the night went on it cooled down noticeably. There was a wedding going on too so there was playing in the background which was cool. Although I never in my life would've been able to for see hearing Akon, Game and Two Live Crew as we dined haha. So after we were seated the waiter (young pinoy guys) wished the wife a Happy Birthday, went on about the soup of the day and entree' of the evening, but he failed to give us his name. He forgot a few things that night, but he was entertaining enough with his weird antics. (Jumping in peoples photos, making weird jokes and him forgetting my mac and cheese...wait that wasn't funny.)Okay onto the food, we ordered the following:Fromage (Cheese) Tasting portions, $15.25- Pt. Reyes Cheese Co. Blue - Tasted like that Kraft cheese in the blue can...you other Filipinos will know what I mean, but it was still good. Can't fade that canned cheese taste.- Abbaye de Belloc - Eh? This was okay.- Cypress Grove Mad River Roll - This was our favorite, mix  with honey and put in on an apple slice...yum!- Sliced apples and honeycombCame with bread two kinds of bread, I didn't care for either the cheese was good on it's own or with the apples and honey, but the bread eh...OH that reminds me the bread and butter they served was bomb, if you can manage to sneak the butter dish with the butter, into your dates purse you should do it. Crazy good butter....Macaroni au Gratin, $5.75 - After enjoying Alexander's mac and cheese I wanted to see a real French chef's version. Couldn't wait for this to come out.....it never did. The waiter whose name we never knew owned up to messing up on this though, rather than pawn it off on someone else, so he was forgiven. Plus I was too full to eat it anyways.Next up we got our main entree, which was:Steak Frites, $34.50, a pan-seared prime flatiron served with maitre d hotel butter and french fries. - This was okay I guess. I ordered mine medium rare and it came out that way. My wife got medium but for the most part it was well doen except for a small bit in the center. The fries were pretty good, but I prefer the ones you'd find at a W Hotel or Citrus at the Valencia.After a while dessert comes and damn since the guy, whose name I don't know but was serving us food, messed up our mac and cheese delight he made up for it in the dessert hook up. He said that birthdays normally get 1 of 3 selections, but since he forgot one of our orders we got 3 of the 3!!!!Okay dessert time, $0.00, FREE!!!! Prices are just there FYI.Beignet, not on menu no price - Doughnut type pastry w/ jam inside plus Vanilla ice cream & Chocolate SauceCreme Glacee/ Sorbet de Fruits, $5.50 Ice cream/ sorbetMolten chocolate cakes, not on menu no price - 3 costco brownie bite sized cakes with different types of chocolate inside. Vanilla and chocolate ice cream on the side.The whole meal was kinda disappointing except for the desserts, with Thomas Keller putting his name on this place I figured it'd be a dining experience to match up to Alexanders...but it didn't. Even though our waiter did a decent job of service and hooked it up for dessert, the lack of introduction, forgetting to tell us about a skirt steak special and forgetting my mac and cheese just made the night not as enjoyable as I'd wanted it to be. Oh and the girl sitting near us wearing the dress that made her look naked as it got darker was tight too. Hell I'm gonna add a star just for her.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2007,12/15/2007,355,431,2,2,3>Two words:Cinnamon Bagels.Not the soft kind.Not the toasted kind.Not even slathered in a centimeter-thick layer of cream cheese kind.These are crispy, thinly-sliced, cinnamon-sugary bagel chips. They're yummy, and Vegas 808 is probably the only place in the world you can get them. DAMN I wish my camera were working to be able to post a picture of them right now!Proof that these bagels are bomb: I brought a 10-inch tall cylinder container of them to work on Monday and today, all that's left on the bottom are crumbs.It's Wednesday.$10 a canister. Vegas 808 is located in the heart of the California Hotel, aka Little Honolulu in the city of sin. Also available in Blueberry :)
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,12/14/2007,694,567,5,6,5>I would rate this as close as Bellagio and Caesars. It might be a half more point for a popular club called Tao and the outdoor gondola and shops. I like the David and Goliath store they have. I made my friend Jim stand next to Mark. I pulled out the shirt that says "He's GAY" with an arrow pointing to the right and put in on him and the girls at the place laugh. It was just or almost as funny as  Eric W putting on the pajamas in Target. Overall, lots of nice things to see here. I played some slot machines and won a few bucks. The weekend goal was to gamble at every casino on the strip and have at least one drink.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,12/13/2007,198,223,2,4,6>we love rosemary's!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!it's a local favorite for all of the right reasons.great service.great food.great price.the prix fix menu is well worth the $50.our faves are:Hugo's Texas BBQ ShrimpBeef & Maytag Blue Cheese CarpaccioSalmon TartarSmoked Duck Breast SaladGrilled Pork ChopHalibut LinquistGrilled Veal TenderloinGrilled Prime Flat Iron SteakCrispy Skin Striped BassMaytag Blue Cheese Glazed New York Stripthat's almost everything on the menu!LOL!we've been there several times.also, the creme brulee is quite good.for you locals out there, you can purchase rosemary's gift certificates at costco - $100 worth for $79.99.what a steal!!!makes a great gift!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,12/12/2007,239,235,1,3,4>Luckily, I have a friend who used to work here so I never have to wait in line when we go here.  But, it's true, no one should ever want to stand in a long line for any club.  It's a waste of good make up, and a waste of energy standing before you get on the dance floor.  It is dress to impress so like any club, you gotta look good if you want anyone to notice you.  As soon as we were let in through the ropes, we were led in an elevator to be taken upstairs.  As soon as the doors opened, there in front of you lies a bar waiting for sobers to get tanked.Our table was off to the right side of the club.  From there we can see the dance floor and people having the time of their life while they're drunk.  It's funny though, they probably won't remember a thing the next day at the rate some of these people were drinking.  I just love the fact the VIP tables are so close to the dance floor that you can still be around the crowd.  The dance floor is great, for some reason I still find room to move my body in motion with the music.  When you look up, you could see the sky twinkling with the stars.  Such a great sight to see.  That's my favorite part of the club until some drunk decides to bump in to you because he could barely keep his eyes open.So, we decide to go outside for some fresh air.  There you could see a spectacular view and the air feels great after being inside where it's hot and sticky.  The chairs are comfortable and great for when your feet hurt from dancing on high heels.  After a few minutes, we decide to go to the bar even though we already have drinks waiting for us at the table.  The service was quick.  We got served immediately after we get to the bar.  Also, the other employees who clean up the floors from spillage, bar backs, and security are all awesome.  They're not shy to dance with you and are so super friendly.  But don't let their kindness fool you.  I've seen them in action and take a guy down to kick him out of the club.Now, if you're bored and want to do some gambling, you can just take an escalator ride to the Playboy Club and win a few hundred dollars or lose a few.  But that's another story in itself.  I'll end it with this.  Make sure you look cute, have enough money to cover for your drinks and food for after you get wasted so you can sober up.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,12/11/2007,129,98,2,8,5>A really nice foot massage spa.  Herbal foot baths...  New and I know that right now they have those voucher cards so if you go 10 times you get one free.Right now, it is $25.00 for 30 mins and $28.00 for 45 mins of reflexology treatment!They just opened so it is very new and everything is very clean.  I like the wooden tubs they use for the foot soaks.Very nice.  You should check it out if you can :)
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/25/2007,12/10/2007,1000,710,7,5,2>Best part of this place, the patio that overlooks the strip. You can get your drunk on, yes, drunk on, and wave to the ladies, gentlemen, and others walking/driving up and down the strip. The food, was Meh. It was like a step lower than Denny's. We ordered some shrimp (cold dish) and for some reason, we thought it was going to be hot? The drinks are better, but food, ugh. I'd rather hit up a buffet. This is more of the place to buy the drinks then to come for the food. Our waitress also managed to lose my friend's debt card for 20 minutes. Oh, the evening we went, the men's Hooters team was here? WTF? I didn't know they existed.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2007,12/9/2007,344,808,,6,4>Really lovely restaurant with a gorgeous view of the fountains and original Picasso paintings decorating the opulent dining room.   Beautiful floral arrangements, excellent service, wonderful food and a fabulous selection of single malt Scotch.  What's not to love? I chose the three course with wine pairings and had...Poached Oysters, garnished with Osetra Caviar, Sauce Vermouth--this was one of the most spectacular things I've ever tasted.   Creamy and sweet, with the slightly salty crunch of caviar.  Amazing.  Paired with a French white (Chardonnay/Chablis)Ragout of Seasonal Vegetables with Fresh Foie Gras and Jus de Poularde--perfectly cooked crisp-tender bits of fresh tricolor beets, brussels sprout and other winter vegetables tossed with slices of seared foie.  Earthy and wonderful.  Paired with a light, floral Alsatian Gewurtz.Milk Fed Veal Chop with Rosemary Potatoes ...   --juicy and tender, very delicate in flavor.  I could not even come close to finishing it all.    did finish the wine though... a Domaine Serene Pinot ...04 I beleive.  Oregon Pinot is always a weakness. Dessert was a blueberry and lemon concotion featuring sorbet, mousse and a sort of ... deconstructed tart with paper thin crisp pastry cookies and not quite a lemon curd...thicker and richer.    It was really beautiful and light.  Again, I couldn't finish it all but it was delicious.My dining companions dish of aged lamb was also a standout.  I was very curious about that and it was quite good.  Not at all gamey, just tender and rich.   I would urge anyone to try it.  I've not eaten everywhere in Vegas, but comparing it to the top notch places I've dined elsewhere... this has to be one of the best in the city.   I will definitely return.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2007,12/8/2007,471,196,5,5,3>I was in the mood for a little of the old IN N' Out.Since that wasn't happenin I went to this place for some west coast burgers.HOLY CRAP  my friends. We are getting screwd by our east coast fast food purveyors.This is a real burger. It was delicious and piled high with onion, lettuce, tomato, sauce. and drum roll puleeeez:The people who worked there a.) provided excellent customer serviceb.) got the order right.(wow) and 3.) spoke ENGLISH.This was like a throwback to the fifties. I loved it.ps. I saw Elvis there.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2007,12/7/2007,75,0,5,2,4>I'm ashamed to admit that I have spent a good deal of time at this bar shaped like a boat in the casino area of Caesars Palace. And if I was really drunk I might tell you that I won a bootie shaking contest on this very boat. Yep.You see, I stay at Caesar's now and again for work and it seems that no matter what other kind of plan's we make, my co-workers and I always end up at this damn boat that is reminiscent of  a dimly lit pirate ride at Disney. Maybe it's the pretension of a lot of the other bars in Caesar's. Maybe it's the band that plays at night who are actually quite good. Maybe it's that we have had a few drinks and suddenly it seems like it would be really fun to dance to Chaka Khan's I Feel For You sung live. I'll blame it on tequila.We usually sit in a little dark cocktail area next to the little bridge that leads to the boat where the dance floor and band is. Yes, a bridge. Over water. And in fact, the boat rocks. Literally. The band actually rocks too. A bunch of old timers who play a really good wedding reception music set. But how they got away with building a rocking boat dance floor, I have no idea. I always look down to the fake "ocean" below the bridge and imagine some drunken bastard falling in.Anyhow, so my friends and I tend to go back and forth from dance floor to to cocktail table through out the night. At some point we were dancing to Brick House and the band announced they were going to have a bootie shaking contest. Women one by one came up and starting doing bootie dances. White women. Black women. Young women. Fifty something women. And almost every single one of them did that gross MTV booty dance where you kind of put your hands  on your thighs, squat down and grind back and forth. Ewww. EWWWWWWWW! I started to laugh to my friends that I could totally win that contest when suddenly they pushed me up on stage. Noooooooooooooo! They threw me up with another woman who didn't do the bootie dance but just couldn't really dance at all. I however simply turned around and displayed one of my best dancing assets. I simply did the tiniest little step with my feet while gently twisting my torso and then proceeded to jiggle my hips triple time. Not in a gross stripper way. But more in the style of a Latin dancer. If there ever was a classy ass shake, this is the way to do it. The band gave me a look of approval and needless to say, I won.Did I just admit that? I need to lay off the leftover Thanksgiving wine.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2007,12/6/2007,573,456,12,5,10>okay, don't ask me why...but i find the mind freak verrry attractive!maybe i'm into greek/mediterranean guys? maybe i like guys who wear eyeliner? maybe i like guys who can throw cards at windows and have them stick to the other side of the glass? maybe i like guys who will look hot in my clothing? maybe i'm into guys with mind boggling powers -- haha, no.whatever it may be, i think he's packin some other kinda magic!  raWWWr!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/19/2007,12/5/2007,147,6,29,4,3>Big, sweaty, beefy dudes from all over eastern Europe. Athletic, sexy, flexible and half naked women crawling on top of everything. Acrobatics. Water Stunts. A blur of bodies grinding and groping each other. A two hour thrill ride of sexual intensity I won't soon forget.When it was over... i toweled off and took a shower. Then I left my condo to check out "Le Reve" at the Wynn. Not really a big deal.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,12/3/2007,508,259,2,3,4>Itadakimasu! It's exactly how you feel when you walk into this quaint little place above Tea Planet. Yes....you would never know it was here except for the sounds of fun and mmm mmm smells of Japanese goodness. Ichiza is definitely a jewel  hidden in Vegas. There's nothing more authentic than Ichiza. I just like saying it...Ichiza Ichiza Ichiza.I have taken and introduced people to this place and they have all agreed how fun it is. Not your typical, "yea dude let me get a California Roll" or your run of the mill Chicken Teriyaki. That's not Japanese. We're looking at Mmm mmm broiled squid, and Katsu, real Ramen Noodles - Mmmm tampopo! Kirin Ichiban on draft! I love the Veggie tempura bowls where there's just a nest of veggies over rice with real teriyaki sauce. How can you go wrong? YEA! You won't find your typical teppanyaki chef there making onion volcanos.  Sure there's things here that white people may cringe upon like the gizzard skewers...or even beef tongue....Sweet fried garlic with Natto(a fermented soybean).....The service is a little slow. I figure it's because the place is usually really busy. I like having a place to go to in the middle of the night that can make me feel all warm and fuzzy....and that's not from the Kirin.  If you have enough room. You gotta try the honey toast. It takes some time so order it when you're halfway finished. It's Japanese Toast (like half a loaf of bread) partially hollowed out with butter....honey....and vanilla ice cream. Simple, delicious....and to the point. I definitely enjoy the Ramen, jalepeno fried rice - yakitori - and the grilled squid...Oooo and grilled makerel, black cod in miso....so much to choose from!This place can fit anyone's budget. The ambiance is traditional japanese, with pictures and specials on the walls, there's a group area that you can sit, but you gotta take your shoes off. The bar is great because you can watch them cook in the kitchen. Overall - a must go place.If you're a regular here - Get your Ichiza stamp card for a discount.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,12/2/2007,111,41,1,2,3>This place is definitely one of the best local favorites in Vegas.  No longer a secret, be sure to make reservations or show up 2 hours before you expect to sit and eat.  Usually I think tapas places are a rip off, but this place had delicious items for decent prices.  AND the service was great too.  I made reservations for a group of about 12, was able to push the reservation later on that same day, and my friends were seated 15 minutes early.  Even though the place was semi-crowded, we werent waiting forever for our drinks or food.highlights of the menu:crispy duck rolls, bacon-wrapped dates, ahi tuna skewers, and pretty much everything else.major plus for affordable pitchers of mojitos and sangrias.  DEFINITLEY a MUST DO whenever you are in VEGAS.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,11/30/2007,636,642,2,2,4>We really liked this lounge found in the MGM.  It's decor is extremely modern/chic, but it wasn't packed or anything.  There were tables available and they had very good martinis (lychee!) and a pretty decent wine list.We kept saying how we wished there was a place like this in LA but that would never happen.  If it were in LA it'd probably be packed and I'd "probably be having some girl's martini spilled on me by now".
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2007,11/28/2007,93,316,1,5,3>I'm a vegetarian at a steakhouse, enough said right?  N9NE was amazing! I ordered the Fig Salad (off the specials menu), the white truffle cream gnocchi, and the smore dessert.  Everything was great...in fact my gnocchi was the hit of the table - I could literally eat a whole bucket full.  And the wine list was amazing as well. So why the 4 stars?  I felt like I was eating at a club, turn the damn music down. Thanks.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2007,11/27/2007,3,23,1,3,2>I think folks are being a little hard on the Tropicana.  Sure, it isn't a mega-resort.  Sure, it is a little old.  Sure, they still have machines that accept and pay in quarters.  But that is all part of its charm.  A little old-style Vegas on the strip.We booked through one of those horrid time share companies, so the room was free.  They booked us first at Hooters, but after reading bad reviews on several Web sites, I asked them to switch us to the Tropicana.  I have never stayed on this part of the strip before, but we were up for an adventure, and it was free!You have three options at the Trop, oldest to newest (I think): 1) Garden Rooms, which are right off the casino floor in various directions, 2) Island Tower, where you have to go upstairs and across the pool area (long walk) to even get to the elevators, and 3) Paradise Tower, where the elevators are right in front of the casino.  We upgraded to the Paradise Tower for $20/night.  I was a little worried after reading some trip reports, but our room was fine.  It was pretty old, but it was clean and comfy.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We had a view of the south end of the strip (Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur), which wasn't that great but pretty cool nonetheless.Let me mention that the Tropicana is nicely situated on the south end of the strip.  There is a handy little free tram that goes from the Mandalay Bay to Luxor to Excalibur and back.  There are walkways from the Trop to the Excalibur, the Excalibur to New York New York, and from the Trop to MGM.  There is also the light rail that travels from the MGM all the way up the strip, but we didn't take it.  It was easy to get around.  The Tropicana is not too bad for the price (um, free).  I actually enjoyed staying there, mostly because of the location.  A few other cool things:--they have two full pay deuces wild machines in the back of the casino--the Paradise Tower elevators are right at the front (easy access).  I think it was a three minute walk from our room on the 12th floor to the  badass MGM sports book--they had a silly little band on Saturday that played a bunch of songs you know all the words to.  It wasn't fancy, but it was entertaining--I heard the pool is not bad, but I didn't try it outA couple things they could improve:--Beware of the bitchy bartender at Lucky's lounge (she wears a Vince Young jersey, which would normally mean she is A-ok in my book, but she was not.  I have never in my whole entire life had a waitress tell me (actually tell my husband) to play quicker after I just put $20 in a VP machine and was already down to $1.25.  Very, very annoying.).--Upgrade the rooms.  They weren't bad, but getting old.  A little upgrade would go a long way.All in all, not the nicest place I have ever stayed, but I had fun.  Course, I don't remember a time I have gone to Vegas that I haven't had fun.  Lower your expectations a bit, and you might be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,11/26/2007,1356,83,10,5,5>I don't get to stay here enough.  Probably because of price and its all the way at the end of the strip.  The rooms, house of blues, shark aquarium, events center ( ufc / boxing / big concerts ), wave pool, and ease of check-in make this place a breath of fresh air.  No really, they literally pump scented oxygen throughout the entire hotel which is rumored to help keep you awake and in a good mood.  Those guys think of everything don't they???  You can tell by how clean and decorated the whole place is right down to the cocktail waitresses' chiquita-esqe uniforms.The gym and the spa are badass!  You gotta get the blood flowin' before you take your shirt off.  Seriously, it's the biggest facility i've seen.  It beats any other place with the exception of bellagio, but their crowd is kind of older, saggy, and snobby.They've outdone themselves with the pool.  It's huge and has the whole lazy river with inner tubes.  OMG some of the SEXIEST women I've seen come here.  Talk about a pleasant distraction, they even have a clothing optional area.  I've caught a glimpse of the action and it looks pretty good.  On top of that the cabanas are more private ( you know what i mean ; ) ) and have nicer amenities(plasmas) than the other casinos.  Just make sure you reserve one a day in advance on busy weekends.  The only two places i've eaten were at the raffles cafe and the bayside buffet that overlooks the pool.  Both are good.  I would not eat all day just to do their buffet.  My friends challenged me to a alaskan crab leg eating contest once but couldn't keep up even though i had three plates.I still haven't explored all the nightlife options here.  Just the HOB club on the weekends and rum jungle which didn't impress me.  I always see broken glass and throw up on the floor.  Though I've heard they are stepping things up in that area.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,11/25/2007,521,497,2,18,17>A burger in Vegas?  Not what you'd expect to dine on with sooooo many buffets and prime rib specials available within a 1 square mile radius.  The Burger Bar is conveniently located in the shopping wing, Mandalay Place at Mandalay Bay.  It's not really so much a bar...it reminds me more of like an upscale ice cream parlor.  The place is pretty spacious with counter seating and wood booths with granite tables. They offer a wide range of beers, both domestic and imported specialties, along with their version of the 'six dollar' burger.  The burgers are gourmet style, courtesy of Hubert Keller and are actually worth their inflated price.  They use some real top grade beef...Ridgefield Farms corn fed beef to Black Angus beef to American Kobe beef...they have something to satisfy the most discerning beef lover.  Not fond of beef, try their lamb, buffalo, chicken, or turkey burger.  For something more healthy, they also have salmon steaks and a veggie burger.  I tried the Ridgefield Farms American Classic burger, which came with bacon, lettuce, and a tomato slice.  The surprise on the menu, next to the $60 Rossini burger (Kobe beef laced with foie gras and truffles), are the many condiments that one can add to your burger...over 40 different choices.  I opted for the jalepenos and peppered jack cheese.  And here, when you ask for medium rare, it comes medium rare...it came out perfect.  Also a surprise, the service...excellent and attentive.  Worth the splurge...go have one!
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2007,11/24/2007,338,829,1,6,2>ahhh.. my body thanks me for taking a trip to the spa at lakeside..i've been here twice. both times with a friend that goes every other week. this visit was much better than the last because i had something to compare it to. not that the first visit wasn't great.. its just this time my massage was spectacular. my masseuse today was donna. she was very polite and that made me feel very comfortbale. i chose the dynamic combo which was a alternating massage between the swedish, firm pressure, and hot stone massages. perfect for me because it was a little of everything. i'm very ticklish but i did a pretty good job of not giggling the whole time like my first massage. i like the dynamic combo cuz it gave me a little break here and there from the firm pressure massage which is what makes me giggle. donna was very attentive when it came to parts of my body that needed a little more work than others. she didnt even need to ask. they have other packages that include facials and body scrubs and whatnot.. but i like to keep it simple with the 80 minute massage.i gave it 4 stars cuz i think the place could use a touch of warmth (no not like bare minerals).. the lobby is cluttered with products and it takes away the ambiance of being at a spa. but kudos for having a terrace in the back that looks out to the lake.. it was a gorgeous day today so it was perfect for sitting in a rocking lounge chair
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2007,11/23/2007,203,196,12,6,6>Top 10 reasons why I love the Double Down Saloon:10. The first time my man's band played the Double Down, security told them just before they go on stage "If a fight breaks out, keep playing.  I'll take care of it."9. I once waited in line for the bathroom about 20 minutes, banging and kicking the door (it's a 1 per bathroom), and 5 or 6 people finally come out squinting and stumbling.  One of the guys told me "relax, dude".8. I met Diablo at the Double Down.  Yes, the devil.  He has great hair.7. The bands play until 6 am, which means when the show's over, the sun's out.  So you just kinda have to stay there, cuz who wants to be outside when the sun is out.6. I go there maybe 3 times a year, and the bartender always remembers me.  So flattering.5. The pool tables are multi-functional.  You can shoot billiards, dance, or sleep on them.4. Animated porn.3. Always free to get in.2. The Bacon Martini.  They soak a strip of bacon in vodka for something like a month, and serve it as a martini.  It's really gross.  You gotta try it.And the #1 reason why I love the Double Down Saloon...I can go there without showering, no makeup, smelling like Vegas funk, and STILL get hit on.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2007,11/22/2007,140,157,6,6,5>Ever wanted to feel like a movie star?Do what I did - tag along to your rich younger brother's birthday bash at the WYNN. Being the baller that he is, he checked out one Standard Room, one Tower Suite, and...wait for it...:...One of the Fairway Villas at the Wynn! Seriously, I kept looking for the MTV Cribs camera crews. The room had 2 50" plasma flat screens, mirrored ceilings, a massage room, His, Hers AND guest bathrooms, jacuzzi, need I go on...? I tried a bidet for the first time!Celebrity sightings (besides myself...I mean, I walked around in giant sunglasses, hot pants, a mini trench, high heels and a cigarette the whole time - what a f*cking STAR!):Geena DavisSteve MartinSteve Wynn (no real stretch, there)Elevator ride with John Cleese and Kevin NealonA few minor complaints (what kind of yelper would I be if I couldn't bitch about SOMETHING?): 1. Problems with temperature control. The hallways are either stifling or freezing.2. They need a monorail from the rooms to the casino. We were honestly discouraged from going down to gamble because of the Long Mile to and from our "Villa."3. Couldn't find a decent meal. The room service was awful. Really bad. Someone ordered a breakfast pizza. With 9 people there, it went uneaten. And I already Yelped about Bartolotta's. Worst $300 spent yet.Anyway, it's a brilliant use of space. It's splashy without being theme-y. The drunk douche bag factor is way low. The service is so good you have to keep pinching yourself. Maybe after my big break, I'll take a year hiatus at the Fairway Villas: Steve Wynn's newest masterpiece.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2007,11/21/2007,96,123,2,2,2>I've been obsessed with Ancient Egypt since I was a little girl and I was really stoked to stay at this hotel. I loved all the hieroglyphics carved into the walls (if you haven't figured it out I'm a big nerd... I got teased for wanting to be an Egyptologist instead of a teacher or fireman like a lot of other kids) and the rooms in the west tower were large and  nicely decorated with very large bathrooms and tubs. The hotel itself is beautiful but it has a LOT less going on inside than the other hotels and my family and I ended up spending a lot more time at the Excalibur and New York New York than our own hotel. I will say that I was really impressed by their Pyramid Cafe's food and the Pharoah's Pheast Buffet. The food was really tasty and much better than the other Vegas buffets I had eaten at. The pizza at Pyramid Cafe is made to order and very fresh. SOOOO good... it was a very pleasant surprise.I was disappointed that check-in doesn't begin until 11:30am... c'mon, it's Vegas! People are coming in at all hours of the day and making a ton of people wait until 11:30 and then having them all bum-rush the counter resulting in a VERY VERY long line is a system that does not work very well. Suzanne B. is NOT lying when she talks about the towels being tiny and feeling like sandpaper because as soon as I grabbed one the word "sandpaper" instantly popped into my mind. The hotel bed comforter was not much better. Very thin, stif and scratchy. Disappointing. I also expected that a big hotel would offer free wi-fi to it's guests in their rooms but instead I saw people in the hallways leading to the west tower walking around with their laptops trying to find a connection. Last but not least, I didn't like that microwaves and refrigerators weren't provided in the rooms. My dad is diabetic and needs to refrigerate his insulin and we had to call the front desk and have them deliver a bulky mobile one to his room. Also... I thought that maid service usually happened at a decent hour like noon  ;p  ... however, we were sorely mistaken when the maid walked into our room at 9am after a long long long night of drinking and gambling.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,11/20/2007,576,494,6,4,3>Think of the word Kahunaville and think tacky right?Right. One of the best drinking experiences I had on my recent trip to Vegas was at Kahunaville. I dress up to go out and we meet at this place for pre-club drinks. The drinks are served in big neon plastic cups. Vanilla Ice is blaring in the distance.  We order our friend a drink that looks like a concoction that would appear in a witches cauldron. We laugh at the bubbling drink and wonder when it will stop.   It doesn't until it is empty. We're bullshitting and drinking and so far the drinks have been a topic of conversation in and of themselves. That is until Tootsie Roll comes on.  The big girls at the table next to us climb onto any surface they can find and begin "rolling."  The french guys we are with think this is what America is all about, bad music, tacky girls, vodka tonics served in yard sized plastic cups.  Overall entertaining making the club we went to after seem too ridiculously serious, but isn't that what Vegas is all about?
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2007,11/19/2007,29,370,7,4,2>Is it the Desert Rose or is it the Hawthorn Suites?  I'm so confused.  Either way, I give this bitch four stars.The good stuff: During the week (Monday-Thursday) they have happy hour from 5-7pm with all-you-can-consume free beer, wine and snacks!  Nothin' like boozin' it up in the hotel lobby with grandma and grandpa wearing open toe sandals and bright white knee high socks.The location:I was a little hesitant when I found out we would be saying "off the strip," but have to admit that I had a great experience here.  Granted it's barely tucked off the strip behind MGM and the Tropicana, adjacent to the magnificent Hooters Hotel & Casino. (Is that even technically off the strip?)  So let's just get that out of the way, the location is good, probably just as far from getting places as Mandalay Bay or Luxor.. and it seemed really quick getting a cab in and out of here from the airport.  So, yeah... the location is good.The room and bed:The suite was nice and clean, but keep in mind I didn't notice the giant stains on the carpet near the kitchen until the last night we were here.  I don't think we made those stains... did we?  The beds were comfy although I can only vouch for the pull out sofa bed (or davenport as my grandma used to call it).  When you're drunk and blacked out you can't feel the springs or support pole things at all!The pool:Probably one of the more lame of the Las Vegas hotel pools but I got over it.. it's small and nothing special but it does the trick.The verdict:If you're not obsessed with staying in a big joint on the strip, want something extremely affordable and totally nice, try the Desert Rose.. er.. Hawthorn Suites.     whatever.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,11/18/2007,25,207,1,4,1>Wow.  I had to go here after reading the reviews.  We headed here for a bachelor party.  It was my first time at Palm even though they have one up north in Northbrook, IL.  Service was great.  They sat down our group of eight quickly.  I have to always try out lobster bisque and their bowl of it was pretty good.  I went for a Dry Aged NY Strip (I never order this) and was blown away by it.  It was massive and damn, damn good.The highlight was the creamed spinach.  I use the Lawry's one to compare, but they threw in some extra cheese or something. It was like tasting Parmigiano Reggiano for the first time. It was the best thing I've tasted in awhile.  The creamed corn was superb as well.I'm definitely going to the one in Northbrook sometime in the near future.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2007,11/17/2007,265,255,3,10,4>The new Mario Batali restaurant in the venetian, much more casual than B&B, yet still very cozy and gorgeous.  They are conscious about keeping it portion controlled, so i didn't get too full, which was good.  We had the carne grande appetizer, which was 5 different italian handmade meats (such as prosciutto and finocchiona) and different cheeses such as parmigiano and gorgonzola.  Very good, very light.  They brought apricots to add on and made it extra tasty.  Also had a margherita pizza and a pennette pasta with eggplant.  All quite good.  For dessert, try the salted caramel gelato...after the strange initial salt burst, it's a nice taste (if you can get past salt on gelato).on a side note - the menu is in italian and the staff is more than happy to explain everything to you.  Our waiter explained everything to us and was extremly helpful and courteous...check this place out when you need a light lunch!
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2007,11/16/2007,267,382,,2,4>This place is eye candy.  You could gain 5 pounds just looking at the joint.  The world's largest chocolate fountain is a feast for the eyes, the multi-tiered cakes hanging from the ceiling are gorgeous, yet look like they'd taste just as good as they look.  The only thing I actually tasted with my mouth was the mango gelato.  Perfect texture, strong mango flavor.  Refreshing.  Totally hit the spot on this 100 degree day in Vegas.  Cost a whopping $5.50, but they give you what seems like two scoops.  One scoop at the Venetian Gelateria in St. Mark's Square is much smaller and costs somewhere around $4....
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2007,11/15/2007,184,263,1,2,2>Loved the original one in Scottsdale when I lived there and now can visit this location when Im out in Vegas. Love the sushi here. Great service. Cool vibe. Good looking crowd too...lots of good looking women here. And the reverse HAPPY HOUR (from 10 to midnite) is awesome as well. 1/2 priced on most of the sushi, rolls and appetizers and its so worth it. Went in there and killed that joint for like $100 on food and drinks during the HAPPY HOUR...how can you beat that...? I definitely recommend Sapporo for food and vibe.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2007,11/14/2007,38,647,4,3,5>You can't have a bachelorette party weekend in Vegas and not bring the bachelorette here! She was such a good sport. We had a stripper bring her on stage for a lap dance. It was C-R-A-Z-Y, I couldn't believe the things he did to/with her. haha. It was fun and shocking to watch the ladies around you going ga-ga around these strippers. But hey, you only live once, so enjoy it! I didn't realize that there was a two drink minimum, but we had more than two drinks each.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2007,11/13/2007,164,328,4,4,2>oontz oontz oontz oontz...oh yeah baby... you know those nights when you go the club and after you leave that's all you hear in your head?!?!? this is where it's at!!!i went here with my cousins for some dancin and we did that ALL NIGHT LONG!! :)the bartenders were fancy pourers and had a different little routine everytime they poured a drink or shot. makes the $11 a drink / $6 a shot worth it... well it was worth it to me because i was drunk!! HAHAHA!!!a nice big dance floor to spread out and strut your stuff... the DJ that night was fantastic and we ended up partying with her into the wee hours of the morning... gotta love vegas!!for any off-the-strip partying head over here!!
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,11/12/2007,151,400,4,5,7>Excellent club sandwich! My dad and sister meet here somewhat often for brunch on Sundays so, of course, I join them if I'm in town. (Yes, it's a little weird being at a pub at 10:30am on a Sunday, but hey-- it's Vegas, baby!) The service is usually good. I tried my dad's patty melt and it was really good. My mom was happy with her clubhouse omelette. My only complaint is that the bathroom is defunct. The sinks are barely a dribble when turned to full-power so it takes 10 minutes to wash your hands thoroughly. A decent bar-food venue.Update 12/27/07: WooHOO! They fixed the sinks, they fixed the sinks! Now if only they would chill with the morning rap music blaring in the restroom...
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,11/11/2007,78,35,8,11,5>I went to the WELL Spa  because it was convenient as I was staying at The Platinum Hotel. I would go back, even if I stayed anywhere else in Vegas.After a couple of kind of busy weeks at work, I thought I'd treat myself.  Initially, I planned to get a 25 minute body scrub and a 25 minute Swedish massage. However, a couple days before I left for Sin City, my REALLY REALLY HIDEOUS sunburn started to peel. So I had to rethink the scrub.Instead, I called ahead and made a reservation for me and a friend to get side-by-side 50 minute Swedish massages, each reasonably priced at $105. Do you remember that episode of "Friends" where Phoebe works at the high-end spa and the receptionist speaks in that wispy, fake, supposed-to-be-relaxing-but-is-really-just-funny-­and-kind-of-off-putting voice? Well, the receptionist here speaks like that, too. Consider yourself warned. It's tough to not giggle on the phone with her.But once you get to the spa, it's time for some Serious Relaxation. It's  pretty small, but complete. The women's locker room was equipped with two locker areas, several vanities with hair and skin care products, toothbrushes and toothpaste, hair brushes (useful, since I forgot mine in LA), hair dryers, curling and straighting irons, cotton, etc, a steam room, restrooms, two showers, and a small relaxation area with 4 incredibly comfortable leather chaise lounges. The showers were awesome and equipped with fantastic shower heads. The robes were also super fluffy warm. The slippers were hard rubber instead of squishy terry-- not so great. But, then again, how much time do you spend on your feet at a spa, right?There is also a co-ed relaxation area of several booths with various numbers of the same chaises, separated from one another by gauzy green curtians. They were also separated from the hall with gauzy green curtains. Yes, the relaxation area was in the hallway. Not. So. Relaxing. On the plus side, they did provide water, teas, and fruits in this area. Now, on to the main event. My massage. Prior to my disrobing and laying down, the therapist dutifully asked me if I had an injuries, to which I responded, "Well, I have this truly fucking heinous sunburn" and shrugged off the shoulder of my robe to demonstrate. Allow me to point out that, by that time, I had been in the dry desert air for a good day or so, and it had postively wicked any thought of moisture out of my body. My back was peeling something awful. Skin was falling off like a giant's dandruff. I swear I was leaving DNA trails all over Las Vegas. Gross, but true. See how honest I am with you Yelpers!?Anyway, the therapist said, "Well, that's ready to come off" and offered to use a ginger mango scrub on my upper back, if the burn wasn't hurting me still. It wasn't so I gladly aquiesced and proceded with my treatment. The sheets on the massage bed must be 80-million threadcount. It was like laying in a bed of rose petals. As she preperd to scrub me down, she mentioned that she would just throw in the scrub for free and cut down my massage time a bit. Worked for me! My back looks a million times better and my muscles are happy campers, too. They brought us icey cold water after the massages.I found a 25% off coupon laying on the coffee table  of my suite, so, after that discount, the two massages were only $159 before tip. Not too shabby! My therapist mentioned to me that the ginger mango scrub she used on my back was for sale at the spa, and she left a jar out for the receptionist to show me. All I had to say was "I have a ton of scrub at home" and she put that jar away so quickly that I almost forgot she ever tried to sell me anything. It was AWESOME! A pushy sale would have totally ruined my newly relaxed and refreshed vibe.The scrub was great. The massage was great. But should you expect anything less at a high-end spa? What really pushed this place over the edge was the customer service. They really take care of you and do their best to make you feel good. It's all in the little things: the not-pushy sales people, the feather-soft sheets, and free scrub for a desperate woman. Those are 5-star details, my friends. Find the WELL Spa on the 6th floor of the Platinum Hotel on Flamingo. Enoy yourself.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,11/10/2007,46,179,7,2,1>I just stayed here while the hotel was in transition from Aladdin to Planet Hollywood-- at the time, the sign read Planet Ho. The planet hollywood concept is very promising-- I mean, I don't give a rat's ass about the hollywood tie in, but it's more like they're building a hotel/casino with the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino vibe actually ON THE STRIP. I also had very good luck there and left Vegas a winner for the first time in a long time... Thanks for that guys-- free vacation, np. Nice rooms, low prices, friendly dealers, free of that old school gambler vibe. Overall, nice.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2007,11/8/2007,86,273,2,3,6>So, well, I can't say I know anything about this place as I have only been there once, but... well, my wife and I were in Vegas for our honeymoon and someone recommended the Treasure Island Buffet. So we hit it up and were really surprised. We had heard that the Wynn was good and the Bellagio was good, but we had no idea the Treasure Island Buffet would be any good!They had a bunch of different styles around the edges, and from the prime rib to the deserts to the shrimp cocktail... it was all really pretty excellent. I think we even tried the wannabe sushi and were surprised that it wasn't as bad as we thought it would be. All in all, we left full and satisfied!Then we went gambling a little, had a few rum and cokes to get us in a piratey mood. Quite a few drinks later, we hit up the 25 cent slots... and I won like $350!!!!Since the machine was just going crazy, and so were my wife and I, a bunch of random dudes were looking over with jealousy in their eyes. One crazy old dude who looked quite like a retired pirate in rehab said, "How do I make my machine do that?"In the end, we enjoyed our visit and will be back for the buffet if nothing else. Arrrrrrrrrigato Treasure Island!
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2007,11/7/2007,195,200,6,6,5>I have to eat at Cravings whenever I'm in town.  I don't care how hung over I am, or how much money I've lost, I will eat prime-rib, eggplant parm, sugar-free hazelnut gelato, sushi, sugar-free cheesecake, crab legs, fried shrimp, fried chicken, sausage, ham, bacon, smoked salmon, meat n' cheese, and salad.  If you think that's gross, you should catch me when I'm not on my diet.The last time I was here, my friend Cynthia and I never actually dined together.  It was more of a tag-team (not the Whoomp! There it is! kind).  Somehow, whenever one was eating, the other was going up for more food.  Next time, I'll be the 2 plates-at-a-time kind of girl.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,11/6/2007,138,259,9,5,3>WARNING: This is a cheesy review from the greatest ABBA fan in the world. The greatest straight male ABBA fan in the world.This show inspires me when I'm "Under Attack". 2 shows a night for the cast, so they're "Super Troupers". The show is pricey, it'll cost a lot of "Money, Money, Money". But it's a fun show, great story, great acting, and you'll say, "Thank You for the Music". If you see me at Mandalay Bay, "Take a Chance on Me" and come along on a date with me to watch "Mamma Mia".So to all my little "Honey Honey"'s, "I Have a Dream" that this show will stay at Mandalay Bay for a long time because if not, "One of Us" will be very sad. But if you want to see a cute story about a mother and a daughter, "The Name of the Game" is to watch "Mamma Mia". It's fun, alive, hysterical. You won't lose with this show, like Napoleon at "Waterloo". You'll sing along, you'll be a "Dancing Queen". There are many shows in Las Vegas and on Broadway, but this one is "The Winner Takes it All". "Does You Mother Know" any ABBA songs, do you know any ABBA songs? After watching this show, you'll say "Gimme! Gimme! Gimme!" at your local store to buy ABBA CD's. "Knowing Me, Knowing You", I own them all.EPILOGUE: I expect to get slammed for this review. Prepare your statements and insults, because I have already signaled an "S.O.S."
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2007,11/5/2007,368,167,6,6,9>Props to Ivan Kane for pairing up exceptionally talented musicians with phenomenally seductive burlesque dancers.  The girls we saw put on a performance that out-classed and out-titillated the upscale strip club without contest.  Pure seduction.Shame on Ivan Kane for being stingy with the performances.  One or two song sets every couple of hours?  That's insanity!Ivan Kane, I have one more suggestion for you.  Tell your door crew to do a better job of managing the line.  The place was unacceptably full before 2:30 am.  People weren't having a good time.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2007,11/3/2007,200,251,3,4,7>My USTA women's 3.0 team played our first National match today at these courts. We played against a team from Kansa City, MO. Even though we lost (it was super close!!!), it was a pleasure playing at these courts and at this facility overall. The courts are very well maintained. The staff is great. The officials were not jerks. And the best yet, is super cold cold water in between sets. Not only all that, the mountain backdrop is spectacular!!THIS COURT IS PUBLIC!!!!!!! Only $3.50/hr per person to play on these spectacular courts.We're going to go get them tomorrow.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2006,11/2/2007,129,447,,3,6>Las Vegas is populated with a few different types of hotels and casinos.  Everyone knows about the Strip, filled with large-scale theme resorts to cater to every Joe Schmo just in from Tulsa.  Not a lot of people are accquainted with the nitty-gritty style of Downtown Vegas, trussed up in new clothes (The Freemont Street Experience, anyone?).  And even less people who are not from Vegas know about off-Strip, non-Downtown "locals' casino/hotels."  For a long time, these were not classy affairs.  The Station Family of casinos has taken over and tried to change that.Their first big attempt is Red Rock, tucked up high in residential Summerlin.  Of course this place is nice, that's what they were going for, but it's also genuinely classy and cool.I've only been twice when I've been in Vegas, but both times I digged the vibe.  The casino has a much more open feel than normal, and the decor is first rate.  The lobby, in particular, is amazing.  It's filled with lots of light and cool chandeliers and good-looking "hip" furniture.  They've got apples stacked up at Reception for your consumption (anyone channeling the Four Seasons, here??).  They also use a lot of rock (imagine that!), but it's big, beautiful, cultured rock, such as the white and yellow solid bar in the Onyx Bar.  This is echoed in the Lobby Bar.  And kudos to them for having an actual Lobby Bar (they are hard to come by), nestled in between two winding staircases that lead up to the casino floor (another lovely note -- the lobby is a floor below the casino, cutting down on noise drastically).Never been in the rooms, but a good friend stayed in one of the suites for a bachelorette party and said it was ace.And every single staff member we have encountered has been outstanding.So much better than the days of a locals' casino being the old Santa Fe, resplentant with a bowling alley.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2007,11/1/2007,344,859,6,8,7>To tell you the truth, I only chose to eat at Social House because Lauren Conrad and her clan from Hills ate here while they were filming in Las Vegas. Well, also the great reviews on Yelp help too. :)I reserve on Opentable.com for 6pm Saturday. My boyfriend and I arrived 5 minutes earlier and were told to sit in the lounge for our table to be ready but we didn't wait long. As soon as our Hostess lead us upstairs I knew i was going to LOVE Social House. Its fun, hip and chic, Social House Restaurant has a live DJ and interactive sushi bar (kinda reminds me of Blow Fish BUT better). Its fashionable yet relaxed atmosphere ideal for big group or a romantic couple dinner.Our waiters were very attentive and friendly. I didn't know what to order and our waiter was happy to suggest his favorite dishes. So we finally decided on 1 Cold Dish (Mixed Nigiri Sushi $32), 1 Hot Dish (5 Spice Chicken Wings ($10), 2 Social House Rolls (Adobo Chicken and Caramelized Onions with Soy Vinegar Chicken Reduction $12) & Shrimp and Spicy Tuna Battera (box) Roll $20). I have to say the food was excellent especially the Shrimp and Spicy Tuna Battera. It was TOO die for. $20 for a 6 pieces sushi was worth the price. The roll was a square shaped rather than the normal round roll. The mixed Nigiri plate were fresh. Our whole meal cost about $118 with non-alcoholic drinks. Many people might think the sushi is over price but I thought the prices match the fresh quality, flavor & presentation. You wont find the typical mainstream sushi rolls. Our waiters kept coming back to see how we were doing and also refilling our drinks without me requesting for a refill (that's a BIG plus). The next time, i am in town i will definitely eat at Social House again. Thank you Social House for making my Vegas trip memorable! :)
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2007,10/31/2007,199,77,4,6,8>what is it about this place i remember so much?was it the GF's half and half cup of  "so yum, and I mean real yum", sweet and caramelly Cream Brulee gelato and her Mint Chocolate gelato that tasted like a frozen melted Andes Mint on steroids?was it my half and half cup of Coffee gelato that tasted like those Japanese Pokka-brand canned Coffee drinks?or was it the Chocolate Hazelnut that tasted like a frozen and creamier version of Nutella? was it the outdoor seating overlooking Lake Las Vegas?it was neither of those.  i remember it because that was the first place i took my "then" friend to catch up on old times, who would later become my favorite dining companion, and who now returns with me to this Gelato place as my biggest crush, my favorite dining companion, and my GF!!!
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2007,10/30/2007,76,304,8,6,6>We wish we could say that we're hip cats and always have our finger on the pulse of the Vegas dining scene.  We could say that to all of you in Yelp-land, but we'd be lying.We heard about the Sterling Brunch from that cheezy Food Network show.  You know, the one where that dopey guy and that irritating woman who looks like a soccer mom on crystal meth travel around the US eating their way into insanity.  We saw the show and became brainwashed like the rest of America.  We're ashamed, and we admit it.Fortunately for us though, Sterling Brunch turned out to be a sweet find.  Soccer mom and dopey dude really found a gem here which is not an easy thing to do in Vegas, the land of endless buffets, fine food, and excess.What makes this buffet so different?  My friend, if you have to ask then you are not worthy.  We'll let others on this forum describe the food and just say that the quality is top-notch.The setting is in a space usually occupied by the steakhouse at Bally's.  Dark hardwood surrounds you and waiters in tuxedos tend to you with offerings of mimosas (using good quality champagne) and cloth napkins.  The best part of this brunch is that the irritating hillbilly tourist families are usually turned away by the price ($65 per person).  That's right folks!  You won't have some bratty snot covered 2 year old running up and down the aisles chasing her flea-infested brother.  Nope, the people here are actually somewhat presentable.Make sure to secure reservations in advance as walk-ins were turned away when we went.  Also, the Sterling Brunch only happens on Sundays, so you'll be mightily disappointed if you show up at their door on say a Tuesday morning looking for fine grub.  Bring an extra stomach and make the wifey take her largest purse so you can steal extra food for the flight home.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2007,10/29/2007,150,256,1,11,6>This hotel is surpisingly nice and new, but far from the strip (10 minute drive).  Other than location, I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel for familes as there is a bowling alley, an arcade, and a decent pool.  The room is very clean and bigger than average.  Bathroom is decent, and beds as well.I want to note that they have a really good blackjack game.  Here the dealer does not automatically win if he/she has blackjack.  Instead players are able to play their hands normally and if you happen to reach 21, you can tie the dealer's 21 and still push!  If you're playing optimal strat, you'll be very, very close to 50/50 odds on this game!
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2007,10/28/2007,58,104,3,4,6>i really didn't know there was going to be so many haters on this review. but honestly this is the best thai food in the US. been here twice and both times were a mind-blowing experience. imagine 7 guys coming to lotus and sharing 5 dishes. funniest site imaginable. we tore apart our plates man. we shared the whole fried catfish, bbq pork, bbq beef, pad see yew, duck curry, and plenty and plenty of steamed rice. honestly i didnt know that such a lowly fish, such as catfish, can be cooked in a manner that really puts it up there with the more celebrated fishes (salmon, tuna, halibut, bass, snapper, etc.). the bbq pork was crispy yet moist. the pad see yew was pad see yew. we ordered it for a stomach filler. ahah. the duck curry with little grapes and pineapples were perfect. the thing that really blew my mind was the bbq beef. little slices of beef topped off with a lime fish sauce. o man. my tongue has never tasted those flavors before. it was like i landed on another planet. this is why i gave it five stars. this restaurant changed the way i perceive thai food in america. thank you lotus of siam. o and their mangoes were out of this world.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2007,10/26/2007,32,105,,4,5>We were walking down the strip and were greeted by trader Vic's inconic tiki face. Being a fan of the Beverly HIlton local (I should say, drinks!) we dragged our friend in for a little 5 o'clock pick me up. We sat at the bar and were surprised by the cool modern vibe they had going on - very different from the bev hills kitchsy 50's throwback style. Although I was a little put off at first, it grew on me.Turns out it was their opening night - lucky us. Drinks were good, although the menu was smaller with just the traditionals included. We did try the food though and was very happy - the tempura calamari was light and crunchy and the crab rangoons did not resemble the typical fried cream cheese that you usually get.The bar tenders were great (loved Kim - she was a doll) and very helpful. Drinks were beautiful and tasty - get the Honi Honi and notice the risque (ie: porn) going on around the glass. I guess if Vegas does Tiki, this is it.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2007,10/25/2007,102,29,3,3,2>Daaaaamn...I just read some of the other reviews, and it looks like a bunch of people going to Vegas expect magicians to pop out of their sushi rolls and tell them that dinner is free of charge.I was pretty impressed with this place. At first I was terrified, after seeing the lounge and thinking that it was the restaurant itself. I thought, "wow, zero privacy, and pretty loud for a dinner spot", but then I realized what I was seeing and my mind brightened again knowing that they had such a cool attachment to the restaurant. The food was awesome (not so into the asparagus, but whatever), the cocktails were super tasty, and...most importantly...service was outstanding. It's all about presentation and professionalism when it comes to a great dining experience, and Japonais had both. It was also a real treat to have a light-yet-filling meal in Vegas. Most of these nicer dinner places there are all saturated in some heavy stuff, and you can't seem to escape meat. Japonais is awesome.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,10/24/2007,299,1732,,8,6>OPULENCE at it's best.  A monstrosity of a review for a truly exquisite meal and memorable experience.  From the plush velvet upholstery and red rose accented lounge to handcrafted crystal chandelier suspended above the lush purple dining room. Known around the world as "Chef of the Century," legendary French Chef Joel Robuchon has come out of retirement to open his very first and only fine dining French restaurant in the United States.  As a AAA 5 Diamond Award Winner, this meal had a lot to live up to.  Reservations were made in advance online about a week before we landed in Vegas.  A credit card is needed to secure the reservation.  I made the request of more private seating, and we received one of the four sumptuous corner booths in the 12 table main dining room.  There is also an artificial patio outside for dining.We were greeted by a willowy and surly middle aged French gentleman.  No smile, no how are you, just 'How can I help you?'  Maybe it was my fault, we arrived 5 mins early to our 5:30pm reservation, I was ogling and capturing pictures of the petit four cart.  I soon forgot about his cold arrogant demeanor as we stepped into the fireplace furnished dining room.He walked us to our booth, where the table was elegantly set, and pulled out in anticipation of our arrival.  When the bread cart arrived, yes it was a CART of 18 kinds of bread, we were verbally led through the varieties and then given an opportunity to choose at our leisure.  The bread was delicious and decadent.  I was especially fond of the brie and pesto brioche.  Our server had a wonderful quiet demeanor and a rich deep baritone voice.  He explained each course in great detail, and catered to our every whim.  Darren, our Sommelier was a riot from the beginning to the end.  He offered his expertise on wine, coyness when asked about Marcel from Bravo's Top Chef and entertained with a delightful dance while choosing the perfect wine.  He was aware that Marcel worked at Robuchon, but by the time he started, Marcel had already left the restaurant.  My boyfriend was greatly amused by Darren's process of sniffing, swirling, taking a few steps back, forward and then sipping the wine.  There is no set wine pairing price here, the Sommelier just works with the client to determine the pace and taste.    Most tasting menus are not for the timid, usually holding a few items that are less pleasing to one's palate.  Robuchon, proved that he could whip up 16 courses to consistently excite and tantalize me throughout the meal.  Before our meal began, our server asked if we were allergic or not particularly fond of any items.  I mentioned that sea urchin was difficult for me to hold down.  He let us know that he could remove it entirely and replace the course with another item or he could mention to the Chef to lighten up on the delicacy.  I opted for the latter.La PommeApple gelee, yuzu granite and chutneyOpened up the palate, tart, and refreshing.  Le Caviar OscietreOscetra caviar topped with a delicate asparagus creamOne of our favorites, a perfect blend of ingredients.La Truffe blancheTruffled langoustine ravioli with diced cabbageA signature dish, and my personal favorite, the truffles were creamy and the ravioli skin was cooked al dente caressing the shellfish oh so lovingly, and gotta love the brussel sprout!  Le ThonSmoked and seared Tuna, cauliflower, Nori and green curryVery creative way of presenting cauliflower, crushed finely and mixed with noriLa Noix de Saint JacquesSpaghetti and scallops with chanterelles and shellfish jusThe chanterelles fragranced the dish lightly, while the spaghetti and scallops danced in the jus.L'OursinSea Urchin, potato puree with a hint of coffeeFirst time I finished a sea urchin course, nothing was fishy, excellent puree.La ChataigneLight cream of chestnuts on top of delicate celeriac custardThe presentation with the fall leaves and the choice of chestnuts really brought forth the spirit of the season, the sprinkled bacon on top put it over the top.Le PotironGnocchi of pumpkin with mimolette and trufflesThe potato pillows were heavenly and the truffles added an elegant touch.Le TurbotTurbot baked in a cocette with grilled matsutake Wonderfully firm fish with a delicious delicate flavor.Le BarPan fried sea bass w/the skin & 5 spices, w/verjus saucePan seared and buttery soft.  Le HomardLobster under a disappearing saffron hostie in a seafood boullionLoved the mini lobster head accenting the side of the plate and the rosemary stir stick, which brought out a fabulous aroma to the broth.  Le Boeuf de KobeGrilled Kobe beef w/watercress tempura, horseradish mustardTender, cooked rare and I enjoyed dredging the pieces of cow through the mustard.L'EpeautreSault farrow prepared risotto style, gold leafButtery goodness.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/3/2006,10/23/2007,265,201,5,4,6>This is where we stayed on our little jaunt to Vegas. Four Queens isn't on the Strip, but it is right on Fremont, so you can do plenty of souvenir shopping and catch the light show pretty easily. Everything was sort of run-down and tired, like much of the Old Quarter, but there is plenty of charm. I didn't expect there to be a casino, but there was. I think tourists might like the prices here; significantly cheaper than staying at a hotel on the Strip. It's really not that bad if you're wanting to throw away most of your money gambling instead of on the hotel room. There are shuttles and buses to the strip, so visitors can hop on one of those and head to one of the many, many buffets Vegas has to offer. Vegas isn't really my cup of tea, but again, I think tourists will really enjoy the ridiculous excess and craziness of everything while saving a pretty penny on lodgings.** funny, I used "isn't my cup of tea" to describe Vegas twice. not sure why Vegas brings out the old lady Estelle in me, but it does, apparently!
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,10/21/2007,413,1464,4,5,7>When you walk up to the host stand you can be escorted to Nove, Moon nightclub, or the Playboy Club.  Our weensy corseted hostess asked if us ladies would be interested in attending the Playboy Club that evening.  I don't know if we look like the type of ladies that might (I was with a vendor), or if she asks everyone that.  I have no idea how she could see into my soul so clearly in any case.  We take the elevator up to meet the rest of our party.  Hang on, the corset outfit is the uniform here.  Good lord, it must look like a showgirl dressing room in the employee lounge --- these girls clearly have to lace each other up once they arrive.  There is no way they are bending or reaching or activating turn signals or buckling seatbelts, or breathing for that matter, in those corsets on the journey from home to work.I ordered a mandarin vodka and soda from our buxom cocktail waitress and it was yummy.  They do something to it.  It was syrupy sweet.  I don't know what they add (dare I guess simple syrup?), but it was unlike any other mandarin vodka and soda I've had.  In a good way though, it disappeared very quickly.We were seated at a great, large table in the uh, "topiary room" we'll call it (see photo).  Huge windows overlooking the strip, with gas fireplaces on the ledges --- very swank.Our server Josh was AMAZING.  He and his sidekick server Chris were very attentive and helpful, and clearly know the food and wines they're serving.  Josh even brought out a couple of things for us to try just because we had talked about them.  Truffle risotto?  I think the puddle of drool on my placemat alerted him to the fact that I might enjoy it.  He was right.  But I'm getting ahead of myself.First and foremost.  The bread.  I like bread.  I usually eat too much before my meal comes out.  Nove serves these little rosemary crispy breadstick things with a little bowl of olive oil, a little bowl of parmesan, and some red pepper flakes.  I may have eaten every single one on the table.  Which may have been enough to build a new house for one of The Three Little Pigs.  Instead, it just made this little piggie very happy.We kicked it off with a bunch of sashimi (at an Italian joint?  Yes, with olive oil and basil and salt and stuff) which was pretty darn good, and sliced really nice and thin.  Sticking with seafood we had the cannoli --- tuna tartare and crab versions.  Nummy.  I also ordered the arancini to share, and I thought they were great.  I wouldn't have complained about having a little more sauce though.  We shared the grilled asparagus as well as the aforementioned truffle risotto, and I had the beef carpaccio pizza as my main, which I was far too full to touch really.  That and the fact that it was covered in capers and aioli, which I wasn't prepared for and not too crazy about.  The crust was great, and the pizza very good, but I don't really do mayo on my pizza.For dessert I was so excited to see balsamico strawberries, but they were pretty disappointing.  However, there was a chocolate sampler platter that was out of this world.I think it's incredibly overpriced for what it is, but the decor and service definitely step it up a notch.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2007,10/20/2007,174,884,1,4,5>Friday night.  Good friends. Stripper Poles up on boxes in the middle of the floor.  Good times.I didn't discover there were other music rooms until the end of the night so I can only speak for the main room, but I enjoyed the music they played and it was a fun crowd.  Yes drinks were expensive and watered down but I expected that (and that's why you should buy a bottle and keep it in your room and drink before).  Wait on line was not too bad and we got in free.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2007,10/19/2007,139,86,4,2,3>FAQQ: Buffets are disgusting. Why would you go?A: Because of the plates and plates and plates of food you can get at the cost of a single 8 oz. New York steak at a upscale steak place. If there's something disgusting about boatloads of food at low prices, then I guess I'm disgusting.Q: I hear this place is MASSIVE how do I approach it?A: With a well-organized plan. Without a game plan you're going to be running around like a chicken with its head cut off and then it'll be a hassle and then you'll run to your computer and log-in to Yelp and write about how much you hate it.Stroll around the place first. Get the lay of the land. Then start at each sector and get a plate of food. Work on it. Then go back to the next sector. Carry on.Q: What is your record?A: I'm pretty sure it's 6 full plates of food. Plus some dessert. Tip: Drink water; soda will just fill you up.FYI ... There are shuttles from various casinos that go to the Rio. Huh? Which casinos have the shuttle? How the hell should I know. I'm not a concierge.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2007,10/18/2007,508,259,2,2,4>Well this little place is nestled in a strip mall on West Lake Mead Blvd and Buffalo. When you walk in it's made to look and feel like a wine cellar. The decorative walls are dark and seems faux stucco'd with brick and the smells of Italian and American Bistro. It's dark and lightly dimmed. They have like a tapas appetizer dish, and Penne Ala Vodka! asparagus, cheese, basil, prosciutto & served in a creamy pinkish vodka sauce. There's also Chicken Gorgonzola...Mmmm The food was served steaming and the different smells and flavors - definitely mouthwatering. The staff...ok so I got this thing...Nice atmosphere....then these damn kids....are clowning around - ok have fun at work. But dude...don't be flirting with your coworkers in public and picking each other up and being Homos. A. It's Distracting B. What if you're trying to get your game on?Over all good date place. Great food. Wine selection pretty good.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,10/17/2007,3617,1853,1,11,7>If you are craving KBBQ in Las Vegas, this places is open 24/7!It is large and each table has the BBQ built in the table with a full hood over it. Most of the tables are actually booths large enough to fit 6 people. The service is friendly and attentive. I was checked on several times.I went with Bulgogi ($21.95) , which came on a heated platter after I was served a large plate of salad leaf greens with a vinegar chili dressing, and 6 side dishes including potato salad, seaweed salad, spicy daikon, kimchee, and Age tofu slices,  The bulgogi was well marinated and served with grilled green and yellow onions, with sesame seeds and a little oil. Bowl of white rice and an OB beer completed the picture.Dae Jang Keum is the name of a woman of 400 years ago who served the royal queen in Korea as a famous and inventive cook. It is also the name of the lead character in a Korean Soap Drama about the same woman. The restaurant decided to name itself after her.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/10/2007,10/16/2007,1362,984,5,11,7>Friends were in town and they wanted to try the very popular Tao Restaurant.  (It's been reported that the Tao Restaurant is one of the highest gross-ranking restaurants in Vegas!)  Just as we were about to enter the hallway, this VERY large bouncer asks if he could help us and we mention we have reservations and then he allows us to proceed further.  Talk about intimidating, and this was for a 7 pm dinner!We were seated upstairs on the balcony overlooking the huge Buddha.  As menus were presented to us, the waitress asked if she could get us some water.  As I perused the flimsy two page menu, front and back, I didn't even know where to begin.  My fellow dining companions were quick to notice the 16 oz. Grilled Kobe Sirloin for $150 and the individually priced nigiri pieces ranging from $3-$15 a piece.The menu suggests that all items were going to be served family style, so we asked the waitress for a few suggestions.  I could barely hear her over the hum of the restaurant.  (I would not consider Tao to be romantic at all.)In the end we decided to start with four different appetizers and two entrees.  And this is what we got:Squab Lettuce Wraps ($14) - This came with five lettuce leaves.  A decent amount to fill all the leaves.  The squab mixture was a bit too moist and the BF found it too sweet.  I had squab juice stuff dripping all over my hands right off the bat.  There was a lot of flavor though and crunch, probably from the celery.Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth ($16) - A clay pot arrived with 5 lobster-filled wontons.  Very flavorful with slices of shittake mushrooms laid out too.  A very light and delicate dish.  Sashimi of Kobe Beef with Fresh Wasabi Sauce ($28) - Beautifully presented on a circular clear plate with herbs on top.  We couldn't determine if they were already sliced apart or what, but with the meat being so delicate, just grab a piece and pull and the meat will tear gently apart.  Lovely taste and clean.  However, I didn't recall a wasabi sauce or flavor to it.Pork Spring Roll with Thai Chili Sauce ($11) - This order came with 3 triangles filled with pork, so we requested another order so we could all have a taste.  The spring roll was decent, nothing particular special about it.  The Thai chili sauce tasted store bought though.Miso Glazed Chilean Sea Bass with Wok Vegetables ($34) - Very good, but I guess the better question is when have you had a bad piece of Chilean sea bass?Roasted Thai Buddha Chicken ($26) - We must have misheard the waitress because we thought she said it came in a coconut curry.  It did not, but rather a sweet sauce with about five pieces of chicken in it, including the drumstick.  It was okay, nothing particularly special about it.Jasmine White Rice ($4) - Of course we had to order some rice!  We got two orders which is just enough for four people who aren't heavy rice eaters.Overall, the food was good.  Definitely overpriced though, and it's catered to a certain kind of clientele.  You'll be amused to find things like Kung Pao Chicken ($26) and Grilled Prime Porterhouse with Wasabi Dipping Sauce ($88) on the same menu.  We decided to pass on dessert as the waitress-recommended Giant Fortune Cookie ($10) or Fuji Apple Springroll ($8) didn't appeal to us enough.  (We actually drove over to Luv-It Frozen Custard instead!)Service is a huge component of what makes this experience worth it or not, and Tao fails in this department.  I was not impressed with the chatty young waiters who dropped (not placed) the silverware onto the table, reached across the BF to put things in front of me, and who 'hid' the menus behind my guest on his chair.  (Uh, who does that?!)  As they moved our glasses and silverware to make room for our dishes, they did it in such an unorganized and messy fashion.  I felt like I was staring at someone's hands trying to do a card trick.  I'm used to the staff performing such tasks in an unnoticed way as to not disrupt the private conversation the dining guests are having.  The waitstaff should take a few lessons from Rosemary's Restaurant's waitstaff.  That's what I call service!At the very end of our meal, someone did come by and ask if everything was okay.  And it was...just okay.  They asked if we were going to the club afterward and I said yes and asked if they had any passes.  What they do have is a "line pass," which is really a simple stamp on your inner left wrist so you can supposedly bypass the long line outside.  However, you will still have to pay cover.  (I think this part is rather ridiculous.  They should at least offer a discount on the cover instead.)  With the stamp being so simple, a washing of my hands right after dinner washed it right off.  Not the best pass I would say.  Tao Restaurant is the kind of place you say you've been to and that's it.    There are better places where service is valued higher.$185 total, including tip and tax, no drinks
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/1/2007,10/15/2007,289,378,6,6,2>I slept 4 hours this weekend. 3 of them here. ;)Good for sleeping.No fridge in the room.Nice pool and river thing - but to rent a donut its $14Spa facilites use is only $22, book way ahead for treatments - there is a 2 for 1 coupon.Good for sleeping. Cant type anymore.... ZZzzzzZZZClick Post It. Wait. I'm still typing. My head hurts.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,10/14/2007,95,134,13,1,8>Where do all the brilliant legal minds stay when they are in Vegas for a conference?  At the Hard Rock Hotel, clearly.  Actually, when the admin lady at my firm told me where I would be staying I think she said something more along the lines of:  "Well, I know the conference is at the Four Seasons, but I booked you at the Hard Rock Hotel!  That's where all the young kids stay these days--it has a pool, a bar, and a casino!"  (I didn't have the heart to tell her that the Four Seasons has all those things, too.)Awesome.  Not only do I have an uphill battle to prove to opposing counsel, that no, I'm not in court because it's "bring your daughter to work day," but now I gotta somehow prove that I'm Four Seasons worthy to my firm, too.  Maybe when I make partner...blarf.And, turns out, not just "young kids" stay here.  On my way to my room, after a hellish couple of days at work, an ok flight, and getting smacked in the face with the Vegas heat, one of the casino patrons decided that I needed a little smack somewhere else!   Yep, mama got goosed.  The gooser was, in fact, likely an early 20s frat boy, but his DAD, who was so mortified by his son's behavior, was not.  However, good ole' dad may want to look at his own behavior if he is baffled by his son's, cuz although he apologized profusely, he also tried to "buy me off" and gave me $50 worth of chips and called me "sweetheart."  Um...I left it for housekeeping.I think housekeeping deserves it more than my ass does.  So, in terms of "older people" there was the Mob-Boss-Dad, me, and ahh, yes.  How could I forget the old guy in my room?  After the goose-pay-off episode, I trekked up to my room only to find that it was being, um ....vigorously occupied.  Yikes!  No!! I don't want to see this!!  ...Wait, er...where is her other leg?  Shit.  She must do yoga.  Fuck!! Abort, Abort!!! Old man balls!!!!!To the people of 261:  Bravo to you--especially to the old man for baggin' such a flexible kitten.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2007,10/13/2007,538,588,10,13,15>Jimbo DIED and went to PINBALL HEAVEN ! ! !Pinball ALERT !PINBALL Alert !pinBall alErt !This place is about one thing and one thing only:  PINBALL !!!  I saved my 400th review for this gem.  This would be Pinball HELL if I was stuck here with no quarters...I should also mention I have a bi-coastal list of pinball spots here:  yelp.com/list_details?liThe closest (i would assume) to the Pinball Hall of Fame in LV is LUCKY Ju Ju in Alameda, Carlifornia (see: yelp.com/biz/0QlH001-Szz ), which I hope to get to see for myself before heading back to NYC.Why can't they have something like this in every major city in the United Staes? Pinball machines are works of ART in their own right from the translite work, to the cabinet art work, to the back box, and upon the playfield. I especially LOVE the art on the machines from the 50's. I think I've found my mission in life...The Pinball Hall of Fame is about 20 minutes from the Strip if you're coming from the Mandalay Bay area.  Parking is plentiful in this non-descript strip mall.  On the two occasions I visited there were only a handful of people playing the various machines.  Most of them are VERY well maintained, cleaned, polished, restored, and in excellent working order for machines that are on 24/7.  This place is a labor of love and it shows.  All proceeds go to charity - I believe the Salvation Army.  I'll update the review eventually with all of the machines I got to play.  However my all-time favorite is:    + The Pinball Circus (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )There are only two of these in the world and the Pinball Hall of Fame has ONE of them!!!  This machine is awesome!  It's unique in that Midway created a machine that was upright and vertical in the same way as other coin-op video games versus the traditional horizontal playfield.  There's three different playfields and at least 7 flippers on this particular pin.  Incredibly unique and incredibly fun to play for $1.00 per game.  I was able to get 2 free games based on one credit. All I know is that if this game were still on the open resale market or available brand new, I'd have one in my house!  I love it that much.  Too bad Midway is now out of business.  I really wish this machine was not just a limited prototype and was actually mass produced.  Most of the old-school pinball machines (ie: electro-mechanical (EM's)) are $.25.  The solid-state machines are either $.50 or $.75 per game.  Unfortunately, I didn't get to play all 170+ machines.  Each one has a different "personality" and set of rules.  I could easily waste the entire day at this place. The machines I typically gravitate to and would be compelled to collect are those produced in the 90's like:    + Addams Family (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )   + Scared Stiff (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )   + Star Wars (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )For those produced after the Year 2000 - all produced by STERN (see: sternpinball.com ):    + High Roller Casino (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )   + The Simpsons Pinball Party (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )   + Spiderman (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= ) The Electro-Mechanicals (EM's) are a special breed of machine that doesn't have all the gadgets or high speed of the newer solid state machines.  The best value for your quarter can be found in the EM's.  While I have a preference for the later generation machines, it's so easy to appreciate the old school EM machines because of the great care put into maintaining and upkeep of these beautiful machines.  My favs:      + Kings and Queens (see: ipdb.org/machine.cgi?id= )    + others...I absolutely LOVE the Pinball Hall of Fame.  If you're in Sin City and not a golfer, gambler, or shopper and looking for something unique to see and experience, check out the Pinball Hall of Fame!  Absolute 5 STARS...pix laters!  =P
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,10/12/2007,6,505,2,2,3>Prost!Not as huge as the O.G. one in Munchen, but just as fun!Get a 1 Liter beer for 8 bucks and prepare to get wasted!  Nice souvineer shop as well to get replica mugs and other apparel.  At night, fun times are had with entertaining music and everyone in the bar is friendly.I never really ate here, except for a big azz pretzel, as a few of them beers will make you full.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,10/11/2007,455,181,2,1,3>The food is really good and really expensive, but for a really good reason.  I was with a large party, so our food took forever.  Literally, two hours.  I ended up leaving to go to a club, but the Kobe fillet was even good cold when I ate it later that night in my room.  How I got back to my room, well that's another story...
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,10/10/2007,0,0,2,2,2>4 stars just for the sports bar.  It's in this weird dome (it's actually called The Dome) that looks like Troy McClure's house on the Simpsons.  Considering that the Simpsons have lampooned outdated monstrosities like Epcot Center and the Sunsphere in Knoxville, you think they would have targeted this thing.  It's a bizarre structure, but you get a nice view of Fremont Street.  You feel like you're outdoors, but you aren't.  So you get to sit in Naugahyde booths or ultra modern multi-colored IKEA-style furniture.  Yes, this place is a bizarre mish-mash of styles through the decades, with sports memorabilia thrown on top.And the icing on cake:  $2 Crown Royal on the rocks.  You think Korean tour buses would be wrapped outside this place.As for the rest of the place, it's dated and run down.  The escalator is surrounded by mirrored walls and crystal chandeliers.  It's an 80s time machine.  I was waiting for Ann Jillian and Crystal Bernard to take my drink order.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,10/9/2007,370,482,6,6,7>It's surprisingly hard to find a place on the Strip that still serves breakfast after 11 a.m.  Come on, we're in VEGAS!  No one goes to bed before 3 a.m. here!  Do we really have to be up and out of the hotel room by 10 a.m. for a decent breakfast meal?That's how we ended up at La Creperie.  They actually had a crepe (the "Du Soleil") with veggies, scrambled egg, cheese and bechamel sauce on top.  Not the best crepe I've ever had, but fulfilled the egg requirement and was pretty tasty overall.  There was a fruity one that would have sufficed for breakfast as well, but I needed the protein.Service was fast and friendly, and prices are better here than most places we found.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2007,10/8/2007,68,62,6,5,4>My boyfriend and I went to Vegas a little over a month ago (I am playing an online poker tournament as I write this review), where we did lots of eating and gambling... and walking. Everything there is immense: a shopping center has a hundred stores, a hotel lobby has a thousand slot machines and a variety of other betting opportunities. To get from our hotel room to the street took about fifteen minutes each day. Then, to get from the street to another hotel where we could eat something took at least twenty minutes of brisk New York walking. All to say that Vegas can be a tiring place. Luckily, the Deuce changes everything. If you know their slogan and say it over and over to yourself when you're bored in an elevator or on your way to sleep, like I do, you'll know how it works:Have fun, stay out of the sun. Ride the Deuce--two dollars one way, five dollars all day. Exact change required. (I guess if you knew what "deuce" meant you'd also have an idea of the pricing.) The Deuce makes stops along the strip at all the hotels and comes pretty frequently. It runs, obviously, at all hours. For all this, though, I feel I am being generous by giving it four stars. Here's why: Though in Vegas you can play blackjack with a hooker on your lap or get married in a food court, YOU CANNOT BRING BEVERAGES ONTO THE BUS. And I'm not talking about a can of beer here; I mean coffee. With a top on it. That cost three dollars b/c of the insane price inflation in Vegas. I was informed of this insane rule (and forced to throw out my newly purchased coffee) by the Transit Ambassador for the Deuce, who was standing at the bus stop watching people board the bus at 11 a.m. one day. If you need a job, Vegas is the place to be.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2007,10/7/2007,694,567,8,13,8>GET AWESOME! Where can you find an atmosphere like Pink Taco? Where? Um, nowhere. This place has awesome taco's. I love the shrimp taco, it's delicious. The signature home pink taco wasn't too bad. Becareful not to make the mistake of eating the chips and salsa, your stomach will explode, don't get me wrong, they are good, but save room for the main course. The margaritas are great, when in groups, order the pitcher and CAUTION yourself when pouring, you might spill. Sorry...Carla, you can do better next time. Oh, almost forgot, keep for eyes wide open...you will see drunks, more drunks, and yourself. The girls aren't bad either. I'm coming here again in September. I can't wait!
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,10/6/2007,32,331,6,1,2>I eat a lot.  Every so often I get to have a meal that takes it to the next level.  Bouchon was definitely that meal.In the tacky wonderland that is Vegas, it is so tucked away that if you subscribe to Retards Monthy (as I do), you won't even be able to find it.  It's all hard wood, high ceilings and soft lighting, opening out onto a veranda.  I don't remember as much about the food as I should, but I remember tasting the Keller influence.  God, I love that man.  He makes food so evocative.  Like, it will remind you of the best thing your mom ever cooked, without actually tasting like it.  Please don't mock.  I mean it.  Anyway, I do remember the texture of the pork belly.  All crispy crackly on top, giving way to tender fatty goodness below.  (Homer Simpson noise here.)Also awesome was pointing out to my friend that there were some whores a few tables down from us.  I thought them waaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy too good looking to be with the douchebags they were supping with.  Then my former best friend noted that one of the douchebags they were with owned the Kings and the Palms.  Mr. Maloof's identity was confirmed by our waiter.  Shcore.  Pseudo celebrity siting.  Anyway.  Go here.  It's a welcome respite from the tacky hustle and bustle of most of the Vegas strip.  You'll feel all civilized and shit.  Also, if you go, I will be your whore for the evening.  Provided you pay for dinner, of course.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,10/5/2007,75,148,1,4,2>ladies!!!  this is the place to be on sunday nights because the ratio of men to women is about 5 to 1.  they play the usual mix of hip hop/80s.  when "party like a rockstar" comes on, the club goes CRAZY!  it gets crowded but i had a blast here.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2007,10/4/2007,36,29,3,4,3>SOOO I finally went to this much anticipated SPA and had an overall great time. I didn't have the money to spend on the special treatments QUA offered, but I did have enough to enjoy the spa's roman baths and etc. I will try my best to list the pros and cons:Everything was very classy and upscale. However, come on...even though the name is spa, roman baths, etc etc...we all KNOW it's a freaking bathhouse...the romans may have done it ages ago, but us asians have also done it for ages and ages. :P ANYWAYS, I'm a veteran of Korean and Japanese bathhouses, and this one is on the top of list in terms of luxury (along with this one awesome bathhouse I went to in Japan). I loved the soft music in the background and the awesome decor of the place. It was truly relaxing and very peaceful. The roman baths were great, but nothing spectacular. The area where the roman baths are located had these cool heating chairs where people can just relax and take a nap or read a mag. Unfortunately, one of the chairs was not working, and I happened to sit in that particular one. It took me a long time to realize what was so special about the chairs...The tea room was also very nice. I kept on going back and forth from the tea room, to the baths, to the sauna,  to the tea room... etc etc. I lazily lounged on their couches while I drank my cranberry juice...and then my tomato juice...and then my water...:) It was awesome. One little thing i found annoying was that every so often, a working attendant would come with new customers and say, "this is the tea lounge where blah blah." I shouldn't complain b/c I was given that same tour when I first entered the spa, but yeah..after awhile it got a tad annoying.Another great feature of this spa is the three rooms: aromatic steam room, snow room, and dry sauna room. My mother LOVED the aromatic steam room and forced me to stay in there while the steam suffocated us. I personally thought the aroma was overpowering to the point of serious suffocation, but I miraculously managed to stay alive by covering my head with a towel and breathing through a cup filled with ice. haha. It's amazing how the 'older' asian generation can keep up with all the steam...for the love of beauty...incredibleAnyways, after the steam room we headed to the snow room, and that was nice at first. I was marveling at the snow that was gently falling down from the ceiling until I realized that it wasn't actually really snow....It's not even ice...it's more like..bubbles or something..or maybe the snow melted...i dunno...the room was nice nonetheless, and the cold wasn't too bad either..rather very refreshing.The shower rooms were very nice as well. Each was equipped with towels and shaving cream, body wash, shampoo and conditioner. The only thing confusing about this was wondering if each room was occupied or not. You seriously cannot tell, unless the person locks the door.  Lastly, the powder room was very well equipped with all the things one needs to use after a shower (minus facial moisturizers & q-tips). The only thing about this one was that the combs and brushes the spa provides you with (which are all kept in the sterilizer) were full of hair...now I know they are sterilized, but yeah, I could not get myself to use them...Ok, so that was it. To sum it all up. Very nice and luxurious. Prices INCREASED from 35 (?!) to 45...sucked...I think it is a tad overpriced for what it has to offer. If you think about it, all it comes down to is this: roman bath, three rooms (snow, steam, dry), tea room and shower. I KNOW i can the same thing in the asian spas all over Korea and Japan for half the price...but knowing that we are in America..perhaps this price is reasonable. For now, I'll leave it as this: great experience...but didn't feel genuinely like I got my money's worth...maybe it's just me:)
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,10/3/2007,21,135,,8,3>Not so long ago, Picasso was frequently cited as one of the best, if not the best, restaurant in Las Vegas. It has since been surpassed, but remains a delight. The worst of my courses was good, and two of the courses (roasted foie gras steak; warm chocolate fondant with peanut brittle ice cream) were excellent. It's not just that each course is so good; each of the components of a course is good. Add in the paintings, beautiful floral displays, and the Bellagio fountains, and you've got a winner.The menu is fixed price, offering either a four or five course meal. Wine pairings are available. The space is beautiful, with Picasso's (what else) gracing the walls. Huge floral displays add to the beauty. Lastly, there's a view of the Bellagio fountains. Service is efficient and friendly, and the wine steward does a great job of explaining each wine.We started out with olive bread (very good) and an amuse bouche of smoked salmon with Osetra caviar, finely diced cucumber, all on some sort of thin baked cracker - also very good.I got the menu degustation plus a wine pairing - 2 and 1/2 ounces of four wines, one for each course except dessert. I had:* Jonah Crab Salad: a small amount of fine bits of crab in a very light vinaigrette. Very good.* Diver scallop: a single large sauteed scallop sitting in a pool of potato mousseline and another sauce. * Roasted foie gras steak. This was superb! The best I've had. Slightly crisp, super flavorful, melt in your mouth.* Turbot with mushroom duxelles - excellent. The fish was flavorful and moist. The mushroom duxelles were also delicious.* Warm chocolate fondant with peanut brittle ice cream. The ice cream was excellent. The fondant - a thin, crispy, small cupcake filled with semi-liquid chocolate. Both the cupcake and the filling had wonderfully rich, intense, dark chocolate. This was to die for - perhaps the best dessert I've ever had.* The meal ended with a few small cookies.Picasso offers a winning combination of food, atmosphere and service, at a price which no longer seems so extravagant when compared to some of the newer restaurants in town.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2007,10/2/2007,29,32,11,1,1>I am to this buffet like George Bush is to Iraq.We have no exit strategy.Seriously, I made like a bat and virtually consumed my own body weight in a single feeding*, most of it comprising of miniature flans and creme brulees. And since I'm sure you must be fascinated by this, I will list for you all the things I gorged myself with:SushiCocktail ShrimpPrime RibRibsFried ChickenRoast BeefIce CreamCupcakesAs you can see, I am an efficient eater and I waste no time on things like bread and pasta. Those are just fillers, and if you're going to pay $35 on a buffet, hell, eat your money's worth. Which is saying a lot for this former vegetarian on a diet. But I'm paying for it because I feel really bad for eating all those animals, plus I think I got heartburn for eating too fast. But I starved myself all day to come here to eat, and, if I may use another George Bush analogy, MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!*It's true, google it yourself!
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,10/1/2007,237,253,4,5,7>If I could summarize the overall experience at this restaurant I would say: Perfection.If you are planning a trip to Las Vegas, you must go to this restaurant.The Jordan's have in my opinion the prefect restaurant for any occasion.  Everything here is stellar.  Food, presentation, ambiance, service.  If I could give this establishment more than 5 stars I would.This past weekend was my second visit to Rosemary's and I was just in shock that any place could maintain such excellence.Food tried:Complimentary Dinner rolls- (addictive, freshly baked in house and just plain wrong on so many levels.)Appetizers-Prosciutto Wrapped Sonoma Goat Cheese Stuffed Figs.  (Warm, soft, delicate, complex flavors that linger.  Very Satisfying...but somewhat on the heavier side, although the figs provide a good balance.)Hugo's Texas BBQ Shrimp(Unbelievable-  The shrimp, the sauce, the bed of Blue Cheese Slaw.....I am sure Jesus dines on this every night.)Smoke Duck Breast Salad(The most perfectly cooked duck I have ever tried.  The assortment of berries and greens were a perfect match to the duck.)Roasted Rack of Lamb(Served Medium Rare....the most tender delicious meat I have had in a while.  I have ordered this twice and so far, both times it has been one of the most satisfying entrees I have ever had.)DessertApple Tart w/cinnamon ice cream.  Good, although after such a big meal, next to impossible to truly enjoy since I had stuffed myself.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2007,9/30/2007,935,1053,9,6,10>I'm not really a big club guy, maybe it's because I'm not a player (or is it playa?  I can never keep track of what the kids say these days)  I hate lines, I hate cover charges, and I hate $12 drinks that should be $6. On this night I didn't have to worry about these things thanks to a friend of a friend of a friend who got us in without waiting and without a cover (we were more than happy to give him a nice tip though)  So we walk past the line and I'm feeling like Wayne and Garth holding up their backstage passes in Wayne's World.We get up to Moon and I'm thinking "Maybe I should change my whole anti-club attitude!" This place was great - awesome music, some outdoor space with amazing views of Vegas and one floor down, the Playboy Club - a casino that features Playboy bunnies as dealers.  Did I mention that I'm also not much of a gambler?  I'm thinking that might be changing as well...
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,9/29/2007,433,119,7,4,6>Ah yes, Circo. Well, this place is not for everyone. I wouldn't exactly say you get a lot for your buck, but what you do get is amazing lamb chops and steaks. Side dishes are above par, and the wine is too, but you do pay. My first visit there, with my friends (party of five) came out to about $600.00, but that was partly due to some expensive wines. The location is superb. If you have ever been the Belagio and have seen the water show from the sidewalk, well in Circo, you see the show from your seat inside and it is fabulous. (Oh no I di'int just use the word fabulous)My first of two visits here was a few years ago when Ocean's 11 was being filmed and as we were chowing, in walks Clooney and two hot trophey's in tow. This is definitely a place stars visit. Food really is good and if price is no object to you, then the good service and food make it worth it. Of course, there are a lot of choices in Vegas, this place just happens to have a great location.  Ask for a window seat. Of course, if price is a factor, keep looking.Sometimes a $12.00 Prime Rib casino buffet tastes as good as a $100.00 dinner. As long as you don't mind sitting next to a woman with pink sweats, a fanny-pack, Herbie The Love Bug T-shirt and a Stratosphere pink visor and her hubby that has a gut the size of Rhode Island, but still insists on tucking his undersized Nascar Tshirt in, sporting his name on his belt buckle while wearing socks in his sandals.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,9/28/2007,116,160,7,27,15>Wow.  I've seen three or four Cirque shows, and this one was one of the best.  Well, they're all amazing, but this one was great.  Some of the other shows are more heavy on the acrobatics and less on the artsy stuff.  Love is really artsy.  It's also kind of interactive, in a really cool way.I was really excited when stuff fell on us.  I think other people have done a good job of describing the show, so the purpose of my review will be the following:  I AM GOING TO INSTRUCT YOU WHERE TO SIT IF YOU WANT STUFF TO FALL ON YOU.  I'm talking about confetti and stuff.  It's awesome.  During this lesson, please refer to the seating chart, which I have conveniently uploaded to the photos section of this review.  SO.  We were seated in the green "expensive" seats, in section 200.  Stuff fell on us.  The best places to sit are in 101, 102, 107, 108, and the first row of 200, 201, 202, 207, 208 and 209.  I'm not sure if stuff fell into the other green sections, but I KNOW it fell in the areas I mentioned.  When I called to make the reservations, the woman on the phone knew nothing about which seats are good, or which seats were in the line of confetti fire.  That, my friends, is what Yelp is for.  You're welcome.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2007,9/27/2007,38,0,1,4,4>Throughout my young life, I've dealt with a number of health problems. I've been through a load of tests, including the dreaded and notorious spinal tap. Among other maladies, I suffer from Epstein-Barr, seizures and a minor heart condition.I'm telling you this because if you're like me, and your body's been through a lot, you may be a little sensitive to what you see at Bodies. Heck, it may be too much for you even if you don't have health issues. But you are appropriately warned before you enter, and I think most people know what they'll be looking at before they go. Still, it was difficult for me to shake the constant reminder that I was looking at corpses. These were real, sentient people with names and families. Elderly people; children and babies are manipulated and posed like mannequins, but their organs, skeletons and various systems are mapped before your eyes. And that's breathtaking. The natural detail of our hearts, our brains, and just our bodies in general prompted me to step back and just admire the biology and anatomy of a human.I cringed when we passed a specimen that had, like me, undergone a spinal tap. Squinting, I could discern that familiar pinpoint hole. Walking through the organ section, we saw a specimen of a healthy spleen juxtaposed with a spleen of an Epstein-Barr patient. It was swollen to nearly twice the size of a healthy spleen. These sights were a lot to handle. Again, I'm explaining this in a very personal way simply to stress that it can have the  same effect on you if you or someone you love has certain conditions.But that's not necessarily a bad thing. Perhaps uncomfortable, but fascinating to see how the body deals with disease. How it works like an intricate machine just to do something as seemingly simple as taking a breath. How unhealthy choices can impact so many vital parts. Indeed, one message the exhibit clearly strives to convey is to treat your body well. The benefits of doing so are described in the exhibits posed playing soccer or rowing a boat. The detriments of unhealthy habits are showcased as well. Naturally, the exhibit features a comparison of a lung with emphysema versus a healthy one. Beside that display is a receptacle in which many people were so moved they were prompted toss their cigarettes away. I could go on and on about what you'll see at the exhibition, but rather than rattle on, I'll just recommend you see it. It's relatively affordable, particularly if you're a local or you bring a student ID (or both!). You'll get so much out of it. It's educational, of course, but I think you'll be amazed and, if you're like me, you'll feel sort of united with humanity. We all run on the same engine. We all started out the same way. And when we die, we're all just bodies.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2007,9/26/2007,55,57,5,7,8>This is a great restaurant in LV that's not in a large hotel! Not only do they do wine pairings, but they also do beer pairings. How cool is that?? Besides, it is so close to my name that I had to try it! I still have yet to try RM @ Mandalay...LOL. =)A lot of the items on their menu just sound ridiculously good. Their Foie Gras was excellent. I came here for dinner, but it sounds like lunch or ladies' night is the way to go if you can get a table.I'm sure I will be back to this fine restaurant!
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2007,9/25/2007,46,142,1,2,6>I I could give 10 stars I would because here is my story.....so my sister, mother and grandmother plan a girl trip to Vegas in mid June (btw best time to go cause of the prices)we decide to book our whole package through expedia.com and choose a regular lake view roomwell our flight out was canceled and we were put on the later 10:20PM flight. I called Bellagio letting them know that we would arrive after midnight and they were absolutely graciousso we get there and we check in and the clerk says you can use the elevator behind the velvet curtain over thereokayI look at the room number and its above floor 20 so I'm thinking great we will have a great view of the fountain i hope.we get to our floor and the room door are very very far apart so we make our way down to our room and I'm thinking is this the right floorwe open the door and OMG they put us in the two bedroom penthouse suite!!!!!!!!!!!!!! we had 7 TVs 5 bathrooms a living room, dining room, two hot tubs and the list goes on and on.....I immediately put on the robe and slippers and do a dance.my mom asks......"how much WAS this?!?" I said it was what i said but i think they made a mistake.......my mom said don't you Dare say anything i love this!!!!!I swear it was bigger than my house!floor to ceiling windows what a wonderful experience!the beds were so confortable and guess what if you really like anything in the room you can buy itthank you expedia and thank you Bellagio!!!!!!!
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2007,9/24/2007,268,881,,7,5>My review is for the LOUNGE part of the restaurant. My boyfriend and I were staying at the Stratosphere and looking for somewhere to hang out and have a drink. He mentioned the lounge at the top of the tower and I reluctantly agreed. I'm scared of heights but I was curious to check it out. It's normally $6 for hotel guests to gain access to the top of the tower, but since we were going to the lounge, it was free and we were able to go through a private entrance with a separate elevator. It was pretty cool.. it felt a little VIP even though it wasn't ;) You do have to go through a small security check before you can ride to the top.Once we got to the top (the trip up took about 2 minutes), we exited the elevator and saw the view. Immediate vertigo.. it's such a weird feeling. The lounge is very dark and lit by little blue lights.. it's nice and intimate. You can sit wherever you want for the most part. They have a nice selection of martinis. Drinks are reasonable.. we expected them to be pricey but my martini was $10. It's a one drink per person minimum which isn't bad at all. The view is breathtaking. I think it would be so cool to watch the sun set up there. The kind of scary thing is that the place shakes a bit every few minutes. You get used to it while seated, but I walked around and freaked out a bit when it shook. We stayed for almost two hours. It would be really fun with a small group.I think it would be nice to eat in the restaurant, but I had a look at the menu and none of the offerings suit my tastes. Duck and whatnot, and pretty pricey. I like that the restaurant slowly rotates.. unfortunately the lounge doesn't.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,9/23/2007,0,0,10,7,9>Now I normally don't do buffets. And my reason is very specific. I don't want to be viewed as another opulent, excessive, over indulgent, gun-toting,  buffet-eating, lazy American! Mind you, it's mainly people in other countries who view us this way; but in my weird little brain, I feel that I will be judged by them somehow if I cross the hallowed doors of a buffet. So I literally had not been to one in at least four years. However, The Buffet at the Bellagio is the buffet to beat all buffets! I mean seriously! First of all, in anticipation of going to The Buffet (and meeting new boys) I fasted for five days. By the time my ass was in that line, I was downright giddy! I of course chose the unlimited champagne option...I'm no fool! The food was REALLY good. And trust me I know good food. They had a miso glazed salmon that was out of this world. There were three kinds of salmon actually...I had them all...I like salmon! The hand rolled sushi was great. The beef tenderloin was great. The omelets were great. Everything was great. And believe me, I know..I tried almost everything!The set-up of the food stations is designed perfectly for traffic flow. You can easily dart around someone at the salad station (what kind of amateur gets a salad at a buffet?!?) to get to the "made to order" omelets station. And the staff is friendly...especially the Keno lady! My only gripe was our server was a little slow on getting me my mimosas. She FORCED me to double fist the entire time! I will definitely be going back to The Buffet. Just call me a typical gun totin', buffet eating, lazy American. God Bless America!
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2007,9/22/2007,54,181,5,3,2>Why oh why do bars like this not exist in Texas?  Considering I like to think of myself as a vodka connoisseur, this is the best and classiest bar I have ever been to.  The selection is amazing and the service, impecable.  I so very deeply wanted to pay the $200 bottle service to be able to go inside the fancy vodka vault and take shots off the head of Lenin, but I convinced myself this wasn't a reasonable purchase for me.I did, however, spend $90 on the best martinis ever (one drink turned into six) and walked 2 miles home barefoot on the Las Vegas strip.  If you like bananas, try the Russkie.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,9/21/2007,39,112,2,4,4>I must admit I came here expecting a broken down carnival akin to the now-defunct Exotic World Burlesque Hall of Fame. But ultimately the Liberace Museum, underneath the mirrors, sequins, and rhinestones, is a surprisingly earnest tribute to one of the most flamboyant Vegas performers.The level of "supervision" from the staff borders on ridiculous at times, constantly reminding you to not use flash photography. What, the flash will destroy the rhinestones?If you don't know much about Liberace, you'll soon learn his family history and candelabra-inspired rise to stardom. The amount of items and Liberace history is just the right amount. Spread over two separate buildings, you'll get to see a sampling of Lee's outrageous cars, costumes, and pianos.This is not to say the museum is not kitschy - there's more bling in this place than on the set of a Li'l Jon video shoot. But unexpectedly, I left the museum with a new respect for Liberace - the original Elton John.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2007,9/19/2007,238,397,4,5,5>Four single(esque) girls in Vegas over Labor Day weekend?Yeah, you know how it goes....After doing some sneaky maneuvering to the front of the line, we were "granted" entrance into what had to be THE spot to be on Friday night.As it was the opening night, it was doubly packed!  The main floor was packed wall to wall with beautiful people, all waiting in anticipation for Britney Spears....not.  Strangely enough, we got in just as she was making her grand entrance.  What overrated nonsense.  Paying someone thousands of dollars to show up for 5 minutes and say hello....bleh.Anyway, the club itself is fantastic!   Plenty of space to hold the large crowds (upstairs was a lot more comfortable to dance in) and quick bartender service!  DJ AM was spinning and he was actually REALLY good!A definite must see for those who have not been there yet!  Hottest new club in Vegas...just be prepared to wait...it's the Vegas way!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,9/17/2007,77,83,3,2,1>First of all, Downtown Las Vegas is NOT dead. It is under "cultural reconstruction." Golden Nugget is a Las Vegas gem. I know my papa hung down here in his day and I feel a bit nostalgic hanging in the same spots. The fixtures I am sure have changed a bit, but they still feel a bit old school, and the rooms have that old Vegas feel as well. The suites are awesome. Actually, I have never seen the regular rooms, so maybe the entire hotel is suites. I like the poker crowd here as well...they all seem to be better players than on the strip. I've seen a few pros at the big table, and a few big shot athletes too! Unfortunately, they were playing at the big boys table and I was at the kiddie's. The location is great for downtown bars, and I suggest getting a room on First Friday's. You can party all night then crash at a hotel room as opposed to crashing on the freeway at four am. Just a safety suggestion. The Golden Nugget is a classic visit downtown and worth checking out if you are in the area.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,9/16/2007,56,286,1,5,5>Thank you Chef Barry for the most amazing meal and your hospitality!  Every single item he prepared was delicious, from the popcorn shrimp to the banana cream pie (with oreo cookie crust!).  This was my second time at N9NE, but this meal truly blew my mind.   I was completely gushing after this meal.  Chef Barry created a tasting menu for us off the regular menu.  We started with a chilled seafood plate with a lobster claw, a peeled shrimp, a crab leg and an oyster -- so fresh and so delectable.  We shared a sashimi plate and the popcorn shrimp -- amazingly tasty.  Loved the garbage salad and the french onion soup.   But the main courses are why this place deserves 5 plus stars --- the filet mignon was maybe the best steak I've ever had -- it was perfectly cooked and seasoned and just melted in my mouth like butter.  Simply A-MAZ-ING -- so amazing that my vegetarian friend ate 2 pieces!!  Seriously.  The scallops were to die for and even the salmon (which you'd think would not be so interesting) was incredible -- really tasty with an asian/miso type marinade.  SO GOOD!The new york strip was fabulous, as were the lobster mashed potatoes, creamed corn and even the fries.  For dessert, we had the aforementioned banana cream pie on an oreo cookie crust and this moist carrot cake.  Simply divine.  I'm gushing even now.I really don't think I can eat anywhere else after this.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2007,9/15/2007,44,335,5,4,5>A clumsily hand lettered missive on the front of the building that houses the Double Down Saloon declares it the Happiest Place on Earth.  The folks at that one theme park may take umbrage to that statement, but anyone who's ever spent a night pouring Ass Juice down their gaping maw won't hesitate to agree.  A night at the Double Down always has the potential to be the best night you'll never remember you had.Nestled away in the Fruit Loop, across from UNLV and next to various car rental lots, the Double Down looks a little bit like a place you might not want to go to, unless places you might not want to go to are your thing.  Murals by local artists slither up the walls which are liberally papered with stickers touting local and touring punk, psychobilly, and genre transcending bands.  When the live acts aren't playing (almost every night of the week, and never a cover), the inimitable juke spews forth classics that get the entire bar singing (not that that should always be the case.  We all know the words to London Calling, we don't all need to sing them), along with tunes you've never heard that turn your ear on its edge.Despite the bar's national recognition, the vibe is still uniquely local.  Owner Moss strives to maintain a neighborhood bar atmosphere despite widespread popularity.  The bartenders are the nicest jerks you'll ever meet and will remember your name and what you like to drink as long as you're not a douche.  If you ARE a douche, they'll kick you out and doubly remember your name and what your face looked like before they made the bouncer maul it.  (Oh, c'mon kids, that was a joke.  I've never actually seen anyone's face mauled by anything other than a girl's mouth at 5 AM after too many Long Island Iced Teas.)I spent the year after I left my ex-husband for throwing a processed meat stick at my head (true story!) sowing my wild oats at this place.  Oh, and well sewn they were!  Whether it was a quiet afternoon drink or twelve with a girlfriend and my favorite bartender or a Saturday-night-merging-into-Sunday-morning mania with a girlfriend and her girlfriend and a few boyfriends on the side, the Down never ceased to give me a good time.Weekend nights can be prohibitively crowded if you're not too keen on bumping an amalgam of subculture hinies, and during conventions a few groups of people in ties and lanyards always make it down and end up throwing a few back to the chant of, "What happen in Vegas...." you know the rest.  If you're not keen on the crowds, I say dip into the cess pool that is the Down during Happy Hour, which is my favorite time to hit the old stomping grounds.  Scott the bartender's Chili Sundays are classic (these aren't announced, you just have to be in the loop), and don't forget to bring something with you to write something derogatory about your ex on the bathroom wall, or to defend your own honor if need be.  After a few nights at the Double Down, you just may need to.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,9/14/2007,84,199,3,4,3>I was in charge of a bachelor party and needed to get enough food to a hotel to feed 18 guys before heading out for an evening's debauchery.  I asked around town, and the results were unanimous:Two Vegas Yelpers: "Metro Pizza."Waitress at the TI pool: "Metro Pizza."Cabbie: "Metro Pizza, and then let me take you to Treasures, they got the hottest girls in town."Kandi at Treasures: "Metro Pizza."So I went with Metro Pizza, and it was great.  The pizzas were a little pricey but you certainly get what you pay for.  They deliver to the strip for only a small surcharge, they got the pizzas there when they said they would, and everyone was impressed with the quality of the pizza.  I'll be back in Vegas in two weeks and am definitely going to order from them again.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2007,9/13/2007,48,179,2,2,3>Ambiance: Sexy Deathstar. No need to schlub through the clangety bleeps of the casino floor to get to your suite of peace. The lobby is so serene, and has a custom subtle crisp elegant citrus scent to it. My luxury suite had the sweetest HUGE tub to relax in after all the trudging around. LoveloveLOVE this hotel. I'll be a regular.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/25/2007,9/12/2007,0,0,6,3,4>Caveat #1:  I grew up in a casino town, and my dad worked at casinos.Caveat #2: Because of caveat #1, I have an highly conditioned contempt for casinos. They are designed to part people with their money, and they are very good at it. To execute their prime directive, they do all sorts of things briefly listed below, here in....Caveat #3: To part people from their money, casinos employ all known principles of behavioral psychology: the noises and lights which make me feel like I've fallen into a kid's store with every electronic toy not only simultaneously going off, but doing so while heavily amplified.Caveat #4: To get people to stay, casinos offer edible food, and to make men stay, they offer revealing outfits for the female employees, and to make everybody make worse bets, they offer free booze, which tends to result in less than wise decisions. I dislike drunk people acting stupid and forfeiting their kids' college education. Call my a party pooper. I like women dressed in revealing clothing, but it's sort of a pointless endeavor.Caveat #5: Smoking indoors is of course entirely legal in sin city in "gaming" areas. But since I don't eat meat, drink, nor gamble, they're probably not interested in this minor concern.Caveat #6: It's called a desert for a reason, people. We're not supposed to visit here, much less move in. The constant sound of air conditioning beats the alternative (dying), but my nose and mucous membranes are still sending me little hate IMs 24 hours after escaping from a city built where most reptiles can't survive.Now then: the hotel/casino in question.Except for the points covered above, it was very nice. The deluxe suite is considerably more deluxe than the the normal room.The end.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,9/11/2007,32,2,3,2,3>Oh MY GOD.OK, I am settled down now. Been here twice, and even though it is in scummerlin (and I hate going out there), on the opposite side of town for me it is worth the drive. I have yet to find the same selection, awesome dishes or atmosphere somewhere else in Vegas.The Cheese & Fruit Board ($12) is a must, perfect for 2 people. Oh, and I just loved the Chicken Gorgonzola ($14) - almost like sex in a bowl. Be sure to check out the daily specials - I died while eating the bone in rib eye ($40) the other night - and not due to the price but it was that good. Their tiramisu is ok, I have had better but that was in Venice, Italy - and you can not compete with that.The place is pricey, and some of the customers are overly pretentious (I almost beat the hell out of one asshole fellow for berating the hostess). But for some out of town guests, or an important meal this place is worth it - hence the full 5 stars.Located in a strip mall (just like everything else in this part of town) at the corner of Buffalo Drive and Lake Mead Boulevard in Summerlin (the NW part of town). If you are coming into town to visit & are staying on the strip, I would say it is well worth the trip but the taxi ride might be a killer.... Besides, we do not want you tourist types ruining a perfectly good local hangout anyway!
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,9/9/2007,493,463,7,9,6>I'm going to keep this short, sweet and to the point ...  Because, well ... honestly, I'm just too damn tired!Tryst is phenomenal - inside & outGorgeous decor - definitely not Vegas tacky but classy; upscaleSpacious club - gorgeous waterfall spilling into pool just at the balcony of Tryst - this means you never get too hot dancing, just move your hot little tush outside and breathe in the nice cool mist Beautiful people - and sometimes REALLY beautiful people - and even sometimes HOT celebsSlammin' DJ playing some fab mash ups with the killer 80s/90s we (us 30-somethings) love to groove toExpensive drinks - REALLY expensive - ie: $12 shot that likely included 1 teardrop of booze - then again, a girl likes to have drinks bought for her, so this usually doesn't matter ... ;)A little sweet talk and the batting of a few eyelashes can get you past the LOOOOOOOOOONG line-up out front - even more sweet talk to some of the casino hosts can get you free passes your entire stay ... What can I say - I'm that good!Get it?  Got it?  Then go there!  Now ...
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,9/8/2007,1651,2742,6,6,7>Fat-ass-burger is among the best burger chains I've ever had and certainly will be the death of me if I continue to devour these wonderful sandwiches.  Each burger will pollute your arteries with endless clots and empty your wallet in a hurry.  The actual establishment is nothing to rave about, but the array of burger combinations are to die for.   There is no bare bones about it, its the most successful yet simple concept there is to be:  Its a burger.  Its big.  And its fat.  Its delicious as a result!I heavily endorse the KingFatBurger (i.e. Royal Fatty) and with the Ultimate Big Fat Deal.  Its disgusting when you think about it but oh-so-good when you put it in your mouth.  The greasy texture is completely ignored as the gorge temptation gets the best of you.  Vegas is the city of sin and fun, might as well have fun with your sins and eat it too.  Yeah, I'm still talking about the burger.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2007,9/7/2007,151,400,4,4,6>Sure, there's a wait, but once you've eaten there you really understand why. I really love this place for breakfast. I'd give it 5 stars but I had a weird experience last Saturday. I ordered a strawberry Belgian waffle and a kids chocolate chip pancake. (Hey, be nice, I couldn't decide what I wanted and Mom said to get both so who am I to argue?) The waitress asked if I wanted whipped cream. Yes, I said, on both. She brought out the food but nothing had whipped cream on it. She realized and brought me a large side of it but it wasn't the same. The heat of the breads is supposed to melt it a little bit and make it moist but these were *seriously* dry. The strawberries were yummy but "dry" as well (which is fine-- they're not supposed to be wet-- but it didn't help the dry waffle/pancake problem.) It was a little weird smearing the cream on after the fact, but whatever. The ham and cheese omelette my mom got was fantastic, as was the orange juice. She also said the coffee wasn't bad, for restaurant coffee. I wish they had skim/fatfree milk!! Still I love this place!!
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,9/6/2007,190,181,3,4,4>All you can eat is a term I enjoy hearing. For me, that means I'm getting myself a six course meal (or at least 6 plates will sit before me.) The selection and spread was fairly random here, and the food was neither the greatest nor the worst I've had at a buffet (avoid the sushi,) but at $20 to enter I can say price overrides. You can find me stocking up on Bacon wrapped pork, fried shrimp, orange peel chicken, lo-mein, cheese quessidillas, prime rib, fried chicken, chicken marsala, more prime rib, and french toast for my first three plates. My fourth plate will be a generous salad to cleanse and balance, followed by an assortment of cakes, brownies, cookies, fruits, and some jelly thing that makes me welcome diabetic shock. Grabbing a cone and hitting the soft serve machine, I'll take the last bit to go.What? I have a high metabolism and don't want to leave hungry.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,9/5/2007,267,382,,2,2>Beautiful store.  The look and feel matches its name.  The second I set foot in the store, I should have known it would be the start of a new passion for beauty products.  I somehow managed to refrain from purchasing anything on the first visit.  Barbara was enthusiastic and friendly and had me try the sugar lip treatment, the soy face cleanser and the supernova mascara.  Even though I already knew that all three of those products were absolutely amazing, I somehow found the will power in me NOT to buy anything.But it was game over anyway.  I couldn't stop thinking about the products....On my three day trip to Vegas, I went to that store probably 4 times.  The second visit, I bought the lip treatment, the third visit, the mascara.... the fourth I just went back because I really like the sake eau de parfum, but somehow managed not to buy it (hmm..maybe it was the $75 price tag?)...and even after I got back, I HAD to go to the SF store, because I HAD to have the soy face cleanser...and the deodorant...I am in love.  Their nectarine milk bath is super nice as well.  I've actually been using that for years and my bathtub collection of soaps is not complete without a bottle of it.The supernova mascara is incredible.  Until this mascara, I hated mascara.  It was clumpy, didn't hold my lashes up for very long, was very difficult to take off, etc... Supernova is like magic.  My lashes look great ALL DAY LONG and it comes off quite easily (especially with the soy face cleanser).They also have a WALL of fragrance.  I have never seen so many different fragrances.  If you are on the hunt for a fragrance and are looking for something different than the standard fair you find in the department stores, I recommend checking out the fresh line (there must be at least 20 different scents...)Note:  They do carry the fresh products at Sephora and at Saks and Neiman's, but to be honest, you get so much more attention in their actual store and you can see all of their fabulous products all in one place AND try them all out!!
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/11/2007,9/4/2007,281,619,1,4,3>Ambiance was great - although when we were first seated in the patio area, it was so dark (lights were out) that we had to read our menus by cell phone/candlelight.  When the mood lighting was restored, we found ourselves dining under umbrellas to cool night beats and overlooking a misty blue pool.  Service was good (our cute Latino/Asian waiter morphed into a manly female waitress who took a particular liking to one of us).  Pasta dishes all seemed to be drenched with the same sauce.  Lamb dish was tasty.  Drinks fair.  Yeah, can't say much cuz the food was just mediocre.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,9/3/2007,46,179,11,3,2>Fantastic steak house, what it's doing in Circus Circus beats the crap out of me. My only complaint about this place is the more than creepy photos of cows that surround you as you eat their children... their delicious, perfectly prepared, juicy children. Bring your evil, this steakhouse is old school carnivore heaven.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2006,9/2/2007,645,301,4,5,4>I'm not a chaser of celebrity chefs...and wasn't excited to hit up Emerils joint in V-town. But I have to say. I was diggin' this place. The atmosphere is pretty chill and classy. It made me want to sip cognac and smoke a cigar ( and I don't like either of those). This place definitely exudes a mid-western meets Palm Springs sort of vibe. You know... big comfy, light taupe leather chairs, with hearty dark wood tables and high nicely lit ceilings. My food was good. The Foie Gras was amazing, the endive  salad was nice but not out of this world and the lamb special was good too. With very hearty servings of meat I couldn't finish my lamb, though if it were outrageously good I probably would have. And yes if offered to me, I sampled the dishes from around the table). Of note: the bone-in rib eye was very nice and the fondue was ridiculously good. I passed on the fish. (Come on Craig - who orders fish at a steakhouse?) Between the foie gras, fondue and lamb, it's amazing I walked out on my own. Never fear... red wine was there to save my ateries. (Whew! )We passed on dessert. So no report there.We sat a few tables away from D. Rodman. It's amazing how grown men in their 50's will say shout out stupid stuff like: "Yo D.R.? Can I get a Whoop Whoop?" when they're in the presence of an ex pro athlete. Funny stuff.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,9/1/2007,0,0,4,,2>Once a year, during the holidays, I subject my mostly-vegan body to the sheer horror of lactose and animal protein, simply so that my taste buds can savor a Love It Dark Chocolate Peppermint. The havoc ColdStone reeks on my digestive system is nothing short of astonishing, especially when the annual treat is consumed immediately before the drive back to the Bay from Las Vegas. It was nothing but eight hours of farting. In a Mini Cooper. Best. Road trip. Ever.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2007,8/31/2007,499,200,3,2,6>Sundays @ the Pool at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. I'm surprised no one else has reviewed this yet.I've been going to Rehab since they first started years ago. The party has exploded into one of the best reasons to cancel your Sunday flight home from Vegas and show up hung-over to work on Monday morning.The Hard Rock transforms their pool into a raging, debaucherous, adrenaline-, alcohol-, Red-Bull-Vodka-fueled fiesta. If you can't handle crowds and having to fight for space on the beach or chairs, and you have the means, get a cabana- your own private oasis from which you can view the craziness before you. The music is a loud, thumping mash of hip-hop, house, rock n roll. Ocassionally, they will import big name DJ's to spin. The cover is steep, but if you're a gambler- ask your casino for a host who can help comp you into the party.The first Rehab begins the end of April. So do your taxes and use your refund to check it out!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2007,8/30/2007,150,538,3,,3>My favorite part of this place and my visit there wasn't the food, although it was good, it was punking Patrick Ewing.  You see, we had the Chef's table, next to the kitchen, in this somewhat secluded space for our dinner which we weren't rushing through.  Midway through our meal, P.Ewing himself comes strolling through the restaurant with his entourage, sees that our table is occupied, loses his smile and sulks over to another table that clearly is not as roomy for the big guy.  Sorry Pat.  But when you're celebrating the father-in-law's Bday and one of the guests is the Attorney General of NV, hoops players get the shaft.The place was on the dark side with lots of earthy materials, rocks, stone sides, etc.  Even the plates and silverware had caveman-esqe flair to them.  The food was good with my wife and I sharing her scallop dish and my rib-eye.  Come to think of it, I think half of our table got the rib-eye so it was pretty popular.  This place has a strange menu with a few things from different types of cuisines.  Some American, some Asian, and I think some Indian too.  Like I said, I don't remember the meal as well as I remember Ewing's face.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2007,8/29/2007,58,171,,3,3>My favorite place to gamble in Vegas (maybe because I won fairly big?)Go for the gambling, not the club aspect of it...let me explain how this worksyou pay $20 (on this particular night) to get upstairs to the 50something floor and its bar/lounge with blackjack and a roulette table in the middle. You could do bottle service and sit in a booth..but that's probably an expensive and bad idea. Go up here if you wanna gamble (table minimums start at $100, with one $50 table) and enjoy the view...It's connected to the Moon lounge so you can easily gamble here and then socialize at Moon.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2007,8/28/2007,308,187,1,3,3>NOTE:  While Trevi is a Italian restaurant, I am reviewing the gelato stand to the side of the establishment so please consider this dessert review independent of the restaurant as I've never eaten here before.Situated inside the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops in vivaaaaaa Las Vegas, Trevi's gelato was a welcome surprise and discovery.  At first you might not notice it hidden around to the corner of the main restaurant, but the gelato here is molto squisito!  That's Italian for: holy crap this is yummers!!It's so good, every time I come to Vegas now, I absolutely must stop by this place each trip to grab a generous helping of their very excellent tiramisu gelato.  I highly recommend it.  Real pieces of ladyfingers and just the right amount of rum soaked in - It's the most authentic tiramisu-flavored dessert that I've tried that isn't the real deal.  Of course there's other flavors to choose from but I'm a sucker for all things tiramisu so if they can make it this good, the rest has to be pretty good.  Actually, my friends tried other flavors and they agreed it's very good without having to resort to go to Italy.Prices are reasonable at about $6 a pop.  But hey you're in Vegas, indulge yourself!
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2007,8/27/2007,334,295,3,2,2>54 is actualy quite a fun place.I didn't know what to think with the name and when I got inside (after going home to change my shoes because they don't want you wearing anything that is at all sporting) I was kinda like, meh.  They don't rock a theme as hard as many other places in Vegas but that aside it was a rather good club.  The music is a toss up but they play enough top 40 that you can have fun.  Drinks are standard club quality and they do a good job of keeping them flowing.  I did really enjoy the show as it is a good distraction when you pony up to the bar to refill.The straight-standard night club, top 40 mixedWhat's good-nice crowd of people, trapeze show is funThe slap-tards about footwear music mix could be better
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2007,8/26/2007,40,415,,4,2>If you're looking for affordable eats in the Wynn and are sick of the super high-end scene in Vegas this is a great fit. We tried a bunch of things but my absolute favorites were the pork and shrimp dumplings, the halibut, the deep fried chicken and the roast duck. I also loved the sake. Great service - seated right away at a great table and got our food very quickly. Nice change of scene in Vegas!
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2006,8/25/2007,199,77,3,4,5>sure, all of us has had ramen...whether its the college staple of top ramen to the exotic kim-chee korean ramen bowls.  i finally found a great japanese ramen restaurant in las vegas.  this was an accidental, but a much needed find.   it's also surprisingly located near, but not on the strip.  it's actually located across the Hard Rock Hotel-Casino, next to a decent pho restaurant (it's like soup country!!!).   The ramen noodles will be in a stock created from pork and chicken bone, and then the kicker zing is when the stock is seasoned with soy sauce.  by far my most favorite ramen to order is the Tsukemen.  i love this b/c it's not your typical big bowl o' ramen.  it's actually a two separate items...a plate full of cold ramen egg noodles, and a hot bowl of ramen stock filled with a hard boiled egg, some salty pieces of charshu (pork), and garnished with some cabbage, green onions, and seaweed.  you basically take some noodles into your soup spoon and dip it into the broth.   i always order this at this restaurant.  no other restaurant in vegas (so far i have found) has this dish.  They also have a similar dish with crispy salty fried chicken instead of pork.  I also love the uni-ikura bowl...chunks of chilled creamy orange uni (sea urchin)  topped with a plethora of the salty orange ikura (salmon roe) on top of sushi rice garnished with sesame seed and nori strips.  there are many things on the menu.  they have many more types of ramen, but i just can't stray from my favorite.  so, if you're looking for a hot bowl of ramen on a cold evening in vegas, i really suggest this place.  the bad-ass thing about this place is that it opens at 11:30am and closes at 2am!!  it even has a small grocery store inside, so you can find weird japanese snacks, candies and drinks.  also, many of the customers of this place are japanese.   With that being said, you gotta try it!!!
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2007,8/24/2007,97,80,10,7,7>Two words - Smart Strippers.Over lapdances, the gals have told me 1) going to UNLV med school 2) real estate agent who works in LA and makes 1600 a week at OG on week days and non-open house days 3) other various college students.  It's important that all women get a good education and be financially stable.  Four stars for the most educated strippers I have ever met at any club.Also, it's a fun place...this is usually our last stop before getting gas and heading back to LA. I recommend that b/c you can smile all the way back home.Addendum: I have not been to the second floor, male stripper part of OG, but my friends have said that these men get pretty up-close and personal, like Elephants swinging their prosboscis's around....so if animals are your thing...I prefer the college students.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,8/23/2007,72,93,2,1,4>Uh.May.Zing. Five incredibly enthusiastic stars. This place blew me away, from the service to the ambiance. I kinda want to move here full time. I would live in this spa if I could. I didn't get to visit the gym because I was here just for a facial and massage, but I plan on doing that next time. Do yourself a favor and check in to this place for a couple of hours.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2007,8/22/2007,32,114,,5,5>This Mario Batali mostly antipasti restaurant in the Venetian was the other sparkling culinary star of my stay (the other being Aquaknox).Set amidst the blue "sky" in the Square part of the Venetian, Enoteca serves delicious small plates of salads, vegetables, fried yummies, meats (I did not partake in the meat portion of the menu) and seafood, with pastas and pizzas and entrees, as well. The pasta I had was OK -- really it was the stellar antipasti dishes that made me fall in love with this place. The sweet and sour beets were amazing. I loved it with the Lentils Toscana. And I had the most incredible cheese plate here -- they serve it with three different "sauces": brandied cherry, fennel honey and another one I can't remember, dammit!  Mmmm!!!!  Heavenly!!! I don't usually go for the cheese plate in restaurants because I think, "Hey I could easily eat this at home". But not at Enoteca - those liquid accompaniments were so delectable and interesting and nuanced that I actually came back another day and ordered it again!The only down side - incredibly annoying opera singers belting out their songs while mic'd) 50 feet away.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2007,8/21/2007,109,118,,4,4>I walked into Miracle Mile, the shopping destination of Las Vegas, and the first thing I saw was a sign that said "Now Open Bettie Page". I'm all, who's that, what's that. So I checked it on the directory of like, 3,000 stores(btw, I have not seen WIld Pair and Baker's in the same place since my teenage pilgrimages to the Staten Island Mall) and I made my way past Express and Bebe and Zed's Old Timey General Store, with a stop at Fat Tuesday's, and I arrived at this little slice of heaven. This store is not yer typical 50's clothing retailer for rockabilly kids and professional throwbacks. It's an homage to the style, sex appeal and charm of the great Bettie Page. So yes, the fashion is decidedly Eisenhower era, but the theme is Bettie. That means you are limited to a selection of a few dresses and separates and a small rack of shoes. There is no jewelery or anything but there are some t-shirts depicting famous scenes from some of Bettie's most popular cinematic endeavors and some knick knacks like candles(with flames!). The clothing is awesome. Despite the small selection, the clothes are beautiful, comfortable and totally wearable. I slipped into a few dresses and a shirt and they all fit me better than most of the stuff I have tried on lately, but the best part is I looked great. The cut is so flattering and the dresses dipped in and out in all the right places. I was like, huh? And the prices are totally reasonable. Some of the stuff they have is polyester and other synthetic fibers so thats a bummer, but I walked away with an amazing  item and the salesgirl gingerly wrapped it for me in leopard print tissue paper. The staff is not bubbly, but definatley helpful and the store has pink carpet and a tv in the corner showing BP movies. I was SOOO happy when I left, plus I was still buzzing from my Fat Tuesday Pina Colada.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2007,8/20/2007,31,74,1,3,5>What could be better than an order of onion rings, a cheeseburger that doesn't look like it came out of a mold smothered in tasty Tillamook cheddar (tres importante) and topped with a fresh garden, and a tall, cold chocolate Coke to wash it down?Well ... if the chocolate Coke thing doesn't tickle your fancy, you can just swap that with a milkshake or any other soda flavored to your liking.The tabletop juke boxes, the shakes, the service, the setting ... I'm always disappointed when we leave and I see that the cars in the parking lot are NOT all pale aqua-blue '57 Chevys, and there aren't any car hops on roller skates.I wish I had lived in the '50s and '60s. Seems like a better place to be, yeah?
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,8/19/2007,161,200,8,7,8>I can't believe I'm giving a club in Vegas 5 stars. Let me tell you why....I'm in Vegas for literally 18hrs on Friday night for my b.f.f.'s 30th birthday. She tells me to meet her posse in front of 'PURE' at 10:30p so we can all get in together....oh, and we're to have "table side service". I'm thinking, 'shit, now I've got to sell my car to afford this'...I'm joking. But it couldn't be that bad, right? HA HA HA....we get escorted in and seated in our roped-off lounge area and our personal waitress comes and asks us to pick out a MINIMUM of 4 bottles. Ok, let's see......WHAT??? A BOTTLE OF GREY GOOSE IS $450??!!! My friggin eyes popped out of my head...I'm not a cheap person by any means, but that is RE-DICK. My other b.f.f. starts freakin out sayin her husband will KILL her for spending so much...yada yada...our birthday gal notices our popped-out eyeballs and says not to worry cuz it's ALL taken care of. Apparently her pal is a professional poker player and HOOKED IT ALL UP. (whatta guy!!!) Now I popped my eyeballs back in and was able to enjoy my ($50) sips of vodka. The music starts bumpin and I'm feelin fancy so I start to dance....and over the loud speaker we hear "hey everyone it's Pamela Anderson's Bday so wish her a Happy Bday"--and there she was (about 50 ft from us) in all of her boob-glory. I started laughing, saying I was in some alternate universe and then I say "I mean what's next, DJ AM spinning?" He started spinning about 30 min after I said that.Let me tell you, if I wasn't in the VIP area I would HATE this place. They herd you in like cattle, the lines for booze are tremendously long and if you're foot comes anywhere near our "VIP" area the bouncers will KICK you out of the way. No joke. I saw it happen right next to me 100 times. (it's messed up actually) I'd never pay $2000 to have table side service in a club, but I'm damn glad I got to experience it. It was just so surreal to have someone pouring your drinks left and right and picking up the ice you've dropped with a sense of urgency. (I could get used to this...)peep our pic some chick took of us that night: vegas.napkinnights.com/p(I don't look enthused...but trust this, I had a good time)Oh, and we were right behind Seth Green (someone I was actually excited to see) in line for a taxi. He is one short man! ('bout 5' 2") What a cutie!
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2007,8/18/2007,65,81,,9,5>I am originally from CA, where threading is very commonplace.  I have lived in Las Vegas for three years now, and I have been looking for a threading place this whole time!  I finally found one, thanks to a friend who saw an article in the Review-Journal! (lvrj.com/image/7571072.h)  For those of you who aren't familiar with threading, it's a hair-removal technique using a twisted thread to grab and remove hair.  I think it''s much more precise than waxing or tweezing.  It's alot less painful and really quick, too!  It's ABOUT TIME Las Vegas has caught on to threading!!!They did an amazing job on my brows!  It took about 7 painless minutes, and it costs only $7!  I will definitely be back here regularly! They also can do other body parts, the upper lip is only $3, and you can get your whole face threaded for $25.  Be sure to check out their price sheet!  They also have waxing and henna tattoo services.  They are located on Flamingo and Pecos, in the Food 4 Less shopping center.Yay!  Now I don't have to wait for a trip to LA or SF to get threaded!  Woohoo!!!
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2007,8/17/2007,21,52,12,7,10>We took over Lucky Strike Lanes for our private party. Here are my thoughts in 10 easy frames:Frame 1 (The Ambiance) - STRIKE! Retro feel, black lit everything, cool projection screens behind the lanes, state-of-the art score monitors (that show the speed of your bowl), giant spacious mahogany bar. Frame 2 (The Drinks) - STRIKE! I was drinking Grey Goose on the rocks all night and it knocked all my pins down. The bartenders didn't seem too animated and were basically acting as servoids...no matter.Frame 3 (The Food) - 8 pins. Nothing stands out here. They served your typical between-frames greasy finger foods that make you screw up the next shot...the mini cheeseburgers, hot n spicy burgers, and turkey burgers were all juice-less tasting had a high bread-to-meat ratio...the grilled vegetable pizza was just okay (I only ate it up to the crust)...the chicken pillows (or steamed chicken dumplings) were actually pretty good. And now that I know there is such thing as a chicken pillow, I'm wondering if chickens have pillow fights when no one is looking?...anyway...Frame 4 (The Bowling) - STRIKE! It was the most stylish 157 I ever bowled. Frame 5 (The Service) - 7-10 split. The wait staff were a small army of hot, large breasted women who knew little about holding a bowling ball and a lot about holding a tray of mac 'n cheese balls. I will give credit to the "bowling MC" for getting the president of my company to crawl on her stomach and release the ball.Frame 6 (The Fun) - STRIKE! Lucky Strike provided the setting for a cool party and we funned it up. Picture 150 semi-drunk media professionals doing the Fred Flintstone twinkle toes bowling approach...spinning around two times...and chucking the ball down the alley. Pure. Comedy. Gold.Frame 7: (The Location) - 9 pins. Lucky Strike is connected to the Rio - while not one of your more classier Vegas hotels (on the Wynn scale), it's a sports bookies paradise and home of the 37th World Series of Poker tournament.Frame 8: 7 pins. Just cause I needed to fill up a frame.Frame 9: (PER, or Post Event Rush) - STRIKE! Me and the rest of my mag pals walked out of Lucky Strike sauced, stuffed, and smiling.  Frame 10 (Random "Big Lebowski" quote) - 3 STRIKES! "F**k it, Dude, let's go bowling"Total Score: A lotTotal Stars: 4
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2007,8/16/2007,549,250,,5,4>I have been using Yelp for restaurant ideas now for several months, but have never been moved to write a review until tonight.  Tonight, there was no way that I would pass up this opportunity to rave about the first true Izakaya tavern that I have found here in Las Vegas.I have never even heard of Izakaya taverns until a good friend of ours introduced us to Musha in Torrance, CA and it's been a whirlwind love affair since then.  I love the casual, Authentic Japanese atmosphere of these places.  From the entire restaurant staff greeting you with a hearty "Irashaimashite!" as you walk in to the almost-guaranteed "we'll see you next time!"  It's never a goodbye, as they know that you will be back..... oh yes, you WILL be back.   There is just that special feeling that you get when you go to an Izakaya tavern.And it was no different for me this time around.  At first we were leery of this place, seeing as how we have never heard of it until I did a Google search for "Izakaya Vegas".  But the fact that the first hit was a review on Yelp with multiple 5-star recommendations, there was no way I was going to be swayed by my belief that there is no such thing as "Genuine" in Las Vegas.   Am I ever glad that we did.  This place brought back such fond memories of the fun that we had with our friends at Musha.  From the Buta Kakuni to the broiled beef tongue and the Garlic butter clams, this place had everything that I liked Including more reasonable pricing!  Dishes ranged from $1.75 for assorted single skewered meats (Beef tongue, chicken wings, chicken balls) to around $8.95+  for the sashimi plates, with most items ranging in the $4-$5 range.For our first visit, we tried out the:-Shisyamo Age - which are crisp deep fried smelt(3 pieces) stuffed with roe - Boneless and absolutely delicious with either the provided salt or some asked-for ponzu.-Beef Tataki - Tender seared beef slices dipped in Ponzu-Yamakake - Tuna sashimi with Yam Potato and some slimy stuff that I just could not identify (I liked it, but people who judge food by texture may be turned off by it. - Not for everybody)-Vegetable Croquettes - Mashed potatoes, veggies, wrapped in panko and fried until the outside is crisp and crunchy while the inside if hot and well.... mashed potatoe'y?  kind of like a breaded and deep fried Sheperd's Pie, I suppose.- Broiled Black Cod - The Hands-Down star of tonight's dinner.  Yummy buttery black cod with a sweet tangy marinade and the skin broiled to a crisp ... absolutely delightful.- Kushi-Tan - Broiled beef tongue on a skewer - The staple of every Izakaya tavern I've ever been to.  A Squeeze of lemon and you're good to go.- Kaku-ni - Pork Belly, simmered for hours in mirin, shoyu, sugar etc. until it's chopstick-tender and practically melts in your mouth.  Can sometimes be really fatty because of the cut of the meat, but lucikly ours was fairly lean, maybe we got lucky, or maybe they select leaner cuts?  Guess I'll have to order it again next time to find out!  a small bowl of rice is a must.- And the clencher - Bacon wrapped Mochi on a stick. Broiled to a crisp, yet chewy .... and bacon'y .....  and mochi'y ... it's freaking mocchi and bacon, how else would you describe it? ... you need to try this for yourself if you're adventurous enough, or just hate your heart.Ichiza is definitely an instant favorite and a must-visit for all of my out-of-town buds.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2007,8/15/2007,1356,83,,4,4>Stayed a weekend in the cary grant bungalow suite which had 2 queens, 2 tv's, a living room and is roughly 700sq ft.  Some of the rooms are themed by actors from hollywood's golden era which give it alot more character than the average hotel on the strip.  The beds are extremely comfortable and might even be the best i've slept on in vegas.  The gym/spa facility downstairs is $20 a day per person to use but can't compare to the one at Mandalay Bay for the same price.  It's located next to the pool level which I give 4.5 stars for its cleanliness, cabanas, and layout.  Very tasteful.  Only complaint about the pool is that they close it down if there's even the slightest chance of a thunder/lightning storm.  I always end up eating at the Rainforest Cafe since its the only place open at 3:00am.  The menu there is sandwiches, burgers, etc. and the food is so-so.   When I need coffee there's starbucks, when I want a quick bite there's 'wichcraft, and if you want upscale japanese there's shibuya downstairs.btw - if you're in need of a limo, mgm is where treasure island, new york new york, bellagio, and mirage dispatch their drivers from.  ask for a driver by the name of cedric cuz he's funny as hell and knows what's going on in vegas : )
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,8/14/2007,66,102,,4,4>I believe this to be one of the best steakhouses in Vegas. The food here is great yet I always leave with heartburn from the amount of food I digest ( I can't help it...I have to have everything). Located at the Renaissance Hotel, Envy is a perfect place if you want a great steak and ambiance away from the hustle and bustle of the strip. Must Haves: Angus Beef Carpacccio: with a yummy truffle mustard aoliMaryland Crab Cakes: have had better but I am addicted to the red                                          pepper coulis that is comes withBone-in Fillet Mignon: Comes out perfect every timeSides: Green beans with apple-wood smoked bacon, Wild             mushrooms in port wine sauce and the mac n' cheese             in truffle oil.I also give this place 5 stars for having the best Sunday brunch in town!! Great live jazz playing all day and bottomless champagne to go with it.....If you love good food, drinks and jazz like I do, this is your spot on Sundays.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2006,8/13/2007,32,75,2,3,4>The Crew and I left sunny Phoenix a day early, and after considering our options, decided to make the trek to Vegas. We rolled in on Saturday evening, with plenty of time to find a place to crash for the night. We weighed our options and decided our hotel of choice would need to fulfill three of the following key factors:*affordability*location *high percentage of cute girlsAfter stopping at Barbary Coast, The Rio, and The Palms, I remembered my time working at Hooters Grand Avenue in Milwaukee, and we all realized there was a fairly new Hooters Casino that might just fit the bill. Well, it was affordable, at just $110 bucks on a Saturday night, and they didn't require a two-night minimum like some places do on a holiday weekend. So far, so good. Turns out, Hooters Casino Hotel is located next to the Excalibur, New York New York Hotel, and the MGM Grand, so there was plenty within walking, er stumbling, distance. At this point, Taylor's judgement seemed to be the least impaired (he was driving) as he didn't consume any road sodas, so it was up to him to verify the last key factor in our search. After further review, how could we *not* love the girls in their sexy Hooter girl uniforms? Didn't see any sausage, either. Only sexy ladies dealing black jack, roulette, craps, you name it. We weren't in Vegas for an hour, and we'd already hit the Jackpot.We checked in promptly, and headed up the room for to get settled in and form a loose plan of action for the night ahead. After drinking and dancing at the Piano Bar and Coyote Ugly in the New York New York Hotel, we hit the gaming floor at Hooters where the cocktail waitresses kept the white russians stiff and flowing ALL night long. We didn't stop gambling and drinking until well after sunrise, my buddy Brian rolled in at 9:30 a.m. up a c-note and still drunk as a skunk. Who would've thought you could ride a 5 dollar roulette table for 6+  hours in Vegas on a Saturday night? Overall, our stay at Hooters Casino Hotel was a great experience, with cheap rooms, clean and fun atmosphere, and it's central to the main strip in Vegas. It's a nice alternative to the usually pricier hotels like MGM Grand or The Monte Carlo, for example.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,8/12/2007,210,264,2,4,4>while it's 104 degrees outside, it is a comfortable 25 degrees in my mouth. *aaaaah*Red Mango did just the trick for the heat of a Las Vegas summer. a giddy girlfriend and i ran to the sleek store front as the rest of our group ducked into the neighboring CVS pharmacy. (where would YOU go for comfort huh?)the original yogurt itself is not too sweet and not too tart. in my opinion (and that of baby bear), it was *juuuuust riiiiight*! they offered the standard tastings of chocolate bars, fruit, and cereal (my personal pick - blueberry, pineapple, and fruity pebbles!!!), in the standard sizes, and served it up nice and cold. a hearty serving of gourmet snow in my mouth, zapped with some fruity vitamins, and crunchy cereal - made for a happy, heureuse di! :) (along with the rest of the gang as they intruded with their spoons!) be sure to stop by!
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2007,8/11/2007,1362,984,5,12,8>With a name like Ping Pang Pong, you're not sure if you're headed to one of 'those' shows in Thailand or sitting down for some dim sum at a Chinese restaurant.  When in Vegas, it's the latter...at least in this case.Seeing billboards all over town advertising their dim sum, I must admit, I was very hesitant.  I would even say I wanted not to like it.  But I did, believe or not.  Ping Pang Pong located in the Gold Coast Casino has some of the better dim sum I've tried in Vegas, and I've been to a few.It's a smaller restaurant than the only ones I've tried (listed below) and you can watch the casino floor as you dine.Saturday morning and we were seated rather quickly.  Quite a few Chinese people eating dim sum here as well, which is always a good sign.  They give you a menu with prices which is a bit unique for dim sum, but definitely helpful.  (Price ranges split into four categories for the most part - A plates are $2.18; B plates are $2.88; C plates are $3.88; and D plates are $5.88. ) Immediately after you're seated, the dim sum carts come your way.  If you can' t find what you're looking for, but it's on the menu, wave a server down and they'll order it for you.  Ping Pang Pong has a surprisingly large selection of dim sum choices and it's pretty good.  Regular steamed dim sum range in the A and B categories.  They even had the elusive Shark Fin Dumpling ($5.88), but no Shanghai dumpling.  They also give you the bottle of red vinegar as opposed to the dinky little soy sauce dish amount.  The Shark Fin Dumpling had a nice mushroom broth too that was quite tasty and stood out.  They didn't have the Pineapple Custard bun that I love so much, but they had the plain Pineapple Bun ($2.18).  The BF especially loved their Macanese Egg Tarts ($3.88).  He hasn't had them since being in Macau and even had an order to go. They have a decent amount of 'cool sweets' in the B plates - Red Bean Pudding Cake, Chilled Mango and Pink Grapefruit Cocktail, Tapioca and Purple Rice Pudding, Lychee Pudding, etc.  'Warm' and 'hot sweets' range from A through C categories and include Baked Tapioca Green Tea Pudding, Steamed Egg White and Sweet Cream, Seared Water Chestnut Pudding Cake, Thousand Layer Cake, etc. Service was okay.  We did have to wave the servers down as only certain people can assist you with special orders while others only clear tables and push the carts.  Prices weren't too expensive either and I would say it's moderately priced for a casino.  The only downfall would be if you came with a very large party.  It might take awhile to get seated if they are extremely busy.  Nonetheless, looks like Ping Pang Pong might be where I'm headed when I want some dim sum in the desert.Rankings for dim sum in Vegas thus far:1) Ping Pang Pong2) Chang's Hong Kong Cuisine3) Harbor Palace Seafood Restaurant4) Orchids Garden Chinese Restaurant5) Cathay House RestaurantSidenote: When you ask for hot sauce, be sure to specify hot chili oil.  It'll be the good stuff instead of the red sauce with chili flakes.  Well, it's the good stuff I prefer with my dim sum.  And of course, hot yellow mustard too.Updated! 06/10/07 - We returned again yesterday for dim sum and imagine my surprise when I saw pickled pig's feet being served!  This delicacy is usually only served after a woman gives birth.  A bunch of the older women relatives would come over and take over your kitchen while stewing up this stuff for you.  Once in awhile, I would wake up to this wonderful aroma when my mom felt the desire to make it.  I used to joke that I would have kids just to have people make this for me!  Now I can enjoy this vinegary fatty goodness anytime at Ping Pang Pong!  Yay!  For our party of five, it was about $100 with tip and tax.Updated! 03/02/08 - Went to dim sum on Sunday...arrived around 2:35 pm and was reminded they closed at 3 pm.  We were fine with that and were quick to load our table with all the dim sum dishes we wanted.  The staff horded around our table asking if we wanted to make any final orders since the kitchen was closing up, and we said we were good.  With that, the check was presented to our table.  We continued eating and it wasn't long before the server reached across for the bill.  (I told her it wasn't taken care of yet.)  She pulled back in surprise and walked away.  She then returned to tell me they were closing out the register, so could we pay?  I have been to other dim sum restaurants where you are 'allowed' to eat, despite the kitchen part closing.  It was pretty discouraging that they were so overanxious to get our money and to get rid of us.  The dim sum lady obviously hated her job 'cuz she was banging the little dishes around.   Note to self: Don't bother going to PPP after 2:00 for dim sum, service is crap.  Food is okay though...but going downhill.  Seek other dim sum restaurants SOON!  I brought their star rating down from a four to a three!
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,8/10/2007,29,134,5,1,1>Except for the deranged car-salesman/motivational speaker who sat next to us I recently had my second near-perfect dining experience at Nobhill.  The Trio of Veal is probably not for everyone but the Lobster Pot-pie (which I have tasted each time) should be a favorite of any animal eating foodie.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/7/2007,8/9/2007,21,152,2,6,2>One word: Overrated.I was definitely underwhelmed by the food. Ambiance was nice, if you like to watch a shopping mall from where you're sitting (we got seated in a "nice" location overlooking the toilet blue water, gondolas and the Kenneth Cole store). The interior is nice, but nothing special if you're a foodie and dine out often. The service was average, a small hint of pretense included.We went in expecting a nice dinner and ordered the following:--Appetizer: Sauted clams and black mussels with garlic, white wine, capers and parsleyThis was not good. It looked like it would be delicious when presented at our table. There was a light garlic sauce covering the mussels and clams which was quite good by itself. However, the actual shellfish was completely bland and some were too chewy, like they cooked them too long. Overall, it left a lot to be desired.--Entrees: 1) Homemade pasta sauted with lobster, white wine and baby Shrimp in a Light Tomato sauceThis dish was pretty average fare. There was one large lobster claw and a bunch of baby shrimp, so they definitely didn't skimp on the seafood. The sauce was pretty flavorful and the noodles were cooked well. It just wasn't orgasmically delicious. Oh, and the serving size was Buca-esque, which, to me, isn't a good sign for a supposedly "fine dining" establishment.Also, it was garnished with a random piece of purple cabbage and parsley. PARSLEY?? seriously?? I thought this was a classy joint!2) Pan seared breaded veal loin, topped with tomato, mozzarella and parmigiano served with sauted tomato pastaThis was my bf's dish. He didn't like the veal which was SMOTHERED in cheese but he said the pasta was alright.Since neither of us are wine-lovers, we just ordered a few cocktails, much to our server's dismay. He was visibly bothered by our decision to skip the wine (it was funny and odd at the same time). Oh and a bottle of Aqua Panna still water is $8, just to let you know in case you were hoping for free water :)We skipped dessert. Check was $150 for two. Meh.The highlight of this place? It has the nicest bathroom's I've ever seen. Each stall is it's own little private room complete with a clear vessel sink and cloth towels. They also had a variety of hand lotions for use in the hallway outside the bathrooms.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2007,8/8/2007,394,614,4,1,1>Serious good times. They mean business... but you will pay.1) DJ's - main room dj was fantastic. Good mix of Top 40/Hip Hop/Rock. He kept the vibe going all night. Hip Hop room was small but really jam packed. Lots of hips ;) Dance room, not as many people but the DJ was super nice. Our tables were in this room so we spent some time there hanging out and enjoying ourselves.2) Tables - I now can no longer go to a Vegas club without reserving a table. No wait for our group of 18. We were ushered in as soon as we arrived, the bouncers were so sweet and we had a personal bartender who poured mixed drinks for us at our table. 3) Drinks - When we finally ran out of Vodka at our tables, I started getting drinks at the bar. I'm not sure if it was me or the bartender, but I ordered a Vodka Red Bull and got a lovely pour. So lovely, in fact, that I think that was the drink that put me in that oh so happy place where I didn't want to stop dancing all night long. 4) Space - The space was beautiful. The main room is huge. Yes, there are stripper poles and they were WELL utilized. There were lots of nice crevices where you could hide away and fantastic bar space. I never had to wait for a drink and the place was packed. All in all, I would recommend this place, but only if you don't have to wait in line. You'll be there for at least 2 hours and by then your poor footsies will be ready to be free of those stripper heels you bought just for Vegas. Sorry ladies.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2006,8/6/2007,25,41,2,4,3>I am in Las Vegas. As a friend of mine puts it, it's a "towering monument to the American dream in all its gaudy crass tasteless glory". It means buffets, unbelievably big-name restaurants, hours upon hours of shopping for pretty clothes to wear that night, people with egos to match the casinos, all amounting to an insane amount of money-wasting. And that is where people find the fun. It is August. I don't even want to know what the exact outside temperature is. I've spent miserable days in Vegas before, and these days are just as fun. I need something, something that is reminiscent of my home, my comforts, my teddy bear. And then we spot it: "Ramen Restaurant". A plain sign in a plain strip mall behind all the casinos, but once we enter the parking lot I find that it has quite a big presence in the plaza. The windows and the glass door is completely covered up from the inside, but a flashing neon "open" sign invites you to come in. Is this Vegas? Or not? Inside is a pretty large space, the walls were plentifully decorated with signs with nothing but Japanese written on them, which is a positive note for me. An open kitchen to the left, cashier directly in front of you where the waitstaff can watch the door, seating area to the right. The menu has many typical Japanese snack food, including croquettes, kara-age, and others, rice and curry dishes, mapo dofu (Japanese style, of course), and a nice ramen list that is simple and yet enough for everyone to find something to their tastes. I got the chashu ramen, my significant other got the mapo ramen. The broth was nice and clear, even for the mapo ramen, which is a good sign. It was served at the right temperature, came steaming to the table, and remained plenty warm to the last drop. The noodles could have been a bit softer, but I am also used to Korean ramen which has much softer noodles, and just as Japanese tend to like drier rice than Koreans, I know Japanese like firmer noodles. But perhaps they could have been cooked just a bit more, I found some noodles sticking to each other in the beginning which was not a good thing. They loosened up by the time I was about 2/3 done with the bowl.For Koreans, and other people who like stronger flavors, the mapo ramen is definitely more suited to their tastes. Very strong presence of sesame seed oil and pork, bits of ground pork floating in the soup that get caught amidst your noodles, making every slurp a bit more interesting. The chashu ramen was much more subtle, hearty and yet mild, however the pork slices were unfortunately overcooked, hence a bit dry.But in the end, I ate and drank it all, and was so grateful for the fact that such a place was present in a desert hell that is Vegas. And the last sign that I was satisfied was that I was immediately overcome by the sleepiness that can only be produced with a good bowl of ramen, and I was quite content.I would go back just for the mapo ramen, and perhaps try the others afterwards. If I ever find myself stranded in the Vegas horrors yet again, this will be the place I would turn to in order to keep my sanity, and yes, find my teddy bear.And did I mention you can smoke with your ramen? As a Californian, this is mindboggling.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2007,8/5/2007,508,259,,3,5>New places usually rock. I got this flyer for this place a few weeks ago not knowing it was only up the street and off the beaten path. As an adventurous attempt to partake in a new and glorious experience. Plus the fact I was HAWNGRY, there was bright red neon in the horizon. I thought...Hmmm pretty light. Myke like....It turned out to be my junk mail advertisement of "ohh come here and win a free 42 in flat panel" Which hopefully I win. So in an attempt to fulfill my hunger, you walk in with these huge double doors into a place called Kokomo. The walls have murals with cheesey art from the beach and little sayings..."No matter how beautiful she is, some guy out there is sick of her stuff." "One tequila two tequila, three tequila floor"After being seated, we ordered the Golden Sombrero Bucket.Golden Sombrero "Fiesta" Bucket Our Most Incredible Bucket of All!Includes all of the following! a half pound Certified Angus Flat Iron Steak a whole 1-1/2 lb seasonal lobster a pound of luscious King Crab legs a half dozen Baja style shrimp a grilled marinated breast of chicken grilled corn on the cobUnlimited Ceasar's salad bar. Unlimited Rice and beans. WTF?It was like 69 or somethin. Dollars not the hippity dippity. Ok so baja style is seasoned and flash fried goodness. Yea it was great!The salad bar was very fresh with not only ceasar's dressing - but cotija cheese mix, mango salsa, etc. The crab legs were moist and delicious. The steak was medium rare perfect. Everything was good - except I'm not a big bean fan. So it was ok. eh. Definitely if you find this place check it out. They have a good drink menu. Mostly ritas....and they have gaming. Now this is the same one from Newport Beach which is what the owner said. It is a franchise place, but it's definitely pretty good and definitely worth coming back for!Plus I gotta win that TV!
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2007,8/4/2007,185,344,7,4,4>I'm a big kid. I don't gamble and I love games, so I love staying at circus circus. Even when I don't stay at circus circus I end up spending time at the midway anyway trying to win that gigantic spongebob or cookie monster (the cookie monster is currently sitting in my apartment). I also got my razor scooter from circus circus, how awesome is that??I'll take Fascination (it's one of the midway games) over poker tables any day and it only costs a quarter per game!The drawback is that my fiance loves Street Fighter arcades and he'd be glued to one looking for a challenge from another street fighter geek for an hour or so while I wandered around by myself. This is what I saw every time I came back to check on him.                                                       __                                                         ~O                                                \_/     K        ==O                   C         =|     /\                                                 /\HADOUKEN!                   SONICBOOM!I have no complaint about the hotel room either because who stays in the hotel room in Vegas?? You're supposed to be out and about anyway. You'll only be in the hotel room to get enough amount of sleep before you go out again. So CC's basic room is enough for me.I wouldn't go for the buffet at CC though. Go to one of the more expensive ones such as bellagio or MGM.p.s. Don't you DARE click on that private message link to tell me to grow up!p.p.s. I KNOW I can't make ascii art worth shit. Shutup. If you play street fighter you'll recognize it.
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2006,8/3/2007,28,157,3,2,2>Hmm... what word would be perfect to describe the Fashion Show Mall.  big... no.  Giant... huge...large... enormous...um, nope.  Those words won't do it.  How about super-large-ginourmous-humongusly-big.  Oh yes, that's perfect.  You would need a backpack filled with hiking supplies just to survive the trek across the mall.  I bet everyone gets lost here one point in their life.  Well, the place is the biggest mall I have ever seen.  They have tons of stores, like Pac Sun, Louis Vutton, Bloomingdales.  Geez, you name it, they probably have it.  The only thing I didn't like is how most the stores were very average.  I mean, they were small and didn't look special at all.  Kind of disappionting walking into a store and finding it smaller than the ghetto ones back in Cali.The food court was interesting.  I had the hardest time figuring out what to eat.  One place served sweet and sour chicken and mashed potatoes.  Interesting.  And the decor is interesting as well.  Giant forks, knives, and spoons hung from the ceililng.  I bet a Filipino designed it.  The fashion show... very funny.  The models got the walk down, but they lacked the looks.  I mean, one girl was wearing so much make up, I thought they ran out of models and grabbed the chick from a clown store.  The models were probably rejects who didn't make it into bigger and better shows.  I mean, some of them were ok, but the others weren't that good looking.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2007,8/2/2007,26,123,6,4,2>Value, value, value.  For the price of a room at most other places on the strip, you get a full on suite at the Jockey Club.  That suite comes complete with kitchen, pull out couch, multiple toilets, and decor that must be at least 40 years old.  Is it musty and tired looking?  Yes.  Does the majority of the clientel fit that description as well?  Yes.  Is it still a getto fabulous place to crash in the dead smack middle of the strip?  Damn yes.Bonus points for not having any gambling.  Its kinda nice to walk to your room without having to deal with the incessant lights and sound of 5 am gamblers.   Not that I've ever been one of those losers.  Uh.  Yeah.  Lets move on.  Go Jockey Club!!!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,8/1/2007,33,145,9,1,3>So, uh, this wasn't my idea. Honestly! My best friend wanted to do this as part of our bachelorette weekend, and I willingly went along because I'm a good friend and thought it'd be a nice story to tell the grandkids someday.My grandkids will NOT be hearing about the Chippendales. This is some seriously hot shit, and probably the most fun I had in my 72 hours of Vegasing. There're a fair amount of bachelorette parties there, but you also get would-be cougars who get schnockered on Sea Breezes and start pointing at the dancers and screaming, "THAT ONE'S MINE! AAAAAAAAUGHHHHHH!!!" Six stars if I could. :)
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,7/31/2007,694,567,6,5,6>I'll have the Kobe Beef burger....wait, $60 for a burger. NEVERMIND. I've always wanted to open a restaurant just like it. It started when I made burgers at home, I used top quality beef, with any toppings I could think of. So when I came here...I'd ordered the black Angus burger with grilled onions, blue cheese, mushrooms, Swiss,and prosciutto. I made a burger just like it at home and it taste almost identical. I didn't have the Ciabatta bread. I would come here everyday, if it wasn't so far away. I love beer and burger combo. It's almost as good a Hot girl and bed.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2006,7/30/2007,55,246,1,4,4>Super Mercado del Pueblo, a little slice of Mexico right on the fringes of Sin City. The market's strip mall -- which reminded me much more of semi-urban Mexico than the shops of Mexican-American neighborhoods in California -- also houses a self-serve car wash, a beauty parlor, and a shoe outlet (3 pairs for $20!). As you walk in the door, there's a portrait studio, a jewelery shop, and an insurance agent ...and, of course, slot machines... it's still Vegas, after all. The market itself is clean, busy, brightly lit, and friendly; at least three employees greeted us during our brief browse, offering help. The meat counter advertises Harris Ranch meats, with a seemingly endless selection of mostly Latino-style cuts; nearby, a well-stocked dairy counter has all of your queso-related needs covered. The large, comprehensive produce section's offerings looked a little chewed-on, but you can't beat the prices: $1 for 15 limes, anyone? They make a village's worth of tortillas every day on site, too... many of the 24-packs were still warm -- mmm! Two walls were covered with cellophane bags of every kind of dried chile, herb, and nut imaginable.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2006,7/29/2007,25,46,3,2,2>What if i was to tell you that there was this jewish deli that had pastrami so good that it turned whoever ate it jewish. K it doesnt turn anyone jewish but the pastrami was the best pastrami i have ever eaten. The "Woody Allen" is what we got and what they are most famous for. It is a giant pastrami sandwich probably a good 10inches tall or more. 2 people have to eat because each side is a meal in itself. The pastrami was wet but not too wet, and had just the right amount of saltiness. We put tobasco and honey mustard on it and knocked the tower down and just went thru it with a fork. It's so good i crave it now actually. We also ordered potato salad, which paired well with the pastrami'ness. This place is now the basis of comparison of my pastrami travels and will probably hold number 1. IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS YOU MUST GET THIS. Read the other review on this place....  it is an explosion of awesomeness in your mouth.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2007,7/28/2007,95,118,4,3,4>Great Great spot to go to in Las Vegas if you wanna have fun.  We showed up for the Tyrese/Akon show and after party, but once again hit with a road block.  So me and the whole celeb crew got ushered around to the back door (wink wink) and slipped right in  VIP and begin the party.  Soon as we enter Tyrese and posse got on stage and proceeded to blow the club up and it was a crazy performance with naked girls jumping on stage and acting wild.  I loved it....In VIP girls and guys are always trying to figure out you are when you're nobody but when you're with a bunch of somebodys then it baffles the rest of the public, which was OK with me.It was a blissful night with dancing and happy people having fun.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2007,7/27/2007,21,121,1,3,3>This is a great "late night" club, since they're open until 6am and their shows don't start until around 2 or 3. Compared with their Hollywood location, this venue is significantly larger with a much larger bar area as well. There's room for all parties as well (whether you want to sit, dance, stand or pass out.) The one thing that is great about both places is their choice of music--never has disappointed! A must see if in Vegas...
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,7/26/2007,127,497,5,6,6>For my 100th Yelp review, I've decided to talk about the BEST buffet in Las Vegas....the Wynn Buffet.  Yes, its a little pricey, but really $35 for dinner in Vegas for the amount and quality of food is not that bad.  There is a long line as well, but it doesn't seem any longer than other popular hotel buffets.  Anyway, back to the Wynn...Holy cow, what a great buffet.  And speaking of cow, the Wynn served some of the tastiest prime rib outside of SF's House of Prime Rib.  The buffet serves a wide variety of food, all of which was delicious and fresh.  In particular, the seafood and pizza bars stand out.  Everyone waxes poetic about the split Alaskan crab legs, which are indeed meaty and huge, but why talk about the pizza?  Well, the Wynn features a large open pizza oven operated by a pizza guy who is tossing fresh pizzas every few minutes.  We get friendly with him and he offers to make us a personal pizza with whatever we want on it, given the ingredients that he has.  We get a white sauce pizza with sausage, mushrooms, bacon, and spinach- sounds mundane, but it was jaw-droppingly good.  The three of us ended up taking the entire pizza back to the table, where we then proceeded to demolish it within minutes.  The pizza, when fresh out of the oven, featured a crust that was thin and flavorful, crisp yet pliable enough to fold in half.  That pizza, along with the best tandoori chicken I've had outside of an Indian restaurant, succulent cocktail shrimp, deliciously crisp haricot verts, and fabulous dessert bar (I wouldn't be surprised if its the same gelato and sorbet that they sell at Sugar & Ice), made for an extraordinary meal.Steve Wynn is known for being a perfectionist and it shows in the buffet and the little details.  For example, the table cloths were 100% Egyptian cotton and made in Italy.  I believe the silverware were Waterford.  The cocktail shrimp came with both tartar and cocktail sauce.  The entire place is very stylish, from the open kitchen feel of the buffet itself, to the modern, off-kilter stark white square plates and bowls.  The topiaries are made with real fruit, which included mangoes and whole jackfruit.  Service was great and attentive, though slightly slow.Overall, a buffet that outshines all the others in Vegas.  I would highly recommend it to anyone.  I'm definitely making a beeline for it next time I'm in town.
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2007,7/25/2007,19,40,,5,2>Boyfriend comes here all the time with his buddies after Japanese class, and it sucks having to hear all the fun I'm missing out on when I'm all the way across the country for school. But I went with him for the first time recently, and it was pretty darn good. I think the bento boxes are pretty much the way to go here. The other review has a good description of the varieties and the items included, although I think they've replaced chicken katsu with pork katsu and salmon teriyaki with fried fish. And chicken teriyaki is the only $5.00 bento.All the food was pretty good, and it's definitely enough to fill you up. The California roll lacked a little though, and the random potato salad reminded me of Aloha Kitchen. Everything else wasn't too shabby. Boyfriend said he got the shrimp tempura bowl the last time he went. He said it was alright, but he'll be sticking with the bentos from now on. Save your shrimp tempura bowl cravings for Ichiza.The Japanese girls are cute and nice, haha. The place itself doesn't have a very Japanese-like feel (more like Aloha Kitchen again), but it's clean with nice music. I think you'll find two groups of people here: UNLV kids or business folks, all out for a quick lunch.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2007,7/24/2007,68,659,,5,3>We went to the half price ticket office and got tickets for this show for about $60.  They only offered mezzanine seats, but when we got to Rio, the theater wasn't full at all and the seater there just sat us out in the front rows.  I liked this show because it's funny and they do some pretty amazing magic.  They also allow you to take pictures with them and sign autographs afterwards.  Very personable people.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2007,7/23/2007,93,307,4,2,1>I can't say too many bad things about the Paris hotel. It's cute and cozy and the pools fun. The only thing that kinda sucked about the rooms was the fact that there was no fridge and the bathroom sink kept clogging. The pool wasn't all that big and they closed it down both days...first day because some one threw up in it and the second day because some one pooped in it! EW! But at least they offer buy one get one free drinks when the pool closes at the bar. :) The strawberry margaritas rock and help keep cool in the heat. The best part is the location. It's right on the strip and you can walk to a few of the hotels and the rest are a short cab ride away! There is even a mall next door at planet hollywood. What else can you ask for?
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2007,7/22/2007,75,0,2,,3>This is not where I go to a dance party, nor where I go for a meal. It's more or less where I go to get away from the the insane cheap mentality of the Vegas strip. I grew up within the confines of this particular restaurant family as both my father and I worked for the original chain of this restaurant and their former siblings, the Hard Rock Cafe. Everytime I go to a House Of Blues, I get a familiar sense of calm. It's a former workplace that I never have problem going back to for a visit. I used to sleep in the Foundation Room in LA sometimes between night and morning shifts, so it may just bring me a comfort that maybe nobody else could understand. But I don't think it's just me.If the members look like they have money, it's because they do. A portion of their membership fees  go to support music programs in inner city schools. They started long before the VH1 programs and bring kids by the busloads on weekdays to teach the kids about the history of the blues. It's all for a good cause.  The decor is like it is in all of the Foundation Rooms. Vintage antique fabrics and rugs imported from India. And giant deities looming in dimly lit miniature rooms. When I worked at the House Of Blues Atlanta for the Olympics, I was part of the design team who helped decorate. I cringed as they made me cut up antique rugs to put on the walls that I knew were worth tens of thousands of dollars. This is not the stuff of La Brea Blvd. Buddha shops. It's the real deal. And mind you, if your looking for a hot Vegas dance spot where you can go to get liquored up and hump on people in the midst of go-go dancers, this is not Rain. This is where you bring a few friends for a chat and a couple of drinks in the midst of the mayhem. As far as the price of drinks, if your gonna complain about that, you should not be venturing into a private club. Drrrr!The thing that is most worth it to me in this particular location is the view. The yummy yummy sparkling view. A little windy at times. But as anybody who has stayed in Vegas knows, fresh air is a hard thing to come by.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2007,7/21/2007,28,128,4,7,2>I got married in this chapel, of course it was not my first choice.. I would have prefered Bellagio or The Venetian chapels, but given the prices of those and my budget the Treasure Island was the best choice, so I do highly recommend it, the staff was really friendly  and the flowers beautiful. I got the LEGACY WEDDING CEREMONY Package and was worth every penny, Cashman does your Photos they take ALOT of them during and after the ceremony, then when you are all done they make an apointment with you (if you will be in the city next day) so you can go and choose ur pics, of course you can buy extras but wow are they pricey (average $15 per pic) or if you cant be there they give you a web address where you can pick and buy any extra pics you want (and the ones that come with ur package are sent to your house).Well I went on and on about the photos and didnt really describe the chapel sorry... there really isnt much to it, its small and pretty.Any more Q's that you have send me an email, Ill be glad to help.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2007,7/20/2007,38,0,2,4,3>I should disclose I worked for Teavana several years ago for, like, all of three weeks. I can't imagine that would ever come up, but... just so you know.Anyway, it's pretty much *the* place to get your loose leaf tea here in Vegas. I think that bums me out a little, considering Teavanas pepper the nation. Ideally we'd have a store unique to Vegas for such products, but as hard as we try to update and upgrade this city, I can't say I believe we'll ever shift our focus to a healthier lifestyle.But enough of that. Teavana's still great-- tons of choices from white tea to rooibos to herbals and greens and blacks and fantastic oolongs. Wonderful stuff. Plus, you can pick up any tea-related accessory you need, and grab a cup while you shop. Service is sometimes slow and iffy. The way the store's set up is partially to blame, since the counter isn't big enough to really handle more than one customer at a time. Last I checked, they also only had one register, and that's a pain. But apart from those complaints, I'd encourage anybody interested in "getting into" tea to take a trip to Teavana first and foremost. Also, a personal recommendation: The "To Life" tea-- a combo of green tea pearls, Rooibos Tropica (a rooibos of tropical aromas and flavors), and white Silver Needle tea. You get triple the health benefits, and it's good for a couple of infusions. Plus, it don't taste bad either!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2007,7/19/2007,161,19,2,8,5>I was here for five nights last month for work(convention) and the Wynn is definitely a hotel I will be staying at again. I am a clean/neat freak so for me to say the Wynn met my needs in these areas is very rare. I saw few obnoxious drunks staggering around the casino floor(okay, I might have been one my last night there). Every encounter I had with a staff member was pleasant and you can tell that people are genuinely happy to be working at the Wynn. I've been to plenty of hotels that this isn't the case. The dresses on the cocktail waitresses on the casino floor are probably the shortest I have ever seen, yet... in some way are still classy. The Wynn made sure every woman waitressing can wear the dress well :-)The pool was nice but the "European" pool did not live up to the hype everyone had made it out to be. Maybe saw two or three topless ladies late afternoon Saturday but they could have done everyone a favor and kept the top on. Overall, this was not a big deal so, blah... The spa on the other hand, incredible! Steam & Dry Sauna, hot tubs... only thing is that I saw two guys in the main hot tub share a quick kiss and I could have gone without seeing that(they didn't do it in front of me but I saw it out of the corner of my eye).One thing that I think would make the hotel better. In the rooms, the flat panels are too small and the sound quality sucks. The flat panel in the bathroom serves no viewing purpose and they might as well have a radio in there since all I did was listen to the tv not see it.  Although I think the Bellagio has a slight edge over the Wynn, I would definitely recommend the Wynn to anyone who is considering staying there on their visit to Vegas! Oh, make sure to check out the singing frog show... Lowrider... Awesome!
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2007,7/18/2007,125,290,1,6,3>I wasn't too excited when I sat down to look at the menu at the Palm - being vegetarian, there wasn't a whole lot to choose from (this is a steakhouse). But I found a tomato mozarella salad that was large enough to be an entree when combined with some vegetarian side dishes that my family ordered to go along with their meaty entrees. Everything was seriously delicious - I particularly loved the wild mushroom side dish. The mozzarella in my salad was soft and moist and they brought me olive oil and balsamic vinegar so I could dress the salad to my liking. The entrees arrived just as my sister's 7-month-old got fussy, and she had to leave the table for a few minutes to walk the baby around. While she was gone, the waiter took her entree back to keep it warm, and as soon as she returned to the table he brought her dish right out to her without us even having to ask.Our server asked if we'd ever dined at the Palm before, and we hadn't. So, he comped our desserts. It was a really nice touch that I have never experienced at a restaurant before. This guy was a consummate professional, a career steakhouse waiter who has worked at five different Palm locations in the US and Mexico, we found out. He made the experience super pleasant for us. The decor is pretty traditional steakhouse, with personality added in the form of celebrity caricatures on all the walls. My feet were killing me the night I dined here, so I wore sneakers, and didn't feel like I was getting nasty looks from the staff for doing so - a big plus for me - if I can't wear sneakers somewhere, I'd rather not go.Do go to the Palm Restaurant if you're in Vegas. You'll enjoy awesome food as well as awesome service.
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,7/17/2007,54,76,7,4,1>i'm not going to lie and pretend i was sober at all during my experience here, i mean we were trashed on the plane there.. no soberness involved. we went to vegas last july for nikki boobie's bachelorette party and stayed 4 days at the hard rock. i think it would just be easier to take you day by day through our adventure so you can fully understand the 5 star rating. day 1- we land in vegas, it's hot as fuck and we are not sober. we payed a ridiculous fee to be limo'd over to the hotel. inside the hotel, we check in and dump our bags in the room. we wait around for the rest of the bitches to arrive and we head out for the night. we go to tryst in the wynn and meet up with these weirdo douche bags that had a table there. one guy had an amex black card and spoke of his many trips to the south of france... he was greasy and short. we get charged $15 a shot. time to go!!! we go back to the hard rock and party at body english for free.. much better! then we head over to mr. lucky's for a late night meal. mr. lucky's is the cafe in the hard rock. it's the bomb.day 2- we wake up and head down to the hard rock pool. rehab is going on this weekend (the biggest pool party of the year) so it's crowded!!! the pool is so dirty you can't see your feet in one foot deep water, people are sloppy drunk and fucktrotting in the pool. it's only 11 am saturday morning. i meet a guy names big b. big b has a cabana and says me and my 5 girlfriends can drink in his cabana. SCORE! free drinks all day saturday!!! we eat at the pink taco. pink taco is hella good! we are hammered by 5 and go to mr. lucky's for dinner. we meet a promoter who promises us VIP in Body English that night. Wo0t to more free shit! We go up to the room to get ready and end up falling asleep. we wake up at 12:30 and decide to go out. we make it to Mr. Lucky's and a quick spin around the casino. we are hit on by forigners and ghetto people. back to the room.day 3- REHAB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YEAAAAA!!!! we go out to the pool. it's more insane than the day before. we meet "married guy" who is from new york and spend the day hanging out with him and drinking out of his cabana. he's cool and will fill his drink and then pour half of it one of our drinks so we don't have to leave to pool area. we pose for the billions of cameras there and we spot ernie.... ernie was just floating in the pool all by himself. nikki boobie and i rescue him and carry him around for the rest of the day. that giant inflatable penis got us a lot of free drinks, so we decide to take him home with us. after a long day at the pool we make our way to the japanese restaurant that i can't think of the name of at the moment. day 4- we hit up mr. lucky's one last time and get packed to head back to cali. mr. lucky's has the best omlets ever. omg, best ever after a weekend of hardcore drinking. moral of the story... 6 bitches go to vegas for 4 days for a bachelorette party and only wander out of the hard rock for about a 6 hour period. we drink for free for 3 days straight inside the hotel. this hotel is the shit!!!! between the room, the pool, mr. lucky's, pink taco, body english the casino, the bar and the japanese place... we were more than entertained. all these great places located in one hotel... that's why i give the hard rock 5 stars.
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/8/2007,7/16/2007,68,62,5,12,4>I really wanted to love this place. Sure, everyone likes being contrary once in a while, but it's gotten pretty old to me. I don't like whipped cream or the OC or Will Ferrell, so I sometimes feel very ostracized. This means that when everyone says a restaurant is going to be amazing, I really want it to be amazing. And, for the most part, Picasso was. The amuse-bouche (formally known to me as the small amount of free food you get at the beginning of a really fancy meal) was a doll's sized cup of roasted pepper soup, and smoked salmon on the side topped with a tiny bit of tiny caviar. I'm completely obsessed with smoked salmon either way but I'm pretty sure this was high quality. The wine was also good and in general the degustation menu was stunning (though, of course, also doll's sized): lobster salad with truffle-apple-champagne vinaigrette (and I usually hate things with apple besides plain apples) followed by grilled foie gras, then roasted lamb (my choice), and then dessert. To me the foie gras was overpowering. Accompanied by a small block of quince and a few miniscule huckleberries, it should have been light and rich at the same time. Usually when I eat foie gras, it's so delicious that I forget all the horror stories about how it's made, but this was so pungent and creamy that I couldn't stop thinking about those little geese being cruelly overfed. The lamb I had was quite delicious, though a few of the pieces were overcooked (I ordered it rare). For that step of the menu my boyfriend chose turbot, which was definitely overcooked. It's one thing to slightly overcook red meat, but I think it's basically criminal to overcook nice fish at a very fancy restaurant.This is going to sound crazy--and fine, it is--but my two main problems were with the bread and the service. The bread was mediocre! It's so easy to get delicious bread and warm it up before you serve it! The quality of this bread fell somewhere between the free bread you get when you buy soup and the bread you can buy for half off at the end of the day. In other words, it wasn't terrible, but it was nowhere near delicious. The service was weird. It's like there were all these people running around who worked there but could not see us. They did a great job with the whole "I see you trying to get my attention but something extremely important is happening six inches behind you and just to your left" thing. Normally I don't mind this--I love being left alone--but it took us a while to be allowed to order, and all the food took a long time to come, and the only time we really got attention was right before we got our bill. In my paranoid moments I think we got this service b/c we only ordered one glass of wine. I'm happy to report that the desserts were delicious. We had the apple whatever beignets everyone talks about, and loved them, and then also this blueberry parfait thing that came with lemon cream and blueberry sorbet and slightly orange-flavored thin cookies. I would recommend eating here if someone is taking you out to eat; otherwise, I'd try Sensi instead (also in the Bellagio).
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,7/15/2007,521,497,7,14,13>The DYL crew was hungry and seeing as I know my way around town, I suggested some Chinese food.  That seemed to pique everyone's interest...the hungry group was ready to go as soon as I had mentioned it.   We managed to cram 8 people in the backseats of the Jeep Commander. Luckily, as the driver, I didn't have to feel like a sardine.  We headed toward Chinatown Plaza and reached our destination and piled out like clowns at the circus.  Sam Woo's was a blessing to many who thought they'd only be eating at the casino's the whole trip.I've been to Sam Woo's many times and have not been disappointed with the food.  It's typical HK/Cantonese food and reasonable for an individual or group.  They have Chinese BBQ, which includes roasted duck, roasted pork, BBQ pork, salted chicken, and soy sauce chicken, as well as other staples such as chow mein, chow fun, porridge, won ton, and other meat, vegetable, and seafood creations.  For this particular feast, we decided on a beef chow fun, chicken chow mein, honey walnut prawns, roast duck, bbq pork, spicy tofu, salted pork chops, Chinese broccoli, and Westlake soup.  Everything tasted good and seemed to satisfy everyone's palate.  The Asian restaurant row along Spring Mountain Road has grown over the years, and there are probably similar restaurants that can deliver the same or better quality than Sam Woo.  But it's nice to have a goto place that you can rely on when you're craving Chinese food in Vegas.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2007,7/14/2007,871,695,13,11,12>Things you will not see at The Signature...- The 6 dudes from Jersey in tank tops walking around with yard sticks of slushee drinks from Fat Tuesdays- Gladys the 86 year old chain smoker from Sparks, NV- Poor saps like me walking through 50 banks of slot machines with my roller bag just trying to get to my room- That super sweet cover band singing the latest and greatest from Huey Lewis and the newsAnyways...other reviewers have this place spot on.  It's connected to the MGM Grand which makes it accessible and still technically on the strip but when you walk through those key carded doors, you enter something completely different.  It's quiet, smoke free, and quite pleasant.  When the archdog is wasted and it's time to "leave the party" either under my own power or not, the last thing I want is more "Vegas."  The MGM Signature is a nice escape with plush beds, flat screen HD TVs, and large jacuzzi spas.  The pool scene is quite nice too.    This is my new Vegas HQ.  In case you were wondering.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/12/2007,7/13/2007,401,318,2,6,6>Stayed here for free. Thanks Cinevegas!the ugly first:FIrst impressions: the lobby redefines loud, tacky, and smoky even by vegas standards. The air is unbreathable in this lobby, period. You could just walk through and your clothes will reek of smoke the rest of the day. The band is blaring their terrible music and the oldest, saddest, and shabbiest townie gamblers are all here. Then there are the endless corridors. from the elevator to our room was about a 600 yards of ugly emarld patterned carpet. I called it "The green mile". Reasons to overlook this ugliness:a) location, location, location: If you are planning to spend most of your time at the Palms but can't afford it or they're booked, this is hella convenient. It's right across the street so you can get drunk off your ass and stumble back to your room. However if you want to be on the MAIN strip, this is not your place. (google vegas casino map)b) We were pleasantly shocked that after FINALLY getting into the room it was spacious, clean, with a flat screen tv mounted on the wall and nice bathroom. Good bed.  But the coffemaker produced undrinkable brown water.....c) the little coupons they give you for a free ice cream, a free cocktail, some other stuff.....i love free stuff. And the 24 hour diner/coffee shop was pretty fun- we got a $5 graveyard special of steak &eggs (with hashbrowns and toast) that hit the spot at 3 am. If you wanna do kitchsy while you're here, this could be the place. d) gambling here is much less intimidating if you are a newbie....At the palms everything is going so fast and no one looks patient enough to tolerate your confusion. We wanted to put "$5 on red" entourage-style but at the Palms couldn't quite figure out how to just jump in....but Gold Coast it was much easier. Good "warm up" place for that sort of thing.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2007,7/12/2007,77,83,7,4,5>"Hi, my name is Stephany, and I am addicted to Bingo." Seriously, I am. But it's funny because now it has gotten so bad, I prefer certain bingo rooms over others, based on no real criteria whatsoever. They are all pretty standard. People in their eighties, a large bingo board or two, a lady calling out the numbers, free donuts, etc. My friends and I stick out like sore thumbs, but it does not dissuade me. The Sunset Station bingo room is my favorite. All of the previous amenities (including the eighty-somethings) are included, but the room is much larger than most around town and they offer the cool electronic bingo screens. I don't like using these, I prefer using my cool Elvis dauber, but they are offered nonetheless. Before the game starts, you can stock up on a few free soft drinks or coffee, and there is a snack machine in case you need an energy boost in the middle of the session. Get there early for the best seating. Some of the seniors are ruthless when it comes to seating. I know there are tons of ways to gamble in Las Vegas, but Bingo is by far the best. You play for an hour and can gamble as little or as much as you want. I like to go big and spend about eight bucks, but please, limit yourself. HA! Anyway...Bingo is the new blackjack, I'm telling you.Game times are on the odd hours starting at 11 and ending at 9pm. Check online for the best progressive payouts. I don't know what these are, but the old folks have fits about them. So I assume they are pretty important!
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/30/2007,7/10/2007,0,0,4,1,1>HAHHAHAHAHAH where else can i lay next to a SUPPPPER duper compact bodybuilder man (a very nice man at that- only because he was headbanging to metallica that was cleary ripping up his head phones with too much treble)  thats greased up, laying out getting a tan in hot pink spandex speedos- when im almost POSITIVE that if he isn't a candidate for skin cancer... he already has it!!!  i can hear my lovely girls splashin around in the pool with their breakfast margaritas...  as i get a seemingly permanent tan line across the middle of my back.greatness.chaos.  lovely.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2007,7/9/2007,84,199,,4,5>I always find it funny how chain steakhouses go through the pomp and circumstance of "explaining the menu."  Yes, it's a la carte.  Yes, I know we'll have to split some sides.  Yes, I know I can get my steak with some clever sauce on it.That said, good place.  Eight of us went here.  Not cheap...two cocktails, a great steak, sides, and starters, and it ended up being about a hundred a head, but we were stuffed.  The lobster mac and cheese was a little scary but was actually quite good.  The steaks were big and the cocktails were too.  Friendly waiter, and a nice view of the strip.  I'd go back.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,7/8/2007,0,0,6,10,9>I like to regard myself as a club connoisseur. I LOVE clubs! I love dancing, and mingling, and flirting...and everyone knows I LOVE drinking! So I was psyched to check this place out. First of all, I had to wait in line. I never usually have to wait in line for clubs. I HATE waiting in line! But I kept an open mind, knowing that I was probably in for a treat. I'm glad I was patient. Upon entering the elevator with your party and about two beefy bouncers, you get the feeling that quite a wild night might be in store. As the elevator rises and gets closer to the club, you start to hear the music...it gets louder...the bass is coming through the walls...the elevator opens...you walk to the right, and there it is: a sea of beautiful bodies moving to amazing music. I immediately started dancing when I walked in this place (it didn't hurt that I was already buzzed)! The clientele is seriously upscale, but not Snooty Von Snoots, so I loved the atmosphere. The bartenders and servers are uber hot here. I am assuming that there are quite a few bartender/server/bouncer orgies that take place after every shift! Oh and the view! You can see the entire Strip from this club. It's absolutely gorgeous.I will absolutely be going back here in June.-1 star because I had to stand in friggin' line...I am a girl. A hot girl! How can you make me stand in line?????
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2007,7/7/2007,115,291,1,3,5>This hotel is SO my speed. Sleek. Modern. Gorgeous. The suites are very nicely appointed, with sophisticated neutrals that don't assault your senses, a big comfy bed , floor to ceiling windows and great attention to detail in the furnishings and toiletries. Love the plasma tv and flat screens everywhere as well!
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2007,7/6/2007,849,1374,11,4,5>Here's Donald Rumsfeld giving his review of the Bellagio Buffet...Is the food in the buffet good? Of course.Would I eat at a $30 buffet ever day? Of course not.Is it the best buffet I've ever had? No.Is it worth eating at? Doggone it, probably. But only if you're really craving a buffet like a fox in a henhouse after you've already eaten at the Paris Casino.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2007,7/5/2007,146,334,5,7,9>If this place were a bar by itself on a street somewhere, I'd probably be considering it for 4 stars.  Unfortunately, like many things in Las Vegas, it is tucked away in the corner of an obscenely large casino.  The casino in question is WAY off the strip.  The pub is up on the second or third floor and way off in the corner.    Our search for this place felt like an episode of  Lord of the Rings:  Following signs, backtracking, splitting up and meeting again, etc.  We had a great advantage over the hobbits in that we had our cell phones to keep in touch.  Furthermore, we could stop and rest along the way with booze, food, and of course craps.  Those poor little hobbits...Our 8 person party was escorted to a table through a labyrinth of small rooms/anterooms and seated for dinner.  We drank like fish, ate lots of fish and chips, and enjoyed the band.  It was for the most part a great bar band, the kind you often see in Vegas if you're just walking around.  It was a little jarring to have to leave the nice dark wood and dim lighting of the pub to go out into the casino and find the restroom, but we all survived.  Unless you're already out in Green Valley for some reason, I can't imagine any great reason to hit this place.  However if you are already in the building, it's a decent place to drink.  They also show lots of Rugby, Premier League, and other European/International sporting events at the usual early morning time if you're so inclined.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/22/2006,7/4/2007,954,774,3,2,2>Can I just say that if you are claustrophobic at any level, you WILL die here. After hearing all the hype, of course my girls and I wanted to check it out. Passes helped tons (as well as being with an all-female group), got in quickly and was ushered upstairs to the club. 5 stars for the venue, everything was so decorated, down to every last detail. The bathroom doors are transparent until you get in the stall and lock the door... it magically frosts!!! Kinda freaky, but definitely funny if you're a bit drunk. The music was good hip hop/top 40 stuff, but it was impossible to dance at all!! The dance floor was completely over-packed, with people practically on top of other people. I must have had at least four red bull vodkas spilled all over me before I even reached the center. and I don't like wearing liquor!! VIP service wasn't bad, drinks were made pretty strong. I would have enjoyed this place soo much more if it wasn't so damn crowded though... or maybe I just wasn't drunk enough.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2007,7/2/2007,37,65,1,4,3>Tryst is defined as, "a secret meeting between lovers." Let me tell you, the crowd at Tryst will live up to that definition. Everyone there is amazing and no one there is ghetto, nor hyphy - bonus points. I've partied in New York, Chicago, and San Francisco. This is my favorite club, period. The place is just amazing - from the moment you step in and see the waterfall to the music and the crowd, to the deep red walls and booths - it creates for itself a fun time. My friends and I did go on a Thursday Night - that may make a difference apparently as some of my other friends went on a Saturday night and did not have as good of a time - apparently Thursday nights is the "Tryst" night, as the locals will say.It was definitely worth the cover and the time we spent there. I want to go back there soon.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2007,7/1/2007,119,444,3,3,6>10PM and all the mainstream restaurants are no longer serving.  You hate walking aimlessly through smoky casinos looking for food.So, if you're me, you walk up the strip.  And walk, and walk.  Your food choices include Denny's, McDonalds, Harley-Davidson Cafe.A sign for a new Brazilian-type restaurant shown on the side of the Krave building had me hopeful, but I walked a block in the wrong direction only to find there was no such place.  Arg.  But, it's good to know that if I'm ever looking for boys dressed like girls, Krave is the place to find them...I digress.  I kept on walking and walking, and ended up at Fatburger.  It was good but the service was crazy slow.I ate my Kingburger and fries, slurped down my shake, and steeled myself for another long walk back down the strip.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2007,6/30/2007,81,60,5,6,6>Before I could write this review I had to check the restaurants website to try and remember what I ate there. It was the sauteed rock shrimp. Now...does not remembering what I ate mean the food was forgettable, or does it simply mean that I killed one too many brain cells this weekend. I'll let you make that decision (one is far more likely than the other).  Something that I always fret about are serving sizes. Serve me a massive plate of food with only a little of what I ordered and like 90% rice won't make me happy, but serve me a dish with a generous helping of shrimp on a bed of rice and greens and I'm a happy camper. I'll camp here more often.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,6/29/2007,190,181,12,11,10>This place ws suggested to us by good ol' Jeff T for Elin's birthday. Although a good two miles off the strip, this restaurant was worth the cab ride.Not to be out done in selection, there were more than thirty different styles of rolls to choose from (the hawaiin and candy cane roll I was rather fond of) and the experimental, or unusual named items such as the Who's Your Daddy turned out to be a tasty delight. Bella even got some head and had a Screaming Orgasm.Beyond the extensive and massive amount of food to be had, the ambience of this sushi bar was perfect for our small group of friends to chat and dine casually, happily enjoying each other's company. The cheery, personable and friendly demeanor of our server Kevin made the night even more enjoyable, as he acccomodated our questions and stopped our incomnig rolls when we had over ordered (every roll with left overs counts as a la carte.) Even amongst the bright lights and showiness of Vegas one can find the nice and honest personal touches.At $25 a person (not including the hot sake we ordered) and having eaten what would have been $38 worth of sushi a la carte, this is a good bargain if you bring your appetite.Just be warned it may take up to an hour to get a taxi to come and pick you up from there as it's so far from the strip.Unless you're able to nab one from the Taco Bell drive-thru across the street.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,6/28/2007,267,382,1,9,5>This was my favorite meal on this trip to Vegas.  I love the menu here.  It has a flare of adventure to it, but the food feels familiar.  Service was decent, but not anything to rave about.Are you into wine?  They have 300 different wines to select from.  The decor in the restaurant is dark woods, I felt like I was in somebody's library, but the books were replaced by hundreds of bottles of wine.  The restaurant itself is somewhat cramped, which I didn't like, but I think the size of the chairs accentuated the feeling.  Oh wait, maybe it was all of the loud and noisy logo encrusted polo shirt  wearing Technogeek trade show goers going out to dinner on the company expense account overtaking the restaurant that gave it the cramped feeling... Okay, it probably wasn't.The food was heaven.  I could have cried while I was eating the complimentary pseudo-amuse bouche that was served to us before our appetizer arrived.  ceci bruschetta.   I have never enjoyed eating chickpeas quite so much before.  You bite in and it's the perfect texture - soft, but not too soft, the flavors delight your taste buds and leaves you wanting more...I cannot get over how delicious the cauliflower sfromato with sweet shrimp and fennel was.  The ingredients are so simple yet prepared in such a unique way.My whole grilled branzino (white fish - bass - moist, but flaky, fresh tasting, molto delicioso) with fennel was to die for, the trio of rabbit the husband had was delicious.  My branzino was brought to the table whole and then they filet and de-bone it for you before serving.  It came with a fresh lemon relish made with candied lemon peels.  Delicious.We shared an order of rapini with roasted garlic (baby broccoli greens - tasted a lot like gailan (chinese broccoli)) - delicious, but nothing all that special.Our dessert was a melon sorbet and lemon mint sorbet  with fresh melon.  Extremely refreshing even after stuffing ourselves with the rest of the meal.  They also served complimentary sampler desserts of a berry gum drop, an espresso chocolate cookie and something else that I can't remember right now.  I walked out of there wanting to go back.  If I had my way, we would have eaten there everyday.  Mario?  When are you opening a restaurant in the Bay Area?--Update 5/12/08:  We just recently went back to B&B and I am even more enamored with this restaurant than I was before.  The service was impeccable on this visit and so was the food.  My mouth is watering just thinking about our meal!  Duck prepared two ways, crisp skin, moist perfectly seasoned meat.... perfectly cooked grouper served on a bed of a mix of vegetables that included fava beans and chard, amazing bucatini pasta served with perfectly roasted artichoke hearts and a little heat from red pepper flakes, the best calamari fritti I have ever eaten.  Very lightly battered, soft and tender with just a slight crispiness.  Perfection.  I again urge Mario to PLEASE open up a restaurant in the Bay Area. I have dubbed this one of my all time favorite restaurants.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2007,6/27/2007,4,56,1,5,4>So, after several years of not eating at an restaurant of Mr. Lagasse, I finally made it to Delmonico's.  Why might you ask?  Well for one reason - the bone in aged rib-eye steak.This was the third Emeril restaurant that I've eaten at.  I used to live in New Orleans and ate at his first restaurant, Emeril's, and his casual outpost, NOLA, several times.  The food was good at times, not so great at other times, but the one thing that was constant was the excellent service.  Delmonico's continues that tradition.  The service is excellent.  At times, it's a little too friendly, but attentive and not overbearing.  Food came out at a very good pace, allowing for long conversations without interruption.  And the decor is so understated and clean.  It really is a nice change from all of the typical Vegas restaurants with loud lighting and faux-glam decor.Because my girlfriend was so eager to try Emeril's food (she's a big fan), we started off with some classics - barbecued shrimp (New Orleans style) and shrimp cocktail with remoulade sauce.  The lunch menu usually has shrimp remoulade over fried green tomatoes.  However, it wasn't on the menu and I really wanted my girlfriend to try it.  The waiter was nice enough to accommodate my request, learned they had some prepared and served it with the shrimp cocktail.  To drink, she ordered a glass of Loosen Bros.  "Dr. L Estate" Riesling and I ordered a glass of Laurent Perrier NV Champagne. The Riesling was recommended by the Asst. Sommelier.  The waiter initially recommended an Australian white blend.  But to me, it didn't seem like the best match with the barbecued shrimp because it lacked the acidity to cut the richness of the dish.  When I commented to the Sommelier that I thought the Australian white had Viognier in it, he said it definitely did.  As we talked more, he said the Riesling was a "perfect match" for the barbecued shrimp.  You know what?  It was.  My girlfriend wolfed down half of the barbecued shrimp, taking a sip of the Riesling with each bite.  She even raved - it was a perfect match.  And she also loved the remoulade.  The barbecued shrimp were cooked well, I noticed one of the shrimp I had was a little tough, but the remaining shrimp were plump and juicy.  The shrimp cocktail was great.  Cold, large shrimp, moist, juicy and firm.  They were perfect with the remoulade sauce.From there, we split the bone-in rib eye which was cooked ABSOFRIGGINLUTELY PERFECTLY MED-RARE TO MED.  It wasn't charred, but had that crunch of a good high-temp seared steak.  The twice baked potato with bacon and cheese was sinfully great.  The asparagus was sauteed with garlic and shallots, cooked perfectly through with still a slight crunch.  We shared a half bottle of 2003 Pine Ridge Crimson Creek Merlot which was a good match for the steak.  It had good balance, acidity, but enough soft fruit to please my girlfriend, who doesn't like tannic wines.Dessert was banana cream pie for her, pecan pie for me.  Both were excellent.  The banana cream pie wasn't as sweet as expected, which made it even more easy to eat.  She ordered an espresso martini made with espresso (not the flavored vodka), I ordered a glass of 2003 Carmes de Rieussec Sauternes and finished with a cup of chicory coffee to finish.Was it inexpensive? Of course not.  It was quite expensive.  But for the excellent quality of food (far, far, far better than Gallagher's and probably the second best only to Bouchon of the restaurants I've eaten at in Vegas) and the best service I've had in Vegas (yes, better than Bouchon), it was worth it.  Why 5 stars?  Because everything went right.  Was the service perfect? Almost.  Was the food perfect?  Almost.  Were the drinks perfect?  Almost.  Adding that all together with the right person I wanted to share the evening with, it was perfect.  (Although I didn't ever finish my French Laundry review, that place IS nearly perfect with whoever you go with.  It is still to this day, the best eating experience I have ever had and I've had the fortune of going there 3 times now.)Now if I could only remember the name of the Asst. Sommelier, I would give him a shout out here.  I am once again a fan of Emeril.  But please, no "BAM."
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,6/25/2007,478,91,1,7,9>===========================RJR - ISSUE #11 - Special Edition==========================="LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION!"This hotel is on my favorite end of the Las Vegas Strip...but best of all it's in walking distance and centralized between the likes of the Bellagio, Monte Carlo, MGM Grand, Luxor, and Manadalay Bay. Location is one of the reasons why I highly favor this hotel.Now we're not talking Waldorf-Astoria Hotel so don't expect Park Avenue perks when it comes to staying here.  But for Las Vegas glitz and glam its a nice fascade of New York Imagery.ltierney.demon.co.uk/webNow...I'm not much on gambling....But when I am in sin city... I do like to check out the glitz , a show or two, people watch among the tourist from all over the world, check out the local eats...and most of all...relax when I want to get away from the crowds...~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Which is why we like to stay at one NY-NY's Spa deluxe Rooms.nynyhotelcasino.com/imagRates From: $155 a nightA comfortable pad with 400-500 square feet...one king-size bed, sitting area and large clover-shape spa tub thoughtfully positioned in the corner of the bedroom.  The bathroom is very roomy with an over-size shower and vanity.   And there's more than enough space to unload your luggage & lay out all your gear for your Vegas stay.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~­~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~Living the Vegas life with your own spa in your room is the way to go!  And keep in mind I do believe the Luxor and Caesar's offer similar Spa Deluxe rooms.I highly recommend!*SPECIAL BONUS FEATURES*-  Don't forget to check out there promotions board from time to time for package deals:nynyhotelcasino.com/prom - Check out - Coyote Ugly - Where hot female bartenders will entertain you with their cool artistic pouring techniques.coyoteuglysaloon.com/veg
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2007,6/24/2007,118,439,,4,5>It is pretty difficult to say more than has already been said by the great reviews.  I thought the show was fantastic.  The acrobatics were amazing and the incorporation of a pseudo story line kept you alert to the different areas of activity on the stage.  The diving is truly incredible and had me on the edge of my seat.For the most part, the music was good but it gets a bit repetitive and would be better if there was something more familiar.  The choreography was remarkable and the set was unlike anything out there.  My only real complaint is the clowns.  I know that the performers have to rest and change clothes...but the clowns were boring.  It was funny the first couple times but by the end I was falling asleep during their sketches.  That needs some revamping.All in all, I think it is worth the money and highly entertaining.  The Cirque shows are a Vegas must.  I thought Love was great and am looking forward to catching Mystere next time.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2007,6/23/2007,349,906,14,13,14>Amy Winehouse wouldn't be singing her catchy jingle if she had made it to this Rehab.  My goodness  you breeders know how to throw a party! And I thought the gays had the market on debaucherous dance parties.  Next time I read an article on the Black or White Party as if its some representation on the filthy morals of homosexuals, I'm bringing up this place as a harsh right back at ya.  O but how does one get in?  Ok, first of all throw out all notions of economics of both finance and time with this one.  Some poor souls show up at 8 am, 4 hours before this place even allows its first non hotel guest to the pool, to get a place in line.  And the line continues at this wait for about 4 hours all afternoon long.  Wha? Say you incredulously. No way would you do this you say but then you see the line packed with hot people of all persuasions...ok not ALL persuasions but enough to give you hope.But are you serious? who waits in line for 4 hours for a pool party that costs $50 to get into and charges $17 for drinks once your inside only to have no place to lay your towel and throw your precious belongings in a bush.  Well, I answer-hot looking, fun ass people who know how to party, that's who!The layout of the pool has already been well described but I think what's left out here and overlooked is the quiet side of the pool.  No one goes over to the left of the entrance, past the water slide is a lagoon of tranquility where some bigger boys from Texas let me know I wasn't the only gay in the village. The music is jumping and the $17 I bemoan, were 32oz filled souvenir drinks, I suppose you could get cups or glasses but WHY EVER WOULD YOU?  Do You know how drunk you can get on 64 ounces of margaritas or redbull and vodka.  Yippy Yay! And when everyone gets drunk o, doesn't everyone get so friendly? so so friendly, and touchy. Men who snuggled with the ladies in the pool fondled my butt.  Ok, have you seen my butt?  But still, in front of hundreds of other people.And just as my friend Kara and I were bemoaning the lack of house music at the Vegas clubs the night before, don't they splice in some serious hard core house music here.  Watch the heck out, we were dancing on the island on the middle of the pool.  So yeah you pay $50 to get in, $30 VIP unless your a hotel guest but you are there all day.  Seriously, all day.  Ok if your unlucky, half that day is spent in line but...actually there is a way off the line and speedily so, simply buy a spa package at The Hard Rock Spa.  They totally market it to you and its overpriced but this is how I got in and friends, this is the way to go.  I wanted a spa service while in Vegas but demurred because they were so pricey but here, there's at least a way to save yourself some money at the Rehab door and time on the line and time is money...
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2007,6/22/2007,319,125,18,9,8>This place gets all 5 stars b/c I can't remember much more than my mild-mannered friend throwing a fit b/c we had to pay for the limo ride to. Apparently, most limos won't charge to strip clubs b/c they get paid by the club per head. (No, not that kind of head you pervert). Oh yeah, and I remember this earnest little guy who didn't have much in terms of testosterone, but he sure did make up for it with effort. Q was dancing his goddamn ass off. So much so that he sobered me up enough to form memory links of his little booty shaking shaking shaking. You get an "A" from me Q!(Now get your ass to A.P. alien boy! =)
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2007,6/21/2007,93,146,4,8,8>A.K.A. - T.I.At first, I was a little skeptical of staying at this hotel, but it was actually a really good experience.  Yes, when we walked into our room I was a little weirded out by the mirror wall, but it turned out to be in our best interest because we could all use it at the same time.  Four girls and one bathroom mirror would not have been a good situation!  I'm sure there are other creative uses you could put this to, but I'll leave that up to you. :)The rooms with two double beds were spacious and clean.  The beds were very comfortable.  The TV and tub are both big, though they aren't in the same room, duh, and there is a close up mirror in the bathroom.  The hotel is located on the far end of the strip, before you venture out into Old Las Vegas, but its still in a very good location to enjoy everything the strip has to offer.  You can walk to the Wynn, Mirage, Venetian, Ceasar's Palace, The Bellagio, Paris and Bally's, just to name a few.  The casino itself is pretty popular.  Their always seemed to be a good crowd enjoying themselves.  What else can I tell you?  There's a Starbucks in the lobby, away from the casino, bonus star for that.  And in the evenings there is a free show on the side of the hotel called The Sirens of T.I., or something like that.  I never actually caught the show, but from the previews they played on the T.I. jumbotron it looked like a bunch of scantily clad pirate wenches tossing their hair around - good times!  They dance around on a real, fake pirate ship!  I've heard that the pirate show used to be more of a pirate fight, a la Pirates of the Caribbean.  I'm sorry I missed out on the original.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,6/20/2007,334,295,4,3,3>Right.  Let me say that i know how to put things in perspective.  Speaking of perspective Ghost Bar affords you with perhaps the best view in Vegas and one of the best views from a bar anywhere in the world (I would venture that it is in the top 20).  Don't go there if you want to danceDon't go there if you want cheap drinksDon't go there if you want friendly personable serviceAnd for Lord's sake don't go there if you are afraid of heightsDo go there because you want the experience of your friends freaking out as you jump up and down on a plexiglass floor panel that bends as it tries to keep you 55 floors up in the air.(But don't actually jump on the panel.  I'm trying to stay on management's good side)Do start out your night there or go when you are still very sober.Remember when you are in Vegas things aren't cheap.  Let your credit card off the leash and have some fun.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2006,6/19/2007,199,77,6,8,6>this is the perfect place for people who want to skydive, but cant afford it, or are afraid of heights.  for $70, you get 3min of "in the air" time.  yeah, that sounds steep, but if you think about in terms of an actual skydive which may run you $200 for 30 second of "in the air" time.  (i know actual skydiving would be hella cool)  it also includes dressing up in all the gear, i.e. parachute jumpsuit and the 20 min training class.  once youve been taught the basics of safety, and how to fall safely, you get to enter the super padded air-silo.  you look below you and you see the giant fan that will get you floating.  they have you lay on your stomach and a trainer stand by you to help guide you.  one thing to know...relax.  the more your body is relaxed, the more you can control how you float in the air...plus the more alone time you have in the air without the trainer.  my buddy was so stiff and nervous, the trainer had to keep turning off the fan.  if want to do another 3 min, they offer it for an additional $35, but only on the same day.  remember when you go...relax...
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2006,6/17/2007,94,108,2,2,4>The best Benihana ever! This place is visually stunning! It has that indoor/outdoor design that Vegas is soo fond of. You know when you're indoors but looks like your outside(kinda). What is that called? Anyways imagine your in a Japanese tea garden...at night. There is a pink, orange and purple sunset and the occasional fireworks display. A stream, bridge and lots of cherry blossom trees. The actual dining area  is inside of a house which is inside of the inside/outside tea garden, overlooking the stream. A hostess dressed in full kimono attire escorts you to your table. Other than all that, it's just a regular old Benihana...
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,6/16/2007,235,198,12,10,13>7 Days and counting...Are you gonna be there? So since Yelp doesn't have a Calendar and since Talk is probably not the best place to post the details I thought we might go a different route --- Forgive me Nish! It's not exactly a review but it is a real place! And is definitely going to be a REAL GOOD TIME! Enough about that...it's time to get down to brass tacks! It's time for a ROADTRIP! I'm taking the DYL on the road to VEGAS and guess whose birthday we'll be celebrating? *** MINE *** Ohhhhhh yeeeeaaaahhhh! So wrong, you know it's right... What: Todd E.'s DYL Vegas Birthday Debauch-a-thon/The 1st Annual Destroy Your Liver LAS VEGAS-style DYL Drunk-tacular Weekend --- I'm going to VEGAS and I want YOU to come along... Why: Because believe it or not, I've never been to Vegas and that means I have YEARS of catching up to do... When: Friday June 15, 2007 to ??? It's almost that time! Where: The Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino --- Las Vegas, NV.What and When, By Day: LOOSE Itinerary --- DISCLAIMER: This is where and when we'll be meeting, you can be there, at the Black Jack table, strip bar or at the Chicken Ranch but, at least you'll know where to meet up with the crew after you're done getting your 'thing' on... Friday, June 15th ----------------------- 1PM:  DYL 'Let's get it Started' Starter at Coral Reef Lounge, Mandalay Bay, Casino Floor, Center (whatever that means...) Yelper Contact:  Todd E. --- Bring presents and booze, I'm registered at BevMo, Crate and Barrel and Good Vibrations 5PM:  DYL Happy Hour at House of Blues, Mandalay Bay, Casino Floor --- This is our starting point, let's see if we can drink our way through all of the bars at the Mandalay Bay (there's on a couple, I swear it won't hurt that bad...)! Yelper Contact:  Luis M. 6PM - 10PM: Friday Night Live, Flamingo HotelThis is an OPEN BAR event till the booze runs out...No cover and all the 10 Cane Rum you can drink for FREE.Yelper Contact: Myke R. - LV Yelper12 Midnight:  DYL Nightclubbing, Mix Lounge at The Hotel portion of Mandalay Bay Hotel Yelper Contact:  AJ J. & Hannala M. Saturday, June 16th --------------------------- 3AM: Barf and then drink water in your bathroom (if you're lucky it might be a TOTAL strangers....Hmmmm?!), raid mini-bar... Yelper Contact: You and whoever that is next to you...you dog...you 12 Noon:  DYL Nurse Your Hangover at Bay Side Buffet, Mandalay Bay Yelper Contact:  Suzanne B. 10PM:  DYL Nightclubbing, Tao Nightclub inside the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian Hotel *** YOU MUST BE THERE BEFORE 10PM IF YOU WANT TO GET IN...BE LATE, BE OUTSIDE***Yelper Contact:   Bella W. & Lulu P. Sunday, June 17th ------------------------- 5AM: Wake up with your head in a planter after a brief 'nap' and wonder where your pants are... Yelper Contact: Whoever has your pants, pictures to follow... 12 Noon:  DYL Chill and Recover at The Beach, Mandalay Bay Poolside Yelper Contact:  LEGGY LAURA B. & Crew 6 PM:  DYL Happy Hour at the Hard Rock Hotel, Casino Floor Yelper Contact:  Eric W. How to Get There:  AIRLINES (There are two flight options): --------------------------------------------------­---The DYL Plane:   SOUTHWEST FLT# 1980 Friday, June 15th Departs: 9:40 AM Oakland Int'l Arrives: 11:05 AM Las Vegas FLT# 460 Monday, June 18th Departs: 3:10 PM Las Vegas Arrives: 4:50 PM Oakland Int'l The Hottie McHottster Plane:  FRONTIER FLT# 784 Friday, June 15th Departs: 3:10 PM SFO Arrives: 4:35 PM Las Vegas FLT# 777 Sunday, June 17th Departs: 1:00 PM Las Vegas Arrives: 2:30 PM SFO Want to know who's on what flight? yelp.com/topi...
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/15/2007,119,370,1,3,4>Verandah is always a lunch stop when I'm in Vegas. The restaurant itself is nice, with a patio overlooking the pool area. I like that the restaurant is quiet, a nice change of pace from the typical noise of a casino restaurant. The only thing I order here is the burger. It is cooked exactly to order, juicy even if you have the nerve to order it well done. The truffle oil fries are good, though I must admit that I've had better. But overall, one of the best burgers to be had. The chicken noodle soup is also good, very homemade tasting. The ice tea ice cubes are really cool the first time you see them and useful too. Makes you wonder why more restaurants don't do it.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/14/2007,161,200,5,5,7>Why has it taken me so long to stay at the Mandalay Bay?? (oh wait, prob cuz it's like $600 a night) But seriously, if you're gonna plop down some cash on a room, DO IT HERE!! These rooms are swank. Total swank. Great big whirlpool tubs and the most comfy beds!! (they had feather tops on the mattresses!!) And I LURV the layout of the hotel...it's super easy to navigate! That's a big plus for me cuz I become brain dead after one night of partying in Vegas. Their 24hr restaurant is pretty damn good and their room service is (of course) over-priced, but tasty. (mmm mmmm grilled cheese) The pool was a mad house, but the "lazy river" looked good--too bad my white-ass didn't bring my bathing suit. Actually, that was a good thing for the pool-side peeps. ;)
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2007,6/13/2007,5000,2823,5,,4>Classy lounge for high-rollers and those who like to play the part.  They serve  top-shelf cocktails and offer imported cigars.  Was surpirsed that they didn't kick us out after using the lounge as a venue for Nicole's (the Bachelorette's) serendaing session.  We sang this to the tune of "The Girl from Ipanema":Tall and ivory, so young and lovely,Nicole from Santa Cruz goes walking,And when she passes, Brian says, "Ahhhh."Ohhh they had many years dating...Now they will go and be married.When in June they both say, "I dooo.."We all will be wishing you...Happy years and babies smiling,Friends and family and Bailey shining.We love you and we wish the best for you...Ohhh, we will watch you get married,And we will support you so gladly.With each year that we see go by...We will always be by your side...Yat, da, da, da, da da, da, da, hum...
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2007,6/12/2007,31,74,6,10,7>I'm a total tom boy. I chop my hair short. My girlfriends begrudge my wardrobe -- t shirts or tanks, ripped jeans or cut-offs, tennis shoes, and a belt. A good day for me? Out on a boat, fishing with grubs, a cooler of beer and a pound of beef jerky. But, every couple of weeks or so, I find it necessary to pander to my softer side. And I do that by -- yes -- getting my nails done. Full on, French tipped, acrylic nails. To be honest, though, I should probably get them done more like once a week, because as soon as I'm out the door, I pay no attention to the upkeep of this sometimes costly habit in maintaining some shred of femininity. When I walked into Pink Nail Salon (located on the corner of Flamingo and Easter, right next to Taco Time), a couple of my nails were cracked and some were even missing. I requested a fill and some "minor" repair work, and was asked to sit down at a table. When the poor little tech inspected my digits, she softly exclaimed, "Ohhh myyyyyy gaaaaaaah...." Then she sheepishly smiled up at me and got to work.  You know, even if it weren't for all the repairs at hand (ha), I still think she would have taken her time. Which I honestly appreciate. The last time I got a full set somewhere else, it took about twenty minutes, which was just about the length of the manicure's life span. I may be rough on my hands, but I would expect at least a couple hours out of thirty bucks worth of work. So, let's see ... given the repairs, the rebuilds, the fill, plus the airbrushing on the tips to make them all match, my tab should have roughly been about $35. But, being as it was my first visit, she knocked it down to a flat $20. Naturally, I tipped (another pun, if you want to reach for it) her at full cost. And they look fabulous.Often times, older nail salons can have a dirty or dingy feel to them. But Pink is bright, clean, and new, and the staff was incredibly friendly. One of the other nail techs, who wasn't with a client at the moment, even shared a newspaper article she found about a two-headed piglet born in Ontario. I had a great experience there, and I'm very pleased to FINALLY say I have found a salon in Vegas that I will definitely be going back to.Three days later, and still lookin' good, y'all.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2007,6/11/2007,120,419,2,4,5>Sublime and hard to find. Yes... you have to dress appropriately, but the service is perfect and you have a view of the golf course. The breeze blowing over around 8:30 in the springtime is wonderfully refreshing as is the rare quiet in the heart of Vegas.We had some great food too. Actually my steak was only good, but not great. On par (ahem) with Daniel's or the Met if you know Seattle... similar to Ruth's Chris. I've had better, but it was not bad at all. Next time I'd get the sea bass. The service was superior  to anything I've experienced (I was with a high-roller) and we got some outstanding little-known wines from the sommelier that I've managed to hoard now that I'm home. After we were done, we were escorted to the north terrace at the Wynn where they have a really cool light show above a big pool. There's a different show every 30 minutes until 2:00 (am). We had great cigars and scotch all night. They didn't let many people in that area, but I could see there's another area where normal riff-raff like me might go. I'll definitely make an effort to come back here if I return to Las Vegas.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2007,6/10/2007,143,1301,4,4,3>This is THE place to get your breakfast on in Vegas. Screw the 'all you can eat' buffets, those are good if you have the time & the room in your stomach. But, this little Jewish deli (run by Asians) serves it up hangover style! $5 for an egg, bacon & cheese sammie - on kaiser roll or bagel, with your choice of beverage. They also do the standard breakfast thing, as does the cafe next to it, but they change $9! The service is really slow for a place that's just a to go cafe, which makes it hard when you are swooning and in need of caffeine and grease. It is what hits the spot though for sure!
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2007,6/9/2007,299,1732,3,8,5>ONE day.  Waited ONE freakin' day to book Paris in Vegas.  It sold out, on ALL websites, including the resort's.  ARGH!!!TRAVELWORM to the rescue!  Booked FOUR nights for below cost PLUS an additional 10% discount courtesy of a TW special @ all Harrah's properties.For those easily discouraged, they would have stopped at the 'SOLD OUT' on TW's website, but ever determined, I called and Chris got Paris on the line, and got me my room!  Being HQ'd in Vegas, they are definitely the go-to website for LV hotels.  The staff are friendly and very knowledgeable about the resorts and tourism in the area.Also, their cancellation policy is not RIGID like most online discount travel sites: cancel 3 days prior to arrival and you are only charged $25 for a processing fee.  Typically it's 24 hours, but not during holiday bookings.Guaranteed prices in many of the top travel destinations.  Consistent quality service and ability to cancel without penalties.  TW you ROCK!
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2007,6/8/2007,65,81,2,7,3>First of all, thank you Yelpers!  I never would have known about Ichiza if it weren't for your reviews!  I didn't know such a place existed in Las Vegas!  Last night was my first (of many) visit to Ichiza, and now I love Love LOVE this place!  I had the grilled squid, fresh oysters, grilled smelt, ankimo, chawanmushi, unimochi, and honey toast.  Everything was fantabulous! It was my first time trying ankimo, and now I am hooked!  The unimochi was heavenly...2 of my favorite foods uni and grilled mochi, wrapped up in a little nori sheet!  I saw so many things I want to order on my next visit.  The staff was friendly and remixes of Ayumi Hamasaki's Voyage was bumpin' in the background...what a fun atmosphere!  Everything was affordable, and in small quantities, so it was easy to try many different things.  I got my discount stamper card and will definitely be back at Ichiza regularly.  Finally, I have a great place to take my friends!Update 2/3/07:Tried to go here for lunch, but they only serve the stuff on their lunch menu at that time.  Mostly bento box stuff, curries, sushi, udon, etc.  They wouldn't let me order anything written on the walls!  Bummer...but I did have the 2 item combo box with miso cod (yummy!) and sashimi.  I was impressed with the quality of the sashimi, especially since it was a lunch special!  Must go back for dinner...Update 2/4/07:I just HAD to go back!  In addition to the unimochi and ankimo, I got the fried smelt (yummy! I think I prefer the fried vs. the grilled), the takowasabi (yummy!), the mochi-bacon skewers (yummy!), the fried baby crabs (just ok), the uni w/ ponzu sauce (heavenly!), agedashi tofu soup (yummy!), and DH accidentally ordered the uni & natto roll (hella nasty! but only because I HATE natto with a passion!)  Again, the servers were really nice, and I can't wait for my next visit!Update 3/24/07:Had many of my favorites, plus we tried some new stuff - the gizzard skewers (ok), beef tongue skewers (yum!), chicken liver skewers (ok), wasabi-green-bean tempura (all tempura, and no wasabi), shumai (ok), half ramen (yum!), calpico shochu (can't even taste the shochu - yum!), and of course the honey toast (wish they would put about 2 more scoops of ice cream!) all in all, another yummy night @ Ichiza.  I filled out my 1st stamper card, and now I'm on my 2nd! Woohoo!!!
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2007,6/7/2007,1362,984,3,16,9>Celebrating a friend's birthday, we're dressed in 80s gear to party it up at Polly Esther's on a Saturday night.  And the fab thing about this place, you can wear sneaks!  Nice!With no line at all, I was skeptical thinking no one would be inside.  You pay by the window (try to get discount tickets or free passes if possible) and then you head down a few stairs.  First thing you see is the old Volkswagen and then the Brady Bunch squares.Bathrooms are to the left with communal sinks for both men and women.  Quite a few stalls and there was hardly a line for them when I was in there.   Walking down the spacious hallway, you'll find this huge space with four rooms celebrating the 70s, 80s, 90s, and current hits.  Each room  has its own bar with its own VIP sections roped off.  They do a pretty good job keeping the music confined to its own respective room.  So, if you get bored of one room, hop on over to another.  And there's barely a line at the bar too.  (If you're in the 80s room and you get The Matrix, it's a two shot drink.  They make it so big though that it feels like a four shot drink.  It only costs 8 bucks and it tastes like shit.  But it'll definitely put you over right quick.)  Other drinks are pretty damn expensive though.  We mostly hung out in the 80s and current hits room.  They also had Skip Martin, the lead singer of Kool & the Gang, performing near the 80s section.  Overall, Polly Esther's at The Stratosphere is a pretty cool place.  It's not uptight like some of the other clubs down the strip and it's kickback casual for people like me who hate dancing in heels.  Lines are non-existent for getting in, buying drinks, or using the restrooms.  So, that always scores a point with me.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2006,6/6/2007,0,0,,7,10>It's been over two weeks that I saw this show (on the thanksgiving evening)  but I am still spell bound. I went as a skeptic and came back as a believer. I have been watching David's stunts (I used to call it stunts than magic) on TV and DVDs since 80s with both skepticism and amusement. While watching him on TV doing those amazing stunts of making Statue of Liberty disappear or passing through the great wall of China, one might get stunned but cant be sure if it was magic of David or magic of cameras and show directors. But once you see him doing similar stunts right in front of your eyes, you start thinking of those "stunts" as pure magic (or perhaps illusion).Like many successful entertainers, David Copperfield's show was worth checking out even at the price of 100 dollars. His show included a standard fare of tricks as well as some mind boggling illusions. My favorite illusion was when he made a classic Chevrolet appear on the stage out of no where. Also his disappearance in front of packed audience into the thin air and then reappearing somewhere else in the theater was stunning. Whether you call them tricks, illusion or magic; David has mastery at mesmerizing the audience. He will keep you spell bound for 90 minutes of the show and may be for many days after that.
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,6/5/2007,48,179,1,4,4>Serious five-starness, to the point that my eyes are burned by the brightness of the five-stars.The food here is slobberific, the service personable and AWESOME. Wine-pairing dead on. I pity the fool who doesn't utilize the knowledgeable staff, and all they have to recommend.Unforgettable:  1) Lobster fritters on a stick w/ creme fraiche (like fancypants corn dogs!)2) Sublime skirt steak, the ultimate test of a steak place, this one was incredible in texture and flavor3) Trio of duck fat fries, mmm animal fat=flavor4) Trio of potato purees (lobster, corn, &  horseradish), a great creamy smear to dollop onto your steak while you eat itAfter a delish dessert, and an aperitif, bfriend and I were warmly sent on our way with a little bag of fiddle-faddle. How cute it that?MAD PROPS to my fellow yelpster Ms.Elizabeth B.  for insisting that I eat here.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2007,6/4/2007,70,254,1,5,3>Tamar N. got married......and the best part is we all got to go Vegas for the wedding - and the even better part was we got to stay at the Venetian. Back years ago on my trips to Vegas I stayed at the cheapest hotels because frankly we wanted to spend our money on other things more important to us than a luxurious room - i.e. alcohol, gambling, and nightclubs. Now I am spoiled. The Venetian is the most luxurious vegas hotel I have stayed at and now I just can't imagine Vegas without staying here. The suites are gorgeous. Huge bathrooms with seperate shower stalls, the beds have partial canopies, and there are 2 tvs with lots of good stations -- including a party music feature where you can choose between 80s rock and 70s disco. I know Vegas is supposed to be about what happens outside your hotel room but staying here we really didn't want to leave.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2007,6/3/2007,296,490,24,7,9>Someone PLEASE explain the trend of guys wearing oversized round sunglasses indoors at night.  You look like bugs.  And let me tell you something, just a little secret...Idonotwant to dancewitha BUG.OPM was absolutely full of human bugs.  And simulated anal sex on the dance floor.  And really, really bad champagne.  The saving graces were the pleasant staff (all the bouncers smile at you and the bartendresses were pleasant) and the I-wanna-dance-crowd.  I don't know if those two things would ever bring me back - maybe with some Raid...(And I was not writhing on the floor as Ms Annie D. suggests.  I was doing deep knee bends.)
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2007,6/2/2007,189,384,4,2,4>I'm an Ex-Pat New Yorker who likes all things sub cultural. I spent a good portion of my teenage years at clubs like CBGBs. (R.I.P.) The Double Down gives me that warm fuzzy familiar feeling. Basically the Double Down is Las Vegas' answer to CBGBs.  This is the real deal it's where you wanna go for shows (Rockabilly, Punk Rock, Hardcore, etc.) bring your friends from out of town that think the strip is all that Vegas has to offer. Get 'em a shot of Ass Juice. Enjoy the oddball videos playing on the TVs and the kickass jukebox.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2006,6/1/2007,35,75,3,1,1>Since Vegas is only four hours away from Riverside, it was the default vacation for my family. However, not being of legal age to drink, gamble, or smoke, Vegas was not so much fun as a kid. Dad: I think we're going to go Boston for Christmas.Me: Cool!(weeks pass...my dad hasn't really planned anything)Dad: Uh, how about we do Vegas?Me: Again?!On one of these many trips to Vegas, my parents decided to drive off the Strip. They wanted to get dim sum. What? There's dim sum in Vegas? Are my parents taking the oh so bountiful meth that's produced in the Inland Empire?But if you drive 15-20 minutes away from the Strip, there's a Chinese strip mall, complete with its own 99 Ranch. Where the Chinese are, 99 Ranch will follow.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2006,5/31/2007,129,447,3,3,2>Whenever I am in Vegas, this is typically the only Starbies I go to (sans the one at the Fashion Show).  It's close to my parents' and my grandparents' house, and it's relatively quiet.Despite being the center of some of the older Villages (Hills, Hills South, Pueblo), this shopping center has calmed down, as Summerlin has spread out to the Arbors or whereever they are at now.  So I've never had a problem getting a sweet parking space.The Starbies itself is pretty big (maybe LA ones are smaller?), and they have lots of mixed seating, including the fabled and once thought extinct ARM CHAIRS.  I've never had a bad drink here, and they seem to have a pretty decent selection of pastries.  I think they actually had chocolate chip scones long after my LA Starbies ditched them in a horrible, horrible turn of events for my life.  They also have a bunch of outdoor seating.  Hurrah.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2007,5/30/2007,83,213,,4,2>This place rocked my world, pun intended.Here's why:1. Off the dirty, nasty, loud strip2. It's new (opened April 06)3. Big rooms with nice amenities (flat screen 42 inch HDTV, TV in the bath to watch while in the tub, great linens, decent toiletries)4. The casino isn't overly smoky- 5. Great little fitness center6. Good variety of restaurants, with a sushi place on the horizon7. FREE shuttle to and from airportOther than tix to the Blue Man Group (which SUCKED), we had no reason to venture to the strip.From now on, this will be my Vegas destination!***UPDATE*** 3-23-08Just returned from my second stay at the Red Rock. Great!= Even better because it was comped! No complaints, except that they didn't refill our "mini-bar" the entire 3 nights we stayed there. Which is actually a piss poor move on their part as they could have increased their revenue from us exponentially!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2007,5/29/2007,25,41,,4,4>Known to be simple Neo-American cuisine that pays attention to its ingredients, overall it was a good experience. The interior design was very flowy and romantic, kind of like Lothlorien meets old Spanish metal lamp sculptures. We shared three appetizers and a main course. The salad was satisfactory, the two different styles of foie gras served on one plate was what I looked forward to as soon as I saw it on the menu. One was warm and roasted, one was steamed. Mm... foie gras.... The only thing they failed on was that they did not de-vein the thing properly, which meant it did not cut cleanly and I was fishing for the stringy things. But it tasted great.An interesting part of the menu was an offering of various flatbreads, topped with various offers. We got the simplest one with buffalo mozzarella sprinkled with dry herbs. It was nice and soft, the mozzarella having a bit more dense and less stringy consistency than plain mozzarella, which tells me there was actually thought behind the choice rather than just novelty. It reminded me very much of the pizza I had at Mozza, and I preferred this one much better.The main course was seared salmon with a pepper crust. Very unfortunate in that the server was late in picking it up from the kitchens. It was sitting under the heat lamp for so long that by the time it came to us it was near well done. It still had decent texture, but because it was meant to be seared it wasn't flavored much, but since it was too cooked when we ate it, it tasted very bland. Definitely something I would try again when done right, to see it would have been. With every other dish done pretty well, it was a feeing of sadness more than disappointment.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2007,5/28/2007,23,89,7,,2>If you do not like this place, we cannot be friends.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2007,5/27/2007,206,397,1,3,3>Seen some mixed reviews on this place but most of the bad ones stem from nasty rooms.  Stayed here this weekend but my room was clean and cheap.  I like to do vegas on the cheap and this is my kind of place, when i go to NYC, or LA I'll stay at a swanky hotel, and drink $15 drinks or do bottle service, but something about a guys trip to vegas demands that  my excess money be left on the tables, not spent on a nice room or a fancy club ( of course being engaged might have something to do with that).  So when I found the imperial palace, I knew I had a new favorite on the strip.  It's centrally located and the perfect place for beginning a bender
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2007,5/26/2007,508,259,1,3,2>Hannah's is one of those places you drive by and say...hmmm looks interesting. One of my good friend's introduced me to that place New Year's Eve. I spent with a small close knit group where we drank, and waited for the stupid ball to drop. The food I had was complimentary. Sushi was pretty average. The Garlic noodles are definitely great. When you walk in, the decor is pretty modern/asian with a plexiglass floor. A couple tables have running water through the plexiglass. I mean it's a great concept. Not too practical though. Their specialty is this crab dish that I saw kept being pushed around. It was New Year's. I wasn't trying to get smelly. The patio area is pretty cool. I like the whole cabana feel like there's a pool nearby. Drinks are definitely good. It is kinda pricey. Never dealt much with it because my friend Davey DJ's there on Mondays. They give away a free bottle for the company that brings in the most people. Definitely good times. Great fusion food. Atmosphere is friendly. Definitely worth a trip to check out.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2007,5/25/2007,39,30,3,2,2>So I really love Vegas.  And I don't think I could have an unsatisfactory trip there.  Seriously.But I was slightly unimpressed with Pure.  It might be that there was a ton of hype built up around it and the drinks were WAY overpriced, and I really just wanted to gamble, but I think the management could do better...Ambiance: The multi-level setup, decor, colors, lighting, indoor / outdoor combination etc. at Pure is impressive.  They made good use of the space and there's a great Vegas strip view from the rooftop.Scene: The scene was fairly young, which might be part of the reason I was put off.  My guess is that the majority of guests were under 25.  And I think this made the bouncers on guard and unfriendly, which is difficult after enjoying the San Francisco "bouncer scene."Music: Good stuff.  The DJ had the crowd roaring at every new song, which is always a good sign.Crowd:  It was much too crowded.  They seemed to just let people in all night, and it really became impossible to move around or find a spot to dance.  And drinks were spilling all over the place, leaving the ground wet, sticky and slippery.  And if you want to give your feet a rest, even for 2 minutes, you pretty much have to blow $300 - $1000 on a bottle of something to be privy to any of the seating.Drinks:  The drinks were good, but expensive.  A drink that would cost $8-10 in most SF clubs was $12-16 at Pure.    So, overall, I think the place has potential, but a few changes could make the place more enjoyable.  And I wouldn't actually mind paying more for a drink if I had the space to enjoy it.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2006,5/24/2007,118,426,6,7,3>You can do some crazy things with burgers here, add lobster or foie gras (sp?) or even truffles. But if you keep it simple with their angus burger it will still be goooood.This place is located in Mandalay Place which is the shopping walkway in  between Luxor and Mandalay Bay. The prices are definitely steep, you start at $8.95 for a regular burger but then your add ons like cheese, mushrooms, etc, cost that extra cash. Fries and sides are extra too, by the time you're done you paid a pretty penny for burgers and fries. I recommend the sweet potato fries.Service did not check on us once after the food arrived, maybe he knew we were trying to be cheap cause we split a burger and he didn't bother??? HAH probably.edit***Went to Gordon Biersch and ordered a burger, I swear it was just as good, and probably cheaper.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,5/22/2007,26,63,,3,5>This place is the very definition of an Ultra Lounge.The place has enough room to make you feel unenclosed, yet isn't so big that you lose the person you were talking to when you go to get a drink for them.  The bartenders are very easy on the eyes and are also friendly.   This may not seem like anything out of the ordinary, until you visit other lounges.  You'll soon discover that in Vegas, many ultra lounges employ ultra bitches.The only lackluster thing about Lure is the patio area.   It's just an outside area with a fountain....no view.  Disappointing in comparison to the outdoor area at Tryst in the same hotel.Like many clubs and bars in Vegas, Lure closes at 4am.  (That should be plenty of time to get your mack on!!!)
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2007,5/21/2007,5,17,4,3,2>As a British Ex-pat this is the closest thing i have to being home in Vegas. The food is good, although they do seem to have issues making a decent custard to go with the sticky toffee pudding (come on how difficult is it to boil a kettle and mix in the custard powder until it's smooooooooth!!!) anyhoo the atmosphere is authentic, right down to the slightly stinky toilets (a staple in any British pub!) and the chalk boards (so you can write humorous japes to your mates!) The beer is good and plentiful; although they did run out of St George Ale just before St Georges day (that's what i call bad planning!) and the selection covers most of the known world; why they even have some luke warm gnats piss that the yanks know as beer! (Lol I'm gonna get lunched now!! ;p ) The best thing is on Mondays they do ALL YOU CAN EAT FISH AND CHIPS, OK so it doesn't come with mushy peas, but it's a damn good representation of the dish, and they do use cod (none of that haddock b@llocks here my friends.) The appetisers are a little odd, sausage roll, chip butty and scotch eggs to name a few; for those of you who think this is standard faire will be sadly mistaken. A scotch egg and sausage roll is used for picnicking and the chip butty is a cheap student dinner. A true British appetiser or starter is...prawn cocktail with Marie rose sauce, Heinz cream of tomato soup, stuffed garlic mushrooms and pate on toast (not all together of course!!), the main dishes are more authentic, i can recommend the steak and mushroom pie and the roast dinner on Sundays ONLY!!There's not much else to say about this place; apart from their world cup coverage was super and they served $4 pints of Stella!! Wankers away my friends, wankers away!
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2007,5/20/2007,116,160,11,9,3>My mother-in-law claims that she once waited four hours to get into the Wynn Buffet.  I can't see myself EVER waiting four hours to get into this buffet, but it was still pretty damn good.Most of the food in Vegas is overpriced and crappy.  This buffet isn't cheap, but the food is far from crappy.  There's a huge selection of delicious dishes, and it's all separated into sections like "Asian" or "Pasta."  The food all tasted great, and it was presented really well, too.AND THEN THERE WAS THE DESSERT AREA.  HOLY MOTHER OF CHRIST.  My boyfriend had FIVE miniature flans.  I had ice cream (to die for), miniature creme brulee, 1.5 cupcakes, 1 bite of a rice krispie treat (real estate in my stomach is limited, and I ain't wasting too much of it on a rice crispie treat) and a little bit of chocolate mousse.  It was FANTASTIC.  And yes, I would be a major fattie if I stayed there any longer. Gripes:WTF is up with putting the bread in the dessert area?  I didn't even know it was THERE until I'd already stuffed my first stomach and only had room left in my dessert stomach.  Some of the other stuff was in weird places, too.  Like, why put the cheese in the middle of the seafood section?  Me likey cheese, me no likey shellfish.  I didn't even notice the cheese until I saw my mother with it.  Anyway, it just seemed random to me.Second, if you show up with 7+ people, they charge you a mandatory 18.75% gratuity.  Now, in most restaurants, I get this.  BUT IT'S A BUFFET.  I AM SERVING MYSELF.  The most you have to do for 7 people is put two damn tables together.  PLEASE.Otherwise, I am happy.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2007,5/19/2007,85,106,2,4,3>After weeks of searching for the 'perfect' place for the bf and I to have dinner on a special trip, I picked Mon Ami Gabi. It was perfect because its right across the Bellagio and after dinner, we had a show to catch there - "O". I made reservations on OpenTable and as soon as we got there, our table was ready. We didn't have to wait. We wanted to sit out on the patio, but given the hour wait and show to go to, we didn't have time. Next time...The restaurant was pretty busy. It was packed. Well it was a Friday night. Ambiance and decor was nice. Still intimate despite the place full of people. We started with Escargots de Bourgogne which was excellent. I had a pomegranate martini (i think?) which was very good. For dinner,  I had the Filet cooked medium rare and he had the Steak Bordelaise cooked medium. Both came out perfect. It was very good steak..melted in my mouth. And I was able to finish it. For a side dish, we had Garlic Spinach which was very good too. And to top it off, we had the Banana Foster Crpe...I can't resist Bananas Foster. It was huge! We barely finished it.The only funny thing was the steak came with a big plate of fries....err  "frittes".  It looked funny presentation wise because here's a little piece of steak surrounded by crispy fries. And the fries weren't my style - too cripsy for me. Thats why there's one less star.Overall, I thought it was excellent and I'll go again, this time to try to get patio seatig to see the Bellagio fountains! The service was pretty good too. And the bill...not bad at all for 2 of us in Vegas...$120 including tax and tip. I expected it to be a lot more.
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2007,5/18/2007,5,5,2,4,4>Strawberries and champagne?  Yes please!  And can you add a hot little sparkler in that while your at it?  Awesome!Looking to celebrate a birthday, a marriage, a...being single?  Body English is the place to go!  You don't have to be celebrating anything special, but the fabulousness of your new hot dress to come to Body English and be treated like VIP.  Ladies....if you dress the part you'll be in like Flynn.  I'll let you in on a little secret.  If its all girls... don't wait in line, just nuzzle up to the front and give the little shoulder shake to the door man and let him know how many girls are with you.  Guys...if you are willing to pay the $$$ you will be showered with hot woman, strawberries and champagne.  If not and you are just a bunch of dudes???? Good Luck!  TIP...find double the amount of girls as guys and you'll get in much quicker.  For those that are lucky enough to make it into the doors of Body English...its a fun night to be had by all.  And on Fridays, they give away free shit to girls!  Like Betsy Johnson shoes and top designer jeans and jewelry...that's enough to make me want get naked, paint myself red and shoot of fireworks to get in!
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2006,5/17/2007,47,81,1,5,3>I'd give it five stars if it wasn't as costly.  $5 one-way$9 round trip -- but the deal-closer is this:$15 for 24 hours--not just one calendar day. Cuz you know that sh*t won't work in Vegas.  Can you imagine someone's drunk a** trying to get on at 2 a.m. and having to buy another ticket? No, not so much.It's slightly confusing to navigate the entrance/exits of each station, considering I'm used to SF Muni and BART's ease.  Nothing says "huh?" quite like having to go up 3 stories to pass through a ticket gate and then go down one story to the rail platform--opposite on the way back.But still, it got us from our off the strip hotel to the major hotel/casinos is relatively quick time and at a cost competitively rated against cab fare.  Also good if you are trying to get back to your hotel quickly after a night of seriously drunken schmoozing with your significant other. Amazingly clean, efficient, smooth, and PLASTERED with adverts and annoyingly constant tour-like narration.Open:Way Too Early for Vegas to 2 a.m. on Sunday-ThursdayWay Too Early for Vegas to 3 a.m. on Fridays & Saturday
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2007,5/16/2007,125,320,2,2,2>I stayed here for my first trip to vegas. LOVED that the tigers and dolphins were here. Nightclub was good. The rooms were ok. My shower was a little dirty. i wasn't in the room much anyhow. The casino was great, busy but not ridiclous. I got a manicure and a pedicure, and it was honestly the best pedi I have ever received. I paid about $70 for it. the restaurants, casinos, bars, shopping, spa.. all that stuff was very clean and very nice. I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2007,5/15/2007,0,0,6,6,8>DIRECTIONS:Take a large grassy field and adjoining stadium.Fold in a large assortment of big name jam bands.Sprinkle in a few indie/alt rock bands.Add a pinch of hip hop acts.Stir in several late night shows, a shuttle bus, and organic food stalls.Fold in several art installations.Stir well, then cluster into 4 stages.Mix in a separate bowl:A huge mass of dancing hippies,A handful of misplaced, confused hipsters,The token hip hop fan, andA clump of Urban Outfitters-clad Vegas Killers fans.Randomly sprinkle in some costumes.Mix together thoroughly, making sure to break the clumps.Combine the ingredients and stir well.Bake (heh heh) in 100 degree scorching Vegas heat for 2 - 3 days over Halloween weekend.This recipe will produce Vegoose, a hippie/jam band music festival which only love - sweet, sweet love - could have inspired me to attend not once, but TWICE!  Snicker all you want, but I got to see some of my favorite bands up close in sparsely populated fields and tents (the jam band crowd was not too interested in the likes of Jenny Lewis, Sleater-Kinney, Spoon or Arcade Fire).  And I learned the secret hippie dances (what can I say?  I adapt easily.).  If you're nice to me, I'll teach them to you too.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2006,5/14/2007,25,0,3,2,5>If you grew up like I grew up, you would understand the joke when I say I keep calling this place Ogden Nash, when it is really called Bradley Ogden.The restaurant is warm and beige-mica tempered. It's inviting on the inside, but demure and subdued from the casino. We passed through the unassuming door into the restaurant, and the din of chirping desperation dissolved into the background. Once in, there was not even static background noise. Ogden is minimal but artistic. Brightly highlighted panoramic seascapes hug each wall, compartmentalized in each booth. The first course, AKA 'Bread', was a plain buttery roll, a savory blueberry muffin and a competently spiced roll crowned with salt, fennel seed, curry and pepper.The staff was accommodating and sexy. This girl spritely rattled off the highlights and specials. I liked her tits. Then I decided I would have the chestnut soup and my friend ordered the blue cheese souffle.I ordered the 24 hour braised Duroc pork shoulder.Every shred of food was brilliant. My soup was rich and sweet, and the compliment of seared foie gras, duck croquette..more on that in a minute. Mine was good, but her's blew me away.Maytag Blue cheese souffle. Goddamn great. Not punchy and sharp, but mellow, nutty and regal. We got two 1"x1" baby souflees, with an accompaniment of endive, crumbled blue cheese (this had punch), candied walnuts and honey. Perfection. My soup was a little sweeter than I wanted. It was a hearty puree, but light in mouth texture. It came with a couple of goodies as well. The seared foie gras was a nice addition to the bright taste, as well as the duck croquette, which would have been salty on its own. There were also some sauteed Hedge Hog mushrooms thrown in for extra texture and nuttiness.For our entrees,  I glommed off her scallops and fresh salad, and I horded my braised pork. At first, we both thought we'd be a bit hungry when we left, but each entree was uniquely filling that we started to get full.Somebody -me- made the mistake of saying who we were and what we were doing. Not a big secret since I was taking pictures of everything from the coffee service to the bathroom. This bought us a one-way ticket to a grand tour of the kitchen and several desserts.I chatted with Executive Chef Bryan Ogden, son of Ogden and Slayer of Tiamot the Mendicant. We hung out on the line and pastry station. Got a tour of the cold walk-in and the frozen walk-in. Swung by the griddle and the wood fired grill. Everything was immaculate: they work clean. I believe in working clean, scrubbing up as you go along, preparing the meal.When we got back to the table,. we were going to get the check and move on. Nope, they insisted on giving us a few desserts. The first one was a duo: a terrine of pumpkin pudding topped with pie crisps and a spiced pumpkin cake. The petit fours was a shot glass of butterscotch pudding topped with vanilla bean whipped cream and praline.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,5/12/2007,38,0,,6,4>In a word: Comfortable.Whether it's a first date, an anniversary, ladies night or just an excuse to have a gourmet dinner, Rosemary's great service, warm atmosphere and fantastic menu will keep you comfortable throughout the evening.Chef Michael and Wendy Jordan are geniuses-- they brought fine dining to the Vegas suburbs. Rosemary's is entirely removed from the hustle and bustle of a casino, away from the throngs on the Strip. It's in a little strip mall at Sahara and Cimarron, and the locals sure appreciate it.The Jordans change their menu often, but there are some mainstays. The cuisine is American with some French influence, drawing inspiration from Southern fare. I recommend the Beef and Maytag Blue Cheese Carpaccio, the Parmesan Souffle and the Pan Roasted Sea Scallops or the Roasted Rack of Lamb for an entree. Enjoy some Southern favorites like Hushpuppies or White Cheddar Grits for a side dish, although the portions of the plates are already pretty generous. Wine pairings are featured on the menu, but for those of us who are bigger fans of grains than grapes, the menu also offers beer pairings, and we're not talking about Coors, here.Everything is cooked to perfection-- wonderful marriages of texture, flavor, aesthetic appeal and inviting aromas.Rosemary's maintains reasonable prices, particularly if you order from the prix-fixe menu. For further discounts, you can go to Ladies Night on Wednesday evenings and get 50 percent off food. Go on a Sunday and you'll get 50 percent off a bottle of wine. The servers are very sharp and have a keen sense of the menu. Ask any question, and they'll have an answer. Come in with any request, and they'll make it happen. They genuinely seem interested in serving customers and doing it well.Rosemary's is special. It's gourmet dining with Southern charm. It's for people who love frou-frou wine pairings or for those who like a strong ale. It's for boisterous birthday celebrations or intimate Valentine's Day dates. It's exactly what fine dining should be: Comfortable.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2006,5/10/2007,18,136,2,1,2>The next time that I go to Vegas I will Probably not leave the Wynn except maybe for a show, or another night club. This place is amazing. The spa is really nice and even though it costs $25 to work out, it's well worth it once you go to the spa. The pools are amazing. La Reve is great. Bet on 33 and you will win enough to pay for the entire stay ;-)
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2007,5/9/2007,68,62,6,4,5>It's too bad that I've taken so long in getting around to writing a review of Sensi, so unless you trust my long-term memory, I'd suggest ignoring most of this review and just going with the recommendation to eat here. I mean, even if you only spend one night in Vegas, this is where you should have dinner. And I should know: I went to two restaurants when I was there, and this one was better.In all seriousness, though, Sensi was my first (yes, of two) introduction to the fancy restaurant scene in Vegas. I'd heard a lot about various famous chefs opening new restaurants here, but I figured rather than Nobu Next Door these places would be more like Nobu Up The Block And Around The Corner And Then Take Your Third Left After The Light. In short, I expected mediocre food at exorbitant prices. At Sensi, neither was the case. First of all, I for the most part do not care about decor. As long as I'm not knocking knees with another diner, I feel fine with a chair at a table. But this place is so cool. It's very modern and sleek but in a warm way, which is to say you don't get the feeling that your very presence might be ruining the otherwise super cool atmosphere. There's a lot of smooth gray rock all over the place, and water falling down it. It's clean and pleasant. And the food is delicious. We had a tuna three ways to start--raw, raw, raw--and it was unique and very tasty. I say "unique" because I have several times ordered tuna only to remember, Oh, right, I've had this a million times before. This one tasted like someone actually put some effort into it. We also had a calamari dish, not deep-fried but the sauteed kind, which is much more interesting to me, which came with this amazing lightly breaded cooked tomato. The combination of flavors was lovely and impressive in that it seemed creative but was not at all overpowering. Sensi is some kind of fusion between Indian and Japanese and maybe a few other things. Typically the idea of fusion drives me nuts; when I have a PB&J sandwich for dinner with a side of leftover pad thai, I don't go around saying I just made myself a Thai-American fusion meal. But I think they do a pretty good job at Sensi of making everything well enough so that they earn the right to serve different kinds of foods. I guess we started with Japanese? Anyway, for entrees we chose two different kinds of curry, a red shrimp curry and a chicken tikka masala. The latter was sub-standard, by which I mean that it didn't taste as good as chicken tikka masala at my local Indian favorite. But the shrimp was great--and I don't even like shrimp that much! It was high quality (i.e. it actually tasted like something) and it came in this awesome little coconut bowl (real, I think), and the rice was delicious and we got naan bread that was, as good naan bread is, out of this world.I don't remember the desserts as being that great, but I'm pretty hard to please when it comes to desserts. If it's too sweet I don't like it, if there's orange flavor I don't like it, if there's chocolate mixed with cherry I don't like it. Probably it's a good idea to skip dessert and just buy some Mrs. Fields cookies on your way back to the slot machines.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2007,5/8/2007,105,68,3,4,4>As bad a rap as this place gets, I found it just fine this past weekend, given low price vs. the other schwanky hotels around town.  Let's face it, you're up all night anyway!  Who cares!  We stayed in the "Paradise Tower" part of the hotel, and actually had a nice room!  The view of the strip was good (room 618 to be exact), and the bathroom was pretty big (good for a couple of gal pals getting ready).  I also stayed here this past new year's eve, and it wasn't as nice, but I was in a different part of the hotel.  It was maybe the garden area?  Who knows...they did have a clogged pipeline issue that time which was gross,  however they fixed it right away and the staff were all pleasant.  I think Trop gets a bad rap when its not all that bad given price and location.  You can hop on the tram right across the street at the MGM and check out whaveter schwank hotel you like.  Its cheap and close to things!  And its OLD school, which is pretty cool.  Oh yeah, the karaoke bar is cheesy and fun, old school style.  We sang a few numbers.  The MC likes to think he's got mad skills, as in breaking into a Doors song in between guests on stage.  That's a no no whe you have a stack full of napkin requests.  The MC unspoken rule is only to sing when you have a dearth of entries.  But no, he had to break into the Doors midstream.  Poor dude, wookin pa nub in all the wrong places.  Long live the old school Trop.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2007,5/7/2007,19,40,1,5,2>Nothing beats Luv-Its. But when you're stranded in the middle of North Las Vegas..any frozen custard is good, especially if it's right down the street. They didn't even gip us when we went with a $1.99 banana split coupon. It was good. And all the flavors I've tried are good. It definitely doesn't have the local flair that Luv-Its does, but I'm glad Ritter's is here when I can't get my fix of Luv. ;)
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2006,5/6/2007,0,0,2,3,3>One star for having a ton of friendly blackjack dealers and pit bosses. They're willing to really banter and smacktalk with you: how can I forget the dealer who told Eric B that he was playing blackjack like an idiot, right to his face? It makes it more fun to play here than anywhere else in Vegas.One star for the best music in any private establishment I've ever seen. I would pay money to have access to an internet stream of the music they play in the casino.One star for bee-yoo-tiful hotel rooms, complete with flat screen TVs and nice, powerful showerheads.One star for having enough self-confidence to not think that they have to be on the strip.One star for having enough good food options -- both Lucky's and the mexican place whose name I won't say -- serve very good food at reasonable prices. And obviously there's Nobu as well, although I haven't been there yet.I also throw in 400 special bonus stars, one for each of the devastatingly hot women at the Rehab pool party on Sunday afternoons. Damn.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2006,5/5/2007,18,22,2,4,5>Having been in the US for 6 years and constantly searching, i've come to accept that the best chinese food is still in Hong Kong. There is however a sweet consolation---264 miles away from my area,there is Noodles. Surprisingly, I would find my favorite chinese food place inside a vegas hotel. But it's true, the exceptional taste of the food here brought back memories of my Hong Kong love affair with congee, dimsum, peking duck and noodles. Unlike other places I tried, their roasted duck is tasty yet not as greasy (you can even order it de-boned which makes for an even more enjoyable pigout). Their dimsum is topnotch. Basic selections like har gao, siu maai, bau and ma chang taste exceptional. My most favorite of all though is their seafood congee. Not a lot of chinese restarants serve this well, if at all, but in Noodles, they have it great. It has savory stuff like squid, scallops, mushroom, bokchoy, fish fillets in a tasty base (not watered down or too textured).I do wish they'd expand the dismsum menu and serve woo kok (mashed taro with shiitake mushrooms, shrimp, pork), and bring back the seasoned jellyfish. Other than that, I have no complaints. If you do love chinese food, and you know chinese food by heart, this place won't disappoint. And for those of you who prefer other asian cuisine, like korean, japanese, vietnamese or thai, Noodles also has tasty selections to satisfy your cravings (eg. pad thai, pho, kimchi, udon, and other favorites). Not the cheapest place, but definitely worth it. Did I mention the ambiance? It's a casual, comfortable place with minimalist beautiful decor by Tony Chi. This is a must for those who love asian food and a good time.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2006,5/4/2007,97,164,1,3,6>I live in the SF Bay Area and whenever I'm in Las Vegas, I see Brannon, Celebrity Stylist Extraordinare... of course it's been about a year and half since I've had a cut from him (so sad- I'm not made of $$$ so I can't fly to Vegas whenever I need a cut!). Brannon used to work at the AMP Salon in the Palms and has since opened his own store in the Hard Rock Hotel...Even though I'm not famous, he still treats me just as fabulously! I'm not kidding when I say this will be the best haircut you'll ever have. I've been searching for an SF stylist that has similar techniques but it's just not the same as seeing the man himself! Keep up the great work Brannon!
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2006,5/3/2007,55,246,,6,6>Cute little mom-and-pop gourmet shop near Green Valley -- nice hand-picked selection of cheeses and charcuterie, plus an interesting collection of dry goods (pasta, beans, olive oils) and rows and rows of wine. The folks who run the shop couldn't be sweeter.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2007,5/2/2007,459,979,2,7,5>Come to Japonais if you want top quality fish and I mean GRADE A+ SASHIMI. I've been to the several Nobus, Sushi Yasuda in NYC, Sasubune in LA, and Kiss Seafood in SF but I have to say this place is the best sashimi I've tasted. Thanks to our wonderful waitress Tomoko for her knowledgeable recommendations. Our meal wouldn't have been the same without her help!Another favorite is "the Rock" -- this is probably a signature Japonais dish. You literally throw a slab of thinly sliced NY strip steak onto the hot rock and it cooks in less than 5 seconds. SO GOOD.I will definitely come back and better yet, I now want to try the other locations in Chicago and NY.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,5/1/2007,0,0,9,10,11>The Luxor treated me and the fam right this past weekend. We stayed in a spa suite in the Pyramid part (as opposed to the tower). Very comfortable beds, not that I spent much time in them. I got all of 8 hours of sleep over the course of three days! There was a beautiful, large jacuzzi tub at the far end of the room, which I used to soak my extremely tired feet. In my infinite wisdom, I chose to wear 4 1/2 inch stilettos the entire weekend (my feet are still in pain by the way). There was a separate living room area with a TV, couch and mini fridge which we used to store the vast amounts of liquor we purchased at the liquor store across the street. Cause everyone knows, you have to do AT LEAST three shots before you go downstairs to the casino bar...it takes the edge off!!All in all, a fantastic hotel despite the fact that it was four times the usual weekend rate because of March Madness...or as I now call it: Man Madness!
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2007,4/30/2007,135,218,,5,5>So sleek.  So Euro.  So glad I got to stay in this posh hotel for $0.... thanks to a business trip.  THE hotel is probably one of the coolest hotels I've ever stayed in.  The decor is ulta-modern but in a timeless way - like in ten years no one will be thinking, "This place screeeams 2007".  Everything is along the lines of a soothing trio of black-white-beige - a welcome respite from the blinking lights, stale cigarettes and dinging casino sounds coming from the rest of the Mandalay Bay compound.  There are also some really cool Dale Chihuly-like (not sure if they're his for sure) white glass chandelier sculptures in the two entrances.The rooms are very large - two bathrooms, one that's probably bigger than my bedroom at home - and all feature flat panel tv's which is nice if not a bit humorous.  Is it really necessary to watch tv in the tub/shower?  The beds were comfy (feather pillows...mmm), the shower exquisite after long days at a tradeshow, and the closet space generous (and lighted!).  We ate breakfast both mornings at The Cafe and I was impressed.  Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, and The Cafe delivered - steel cut oatmeal, polenta, perfectly toasted toast, crispy bacon, buttery & light pancakes, and tea in silver pots.  Even if you're not staying at The Hotel, slide into their comfy booths and get yourself a fabulous morning meal.  Just come early or call ahead - the wait can get a bit on the longish side.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2007,4/29/2007,103,199,3,3,3>Trip to Vegas with 15 others. On the agenda - Jet.When we got to Jet, they stopped letting people in because some boxer was coming by. Not only was Floyd Mayweather coming by...50 Cent was with him! 50 and the rest of the G Unit walk by us and I yell out - '50 Cent, you are awesome'. He actually stops and poses for a pic. Yes, very cool. Because I had some liquid courage, I asked someone in 50's entourage if we could go in with them. What the heck was I thinking..I could have gotten shot! So, 50 finally gets in the club and the let the rest of us normal folk in.The music was SOOOO much fun. Our crew danced our butts off! It was so crazy that one person in our group lost his glasses...he managed to find one lens...not like that mattered much. The club set up is very much like Light in the Bellagio. Dance floor in the middle and bar along the side.Drinks weren't very good there because the bartenders pretty much suck. They can't seem to mix a decent drink. Ohh well, we had a celeb sighting and a awesome night dancing the night away...
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2007,4/28/2007,84,199,8,12,9>Like Michael A., I was nervous about going here.  I'd never had a straight-edge shave before.  I was afraid I'd get whacked.  It's pretty odd to go to Vegas and get a...shave.But I was wrong.  This place was awesome.  The hot towel, after I got over the initial sensation of wanting to scream, was awesome.  There was lots of towel-shave-towel-lotion-towel-shave and I'm not sure if that's how it always goes but it was really relaxing.  The barbers banter back and forth while they're shaving you, which gives it kind of a legitimate feel and makes it's feel less like you're in some stuffy salon.And remember: It may cost $50 for a shave, but it's cheaper to sit in a barber chair for an hour in Vegas than to sit at a blackjack table or a strip club.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2007,4/27/2007,34,34,3,4,4>Wow!  Served in a 3 ways is the Michael Mina way!I'm still savoring the taste of the froi grois that I had there.The service was very good.  The team there was incredible! We ordered a fancy shmacy wine from New Zealand to go with our oysters once again, froi grois, scallop ceviche, chiliean sea bass, and kobe beef.  I've never been to a restaurant that serves entrees for $40-$80 each.  That was a nice shocker for me.  But it was all good and one of my favorite dining experiences.I recommend going here with a high roller!  They'll make sure you'll have a good time!
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2007,4/26/2007,208,3,2,3,3>Want just a quick bite to eat at the nearest Casino to the LVMS (Las Vegas Motor Speedway),  then this place will fill you right up. We didn't feel like cooking on Friday night, after a long day of drinkin' beer and participating in red-neck activities, and yes I mean NASCAR qualifying. After a lot of car wrecks and a lot of Bud Light, nothing sounds better then a Patty Melt with a mound of fries!We piled 11 of us into a van and headed north to the Cafe. (yes I said 11) We got there and we got seated immediately, and they accommodated the handicapped person in our group. She was prompt in taking our order. The only thing is my younger brother wanted a Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and she said " sure I can bring you a Sierra Mist." Looks like he was in for another Bud Light.Salads were served quickly as were the drinks. Not to long for the food, which is good because there were several drunk people, and you know how they get when they are hungry. Everything you could think of was ordered from Steaks, to Shrimp, to Patty Melts. Everything was good, & there were no grumblings about how their food was cooked.They cleaned up quickly brought us another round of beers, and let us take our time to pay the bill. Good thing is when you are all done you can either go right back to gambling, as most of us did, or you can go bowling, whatever tickles your fancy!
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2007,4/25/2007,4,7,,3,3>Sometimes you just wanna go where everybody knows your name.  This is a fave for my roomie and I when we want to go to a central hang out with friendly and fun bartenders who actually take the time to introduce themselves and get to know you.  Not to mention the likelihood of running into a hottie or two during a weeknight happy hour or a good crowd of locals prime time Saturday.  The eats are high-end for bar food - the basics with a bit of a gourmet twist.  It's not just a burger, it's a Kobe burger.  Or there's the ahi tuna sandwich or artichoke and goat cheese pizza.  Of course there's the gaming at the bar but plenty of non-gaming seats too.  The only downfall is that you can only get a good view of the majority of the bar at a few select seats of which I won't be disclosing but will let you figure out.  The beautifully designed mahogany structure happens to be right in the middle of the rectangular bar but nevertheless there is still a social atmosphere.  The plasma TVs are plentiful, dining area can seat medium-sized parties, a side area has pool tables, and there's a cozy room in the back to chill in or reserve for your group.  A large fancy banquet area is upstairs and perfect for a variety of events.  The background music is nostalgic and after a few seasonal beers (bring back the Skinny Dip!), Journey's Don't Stop Believin' becomes my anthem.  We're pretty sure we saw Junior from the Sopranos there one night too.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2007,4/24/2007,81,460,4,6,2>Ahhh...Quaaaa.....The spaaaaa....The syllable "ahhh" is about all I can manage here.  I went to Qua yesterday just for the Roman baths - which were only $35 mind you.  For your precious $35 you get access to the chlorine-free mineral baths which are hot tubs in three temperatures- warm (98 degrees), feckin hot (108 degrees), and  I'm freezing my ass off (70 degrees)  Couple that with lovely rainfall and this huge shower in the middle and you start off as an invigorated happy camper.  But next you hit the cedarwood sauna which bakes you at a cool 190 F.  It's dry heat, so it's bearable and it really helps your skin detox after washing for months in Chicago acid rain (bka tap water).  There is also the option for the regular chlorinated hot tub.  After the sauna, I sat in the herbal steam room for a bit and cleared my sinuses then finished off in the arctic room, complete with blowing snow.Post bathing, you can take a shower in the luxe bathroom, which is fully stocked with beauty products and curl up in a comfy robe while enjoying a cup of tea prepared by the "sommelier".  All in all it's a wonderfully relaxing experience, except for the fact that it's clothing optional...in some cases that can be a little jarring....
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,4/23/2007,126,88,3,5,5>We arrived here long after our fine dinner at Tao Bistro and since we got a line pass from our server, we were able to avoid the long line cue before the club opens at 10pm.It's a pretty cool club with different areas and music in parts of the club. Since we got there early it wasn't crowded and my wife and I were able to chat with the bartender. TIP: Since drinks can be on the pricey side, tip your bartender well and early to get good strong quality drinks...we stumbled out of the place...but that's another story.The music in the large table room was awesome but beware, when the tables get reserved, you will be asked to leave and there's little room to sit elsewhere in the club. That was okay because my wife wanted to shake her fine booty on the dance floor. If I came here with a group, I would opt for a table which i hear can be pricey.Speaking of which, the dance floor gets crowded fast so either practice your vertical dance moves or avoid it altogether. My wife had a minor altercation with a female patron trying to get her "freak" on. I guess she got too close to her dance "expressions". Behind is the outdoor balcony which overlooks a portion of the strip and gondola ride...which was nice to breath in some fresh air with cigarette smoke rather than straight smoke.The staff, including the doormen, were courteous with us which showed us they had class. All-in-all, we had a good time. I wouldn't mind coming back here again.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2007,4/22/2007,376,410,1,6,7>Zeppelin + fine dining = One of the best meals of my lifeSaturday night in Vegas and although we had other plans for dinner a last minute call convinced us that being the guest of the yet unopened B&B might be interesting. B & B is the latest restaurant venture from Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich of Babbo, Otto, and Lupa fame. If you've eaten at any other of Batali's restaurants you'll have high expections of top notch authentic and creative Italian food. Batali and co. have done Vegas right by creating a cool joint that is classy and does the near impossible by making you feel transported out of the the desert mayhem that is Las Vegas. The dark walnut walls, crisp white linens, and of course Batali rocks the Zeppelin. You gotta love someone who has the balls to match Zeppelin with fine dining and make it seem effortless and obvious. Of course we're gonna rock fine dining! For the primo, I had the Baby Red Oak Leaf salad. I was actually expecting Mario to have concocted some crazy way to prepare oak leaves, thankfully it was a varietal of lettuce that was like no lettuce I ever tried, rich and flavorful. For the secondi, I tried a few items starting with the Stinging Nettle papardelle with Wild Boar Ragu. This was spectacular, rich and well balanced, the nettle doesn't really impart much flavor, but is a nice counterpoint to the boar which provides most of the earthy flavor.  Next up the Beef Cheek Ravioli with Crushed Squab Liver and Black Truffles. Oh my God, yes this was a spiritual experience. * without any hyperbole, this was hands down the best pasta I've ever eaten, better than anything I tried in Tuscany *  And that's not the hangover talking. Two or three other well travelled guests agreed. I think it might have been the squab liver that put it over the top. For the secondi, the Brasato al Barolo, essentially bone-off short ribs on polenta with fresh horseradish. As you can imagine, rich and decadent, melts away with every bite and the horseradish provided a nice sharp counterpoint to the richness. Next up the Fennel Dusted Sweetbreads which made me feel smarter immediately. At least smarter for trying them. Crisp on the outside, tender on the inside. Possibly Mario's tribute to the chicken nugget. Unbelievable, who knew brains could taste so damn good. For dessert,  being in the desert, I felt like some thing rich but also refreshing, and the warm chocolate cake with mint gelato did not disappoint. I could have eaten twelve of these if given the opportunity. The housemade caramel gelato was also pure decadence.The wine we had was "house" wine, and by that I mean Bastianch's Italian wine company and Mario's personal Italian label. Not a bad glass among the bunch. All exceptional.   Starting off with raspberry bellini's, the wine was paired by their som to match our choices for the 4 courses. Each wine was excellent. I thought for my shortribs, I could have used a slightly bigger wine with more acid to cut it, however the sangiovese blend was still excellent. We went through probably 8 to 10  bottles of wine. From prosecco to Rose, to the final Moscato and inbetween, all matched up great with our food.  Overall, B&B is going into the Vegas rotation, fun, cool, classy, incredible Batali food, incredible wine and I don't need to fly to NY. Now I just need to send word that San Francisco needs Mario too.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2007,4/21/2007,428,588,,5,3>Everything was delicious, and the service was exceptional! There were 3 waiters serving us all of whom were very nice. The food was exceptional we had the following items: BBQ Shrimp appetizer, Caesar Salad - prepared at your table, Seared Tenderloin & Sea Scallops with Bacon Potato, Toasted Walnuts and Blue Cheese and aged Beef Tenderloin. I like the ambiance of the place, classy but not stuffy.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2006,4/20/2007,109,256,3,1,4>Ok, if Oprah can feature this in "O Magazine" then I say why not review it? Though I'm not really sure what category this should fall under.Quick description of what this is: "Passion Parties is the premier sensual products, party-plan company in the United States and Canada. "Translation: Ways for women to get their friends together to get silly and lose the shame of talking about, touching and even tasting some of the racier products many of us normally avoid. Oh, and we also got to play a game of hot potato.Our "consultant" seriously knew her stuff and she had great tips for alternative product uses... For instance, a relatively tame scented linen spray makes a great spray-on foot powder! I could go on, but I want to keep this PG-13.I think the best part was just watching my friends' reactions to some of the products. If any one is looking for a bachelorette party idea -- or maybe you just want to spice up your next afternoon tea -- give this a shot. Whoever hosts gets free stuff, too.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2006,4/19/2007,272,113,1,7,6>Worthwhile to visit this exhibition if you can trudge through that gloomy casino floor.The nervous system presentation was of great interest to me. Despite experience in neurology, I was fascinated viewing the full spinal column specimen. This is also the first time I've observed human dura matter in its entirety; yes like many of us, I've sliced through my share of pachymeninx but....The most effective portion of the exhibit is the healthy lung positioned next to an emphysemic lung. Conveniently placed next to that sits a bin to deposit your pack of cigarettes..and you will. Made me happy that I've never puffed on one of those.Ticket sales end an hour before closing but you'll need at least 90 minutes to get through this. Highly recommended visit for everyone.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2006,4/18/2007,24,43,3,4,2>The name is embarrassingly bad.  It's like they had to throw in the word "Kimchi" just to make sure people realize it's a Korean joint.  But the food was eggsszellent.  We hit this place twice in 3 days.It's a Korean BBQ place, but to be honest, their BBQ is probably the worst thing on their menu.  My recommendations:1)  Haemul Jongol (spicy seafood stew) - very very good.  But I'd steer away from this if you're not Korean.2)  Nakchi Bokum (spicy squid dish) - very good.3)  Undegu Chorim (Monk Fish stew) - Awesome4)  Sam Gyup Sal BBQ (meat) - this was good actually, the cuts of meat were tender and thicker than normal.  But stay away from the Gal Bi - the meat was good, but man they totally over-marinated it.  The grill got all burned up with all the sugar and sauce from the meat.5)  Neng Myun (cold noodles) - average, but still good when you're in Vegas heatThe service:From a Korean perspective, it was pretty bad.  They didn't give you any free dishes no matter how much meat you ordered (bad etiquette), and they rolled their eyes when we asked to change our grill (dude).But when you get sick of the overpriced Italian food in Vegas, this place really hits the spot.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2006,4/17/2007,954,774,4,4,4>Gotta love chanel!! I find this one to be especially nice because not only is it in Vegas (best shopping ever), but it's in the Wynn, which I find to be a particularly pretty hotel. The people who work there are very very friendly, but overly friendly where they're 2 inches behind you asking if you need help every second. The lady who helped me was very nice, and I love how they wrap your purchases up all pretty :)
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2007,4/16/2007,3,2,7,5,7>I went to Vegas for Saint Patty's Day and for a 25th birthday celebration and let me tell you IT WAS OFF THE HOOK! The night started off horrible with standing in a line that was a mile long. Oh and on a side note when did bouncers start to get paid so much. I offered one a hundred dollars to just get me to front of the line and he looked as if i called his mom a bitch.  But I digress.  Once you enter the elevator you know you in for an awesome experience and I was not disappointed. The drinks were strong the women were hot and the view was tight.Make sure you go to the lounge adjacent to the bathrooms to see the hottest bartender I've ever seen.  Ohhhhhhh Tammy or Teri or Tina or .......  Whatever I was hammered.Late
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2006,4/15/2007,71,58,7,2,2>MGM was really a pleasant surprise since I was sneaking into a room I knew to be vacant; it turned out to be a beautiful suite, and the former guests had left me part of their welcome gift from the hotel staff: a bag of "mashuga-nuts" and plenty of Perrier water. The Mashuga-nuts I could take a pass on, but I always appreciate a hotel that provides complimentary Perrier to its special guests. Favourite feature, of course, was the bathroom, with luxurious white marble and detachable Kohler shower-head, with little gold MGM lion on it. Everyone knows what detachable Kohler shower heads are good for. Special plus of staying at MGM, of course, is that they have the best movie selection around. I hesitate to admit it, but it was with much exuberance that I lay in bed, sipping Perrier, and watching Ice Age II: The Meltdown!
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2007,4/14/2007,128,224,45,11,21>She showed up at my door a week ago.  Emma.  Immediately the memories came rushing back.  Hong Kong.  A late night in a martini bar called The Feather Boa making out on a couch for two hours in front of everyone.   One couple even took pictures of us.  We didn't care.  We had found each other.   She was Australian, from Brisbane, a ballerina.   Young, first time away from home, she spent her days teaching bored Cantonese children to pirouette.   We were inseperable.  All day and all night.  Then I had to go back to America.  She begged me to stay, but I couldn't.   I promised I would never forget her, and I didn't, but I did leave. Heartbroken.She managed to get a place with a ballet company in New York, but she had a stopover in San Francisco on her way there.   That was all that was needed for two hearts to find each other again.The last week has been spent making up for lost time, most of it in the bedroom.  Ballet dancing has left her still as flexible as I remember her.   Friday night we both knew, and we had to make it official before fate tears us apart again.   The late night Southwest flight from Oakland to Vegas is famous for lovers like us.  The Little White Wedding Chapel was our first stop from the airport.   It's done.I'm married Mom.  I finally got married.(Please note the date of this review.  Fools in April and all that.)
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2007,4/13/2007,24,0,14,13,14>New Year's in Vegas. Dare I write this review? Or would that violate the edict stating that "What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas"? Eh, with sincere apologies to the Vegas tourism commission, I've never been one to hold anything back. The club is GORGEOUS. The red decor was soothing, the outdoor pool remained miraculously devoid of drunk revelers at midnight, and the waterfall is splendid. The club's not huge, but it's well-designed, so drunk people weren't tripping over each other. Mad props to the designers for pulling that off. It's not as simple as it sounds. They maintained the cozy, intimate atmosphere while keeping their guests' well-being in mind and avoiding pesky confrontations between drunk people who bump in to each other. Cause, we all know that the drunker you are, the more likely you are to pick a fight with someone, and in most cases, you're gonna get your ass handed to you. Unless you're me. I never get my ass kicked. Ever. Not even when I was a baby. I used to kick the crap out of adults even back then. But, I think I'm special that way. Back to Tryst... The DJ on New Year's was outstanding. He played the latest hip-hop and mixed in some old-time favorites. Anytime I hear Montell Jordan's "This Is How We Do It" and it takes me back to my junior high dances in 95, it's always a good thing. No exceptions. And then there was the bhangra. I can't tell you how much Jehan M. loves him the occasional bhangra-hip-hop fusion mix, and the DJ played it to perfection. What impressed me the most, however, was how great the staff was. Being poor graduate students, we didn't opt for a table ($3000 for a group of 4 including 3 bottles of Champagne) and when we got tired, we decided to sit down at random tables. We were then very politely informed that we could not sit at the tables because we were paupers and didn't deserve to sit at a table reserved by rich people. But, while the general gist of the message was certainly not comforting, the way it was delivered by the staff made it seem not so bad. And, they never lost their patience with us, and were always really sweet about it. Actually, the girls working that night had really low-cut tops, so I can't be sure I heard anything they said, but I wasn't complaining when they approached our group to kick us out. In fact, I sort of welcomed those moments.The bathroom staff in the men's room was awesome as well. You'd think they'd be pissed off that they had to spend their New Year's night in a restroom at a nightclub, but they never let it show. They were super-efficient at handing out towels for us to dry our hands on and my friend told me one of them actually chased him down to give him a towel. He was going to grab one for himself, but this guy jumped over several obstacles to get to him before he could make it to the paper towel dispenser. Such effort must not go unmentioned.Lastly, the crowd was incredible. Good looking people EVERYWHERE. And, good-looking, well-dressed, rich people at that! Those are like my favorite kinds of good-looking people! Everywhere I looked I was surrounded by Christian Louboutin and Jimmy Choo, and then I caught a glimpse of myself in the mirror in my Banana Republic jeans, Van Heusen shirt, Kenneth Cole shoes, "Pimpin' ain't easy" bandanna and pirate patch over my eye and I've never felt so out of place in my life. (OK, I possibly didn't have a couple of the items I mentioned in that list, but for the most part, the description is accurate.) But, you know what? Clothes don't make the man, cause I think I got more numbers than most of the guys there that night. Sure it was mostly from the guys working in the restroom cause I'm organizing an informal low-stakes poker tourney, but that should count for something, right?To recap: I spent about $450 on one night and may not be able to pay my rent this month (damn you, $20 drinks!), but I'm still giving the place 5 stars. If that doesn't convince you to check it out for yourselves, I don't know what will...Anyone have a couch I can crash on for a while? Hello?
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2006,4/12/2007,157,47,15,8,5>OK so after eating at the Wynn buffet for lunch after having a Deluxe Carnitas Burrito at the Barstow Del Taco for breakfast, I really wasn't feeling the Bellagio buffet. In fact, I wanted the food to turn into a baby alien and rip out of my stomach and kill me. That's how gross I felt.We got seated next to a table of five coked-out bleached-blonde girls and a metro guy, who seemed to be having even less fun than me. I forced myself to get up and go get some food. And I was glad I did, because it is a pretty good buffet.Plate 1:- shrimps w/cocktail sauce: standard- prime rib: tough and overcooked- fake kobe beef: tough and overcooked and not that tasty- grilled asparagus, carrots, and garlic thingies: excellent.- tuna nigiri, ca roll, tuna hand roll: decent but awesome that they even had itPlate 2:- crab legs: standard but good- bowl of congee, Taiwanese style: Hellyeah. - sweet potato mash: so good, must-eat- chilean sea bass: BEST DISH IN THE WHOLE DAMN PLACEPlate 3:- more chilean sea bass- more sweet potato mashDessert plates:- don't remember what I got. What I didn't get but should have was the Creme Brulee. So I don't know if I ate enough to satisfy the $32 bucks worth, but whatever. I walked back to the car like a pregnant mouth-breathing incontinent zombie. So yeah, the Chilean Sea Bass should be your staple Bellagio buffet food. I didn't understand why people were piling on mahi-mahi and salmon and overlooking the Chilean sea bass. Maybe because I was hogging up all the space in front of it, drooling all over the dish. Suckers.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2006,4/11/2007,199,77,3,3,5>what...only the second review???  everybody this place is hella fun.  yeah, im a bit old to be playing in a warehouse full of huge square trampolines pieced together, but damn it is so much fun.  it takes me back to the time when i was a kid learning how to do flips and somersaults on what seemed to be a big trampoline b/c i was so small.  now that im a bit taller, i feel safe doing the same thing again in the land of trampolines.  if you were wondering they padded the areas all around too.   i came here for the first time taking my then friend, now my lovely dining companion/gf for a fun adventure way outside the strip for the opportunity to jump and flip like crazy fools on the mecca of trampolines..  it costs $8.50/hr.  so cheap, and well worth it.  and an hour is good enough time for me b/c i was panting and sweating like a hog.  i guess thats what i get for trying to do front/side/and back flips.  theres even hoops to jump through and even an area sectioned out for 3d dodgeball.  yeah, we were the oldest ones there, but who cares.  i suggest go on school nights at the latest times, so there are less kids to run...err...i mean jump into.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2007,4/10/2007,338,829,,4,4>what a fantastic restaurant! came here this afternoon and was definately impressed with the decor. bronze tabletops and menus. heavy! kinda rustic feeling when you walk in. we started with the spinach artichoke dip which i must say was one of the best i've had. best word to describe is chunky. each flavor did not overpower the other. just enough cheese and spinach and good size artichoke pieces. came with homemade fococcia.. could have used a little more flavor. reminded us of naan. i had the pesto cream fettucine. DELICIOUS! wasnt too oily and just the right consistency of creaminess. my friend had the grilled pesto panini and she was pleased.. very surprising considering she doesnt like pesto too much!.. i havent had the tiramisu but i heard its superb here. i'll have to come back and try it! they have happy hour between 4-7 and lunch specials until 4pm. the lunch special is a good sized portion for 2/3 the price. i'm afraid to see the full order. this place gets 4 stars cuz it doesnt have a large variety of pizza or pasta. basic pastas with red, white or pesto sauce. nothing fancy. just fettucine, spaghetti, or angel hair pasta. extra dollar for tortellini. and the waiter checked on us every 3 minutes. it was very annoying. i mean i like to be checked on but it felt like we were beign harrassed. haha. couple times during the meal is great but i swear he came and asked us 7 times how we were doing. and when he was refilling my water he didnt ask if i wanted more he just stuck his arm in my face as i was trying to eat my pasta and said 'dont mean to reach!'... but he did.. and if i didnt move my head back he would have grabbed my nose. lol.. other than that i really like this place.. might be a little pricey if you dont get the lunch special. $11 for spinach artichoke dip? it cost more than my pasta (8.50)..
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2007,4/9/2007,1088,215,3,8,8>Sometimes the luck of the Irish in me comes in handy. On my most recent visit to Vegas I stayed, practically for free, at the Hilton Grand Vacations Club because my best friend's folks own a time share here. Thank you to the Myers family, hollah!The suites can easily accommodate 2-4 people. They offer a full kitchen, big fridge, dishwasher and washer and dryer. The place is as luxurious or more than my usual favorite hotel, the Venetian. In particular I was crazy for the three nozzled shower wall! The pool is perfect for lounging, but not so perfect for scoping as the crowd was mixed between older timeshare types and random kids like us. One other important thing, even though it's more of a residence than hotel, the employees are very helpful and responsive. A technician fixed an evil beeping noise coming from the kitchen quickly (dishwasher, who'd've thunk?) and the concierge was an angel, guaranteeing entry for three GUYS into Jet after spending an hour on the phone.The location is prime, on the strip and within walking distance to Circus Circus or Sahara. This actually comes in handy because cabs rarely show up here, so you're better off taking the 5 minute walk over to Clowns R Us to get a ride to your evening's destination.
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2006,4/8/2007,94,108,2,3,3>Most definitely an 'ultimate buffet dining experience'. This buffet has everything my little heart could ever desire. The brunch is wonderful, especially with the all- you-can drink Mimosas(hiccup!). HUGE props for  the Mediterranean bar and the lox bagel sandwich bar. Top notch service. C'mon, what is Vegas without a buffet?
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2006,4/7/2007,388,463,4,2,5>I had never been to a place like this but being the adventurous sort that I am, my friend talked to me into coming here.I walked in and left with a T-shirt the owners gave me saying;'I don't need to call 911.'Enough said.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2007,4/6/2007,23,56,4,3,3>Not too long ago, on SNL (Saturday Night Live for you non-boob tubers) they featured a digital short, or, well, a music video about the CHRONIC-les of Narnia....but even more interesting they sing the praises of a Sunday cupcake at the Magnolia Bakery.   So for a couple of weekends i rewind on the DVR (digital video recorder...for those of you who are not dependent on cable/digital media) the charming little video, grooving to it's simple tune....and suddenly i realize my appetite for a phat cupcake slathered in frosting is growing with each viewing.  "But isn't the cupcake a lost art?"  I ask myself.  "How can that be possible?"So my hunger grows, I even go so far as to buy one of those 6 packs of pre-made cupcakes at my local market.......HUGE MISTAKE!!!  Grocery stores are sooooo hit or miss when it comes to baked goods, honestly tear inducing .So let's skip to the next weekend (bare with me, I swear it's way worth it) I'm skipping through the Target Great land with my girly friend Jessica, and out of the blue (as I'm happily fondling a hard to find variant Marvel Legends action figure shining in it's blister packed prison) Jessica exclaims..."Hey! Have you been to the Cupcakery?!"I think my brain stretched and popped....."CUPCAKERY you say?"So here we are, the point of the story.  Was it possible that my search was about to come to a satisfying end?  Was i about to partake of the cakeyness that i had been lusting after for weeks?   The quaint little Cupcakery was exactly across the street.....it was magic.  The moment you walk in the door your senses are filled with the awesome frosty cakeness.......I was dizzy.The store is honestly the size of a walk in closet in a Summerlin custom home, but, just what you would expect......it's all lovely smells and smiles. Where to start....well, we started by picking a 12 pack of the most beautiful bite-size sensations since the creation of a Milky Way Midnight....the choices were as follows.2 Boston Dream - (basically a Boston cream filled donut in the sassy                                   form of a cupcake.)2 Oh My Gosh - Ganache - (chocolate frosting, yellow cake...filled with                                                  chocolate Ganache.....yumtastic!)2 Southern Belle - (a red velvet cupcake with a light cream cheese                                   frosting.)2 Chocolate Peanut Butter - (need i say more?)2 Mocha Mocha - (a fragrant coffee chocolate mix)and 2 Yellow Cake -  (standard yellow cake cupcake with pretty little                                        frosting flowers on top.)The box was full, the cakes were paid for....I wanted to run to my room and guard the pretty brown box as if it were my PRECIOUS.  but, to truly enjoy, one must share. (besides we did get 2 of each) What followed was an orgy of moist sugary ecstasy.So, the art of the cupcake is alive and well at the beautiful Cupcakery.  I've been back quite a few times after my first serendipitous discovery...and they add different treats all the time....they even have a breakfast cupcake (think cinnamon roll, but better....MUCH BETTER) do yourself a favor and roll in and out of the Cupcakery...it's THE treat you've been looking for.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/1/2007,4/5/2007,31,74,3,8,5>Good ol' Zodie's. When the smoking ban went into effect, this bar ditched their kitchen and mounted a GIANT sign with bold, red print, exclaiming, "SMOKERS WELCOME." I admit, the ban is probably a good idea. I will cover that statement with, "To each his own," everyone's opinion counts, etc. etc. etc. But I do admire the zeal with which they stood to their cause. Now, the decor in Zodie's didn't click in my gourd until very recently. Why? I don't know, because now that I get it, it's just so apparent. The place is scattered with zodiac symbols, sun catchers, and wind chimes. The lighting changes, too, depending on who's on shift. If it's Jim or Pete, the lights are at their fullest level. But if Charla is working, she'll turn the lights completely off, fill the joint with candle light, and talk to you about where your sun is and which planet is in your ... I can't ever follow, but it sure sounds nice. Everyone likes a scapegoat when their luck has run dry, yeah? I've also heard several accounts of the haunt who hangs out at Zodie's, which just adds to the place's appeal. For goofs like me, anyway. I guess he wears a white T shirt, and likes to play with the TVs and radio. I've never witnessed this, but I keep hoping.The drinks are good 'n strong. The prices are definitely affordable. I did, however, cringe a little when I selected the "Night Life" category, because every time we've been to Zodie's, the only other people at the bar are other employees. They do have a Golden Tee machine, and if you take a chance to get to know the bartenders, their stories can certainly be entertaining.It may not be for everyone, but this is one of my favorite places to go for a cocktail.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/5/2006,4/4/2007,39,85,4,5,6>Ok, so I'm here at this ultra-fabulous suite in the Venetian Hotel on a Thursday night. But instead of being out and going buck-wild hung-lo style all over town, I've decided to share my experience at L'Atelier with my fellow yelpers (woo for you!).First off, I dig the decor.  Very dark and chic, trendy, cool I think best describes it.  However, I don't like the sushi themed tables where you are forced to sit at a bar.  Although it is comfortable, it's not very good for intimate conversations or playing footsie for that matter.Second, the food was good, not great.  I'm sorry but if some of you think that's the best tasting menu you've ever had, then you've been to all the wrong restaurants.  The food is good, but the best dish has to be the cocotte of egg with parsley puree, mushroom foam and sauteed chantrelles.  The quail is also a hit, it's served with a soy/chicken demi sauce (or at least that's what I think it tastes like), truffled mashed potatoes, (Joel Robuchon is known for his potatoes, it's one of his signature dishes and is basically your basic pommes puree with an equal amount of french butter added to it.  It's awesome but sickeningly fatty.) and a micro green salad with truffle vinaigrette. Other good dishes include:Poached kumamoto oysters poached in butter, lemon, chives and sea salt.Strawberry milkshake with strawberry sherbet, fresh strawberries and pistachio crisps.Not so good were the:Assortment of ice creams and sherbets that the waiter failed to identify.The grilled Santa Barbara Prawns with Romesco Sauce (just didn't feel like it was a real romesco, imho).andThe scallop carpaccio with lemon marmalade (the marmalade was great), soy, evo, and pepper.So you ask, 'Hung, if the food was good why only 3 stars?'.  Well if you'd just wait a minute, I'd tell you.Service.Service.Service.The bill came up to be about 300 dollars for the two of us, one cocktail and a water.  With that being said, service should have been to par with that of a true french restaurant.  The waiters should not have been snobby, unprofessional, unenthusiastic, cold or answered our questions with short remarks.The conclusion, will I go back?  No.  But I am glad that I went here instead of my initial plans, which were to visit Joel Robuchon's Mansion next door where an average dinner for two runs about a grand.  I won't be revisiting L'Atelier because the cuisine is too Asian for me.  If I'm going to be laying out that kind of dough (which was equivalent to about 15 lap dances at Spearmint Rhino up the street), I should be eating food I know nothing about and enjoying the hell out of it.  And that includes not eating a quail entree served with a sauce my grandmother used to make back at home.So those are my two cents on Joel Robuchon's L'Atelier, you can take it or you can leave.  AFK now, time to party!
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2007,4/2/2007,401,10,2,6,6>Thinking about staying at the Palms?  Keep thinking.  Here you'll find decent night life, but not much else.  Ghost Bar offers stunning views of the city and a clean white interior.  The DJ spins rap, but even if you're not into the music you'll love the outdoor rooftop scene.  This place is beautiful.  A must for anyone in Vegas.Rain is one of the wildest dance parties I've ever been to.  I'm talking thousands of people sweating it out in the dark on multiple levels and stages with lights flashing and flame throwers blasting overhead.  You read that right, maybe eight flame throwers spitting huge flames right over your head.  Though I can't imagine what this place would be like without having a private, wood-paneled, leather sofa'd, balconied VIP room to retreat to.As the Palms is a cab ride away from the strip, one can't help but feel isolated from the rest of Vegas.  My advice?  Stay somewhere on the strip and make the Palms a nightime destination.**** UPDATE 13 SEPT 07I just flashed-back to the Palms' idyllic pool scene during Playboy's 50th anniversary party a few years back.  We had the private poolside bungalow next to Hugh Hefner's, and I made Dateline NBC with my thoughts on the Hef.  Thanks TiVo!
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2006,4/1/2007,43,25,1,9,3>WOW!!! I visited the Spa at 'The Hotel' at Mandalay Bay last weekend.  I am a spa connoisseur and let me tell you it was the best spa I have ever been to.  The design is very modern and the place was kept so clean.  They had a huge array of drinks and snacks to choose from while relaxing.  I had a massage... and I like em deep and rough.... Prolly cause I'm a rower.  My masseur had 'magic hands'.  The steam rooms and whirlpool were a hit with me and my girls.  This place is great for recuperating from a hangover.  Definately relaxing in style!
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2007,3/31/2007,115,291,2,5,9>Craving Japanese food, my friends and I turned to Yelp for a killer Japanese restaurant recommendation and Ichiza returned a solid 5 star rating, so of course I had to check it out. This place kicked booty. This is NOTat all your typical family Japanese restaurant with chicken teriyaki, bento boxes and a massive list of rolls.Rather, this is a true Japanese Izakaya....a bar that has tons of alcohol and a whole bunch of small plates of traditional Japanese "bar food" - the kind of food that isn't always offered at more traditional establishments. We put them to the test, and this place delivered on all my faves: yamakake, natto, agedashi tofu, shisamo, ochazuke, ramen and all manners of yakitori. Did we pig out? Yep, definitely.  And washed it all down with a pitcher of Kirin Ichiban and glasses of cold Otokoyama. As for ambience, expect to see young hip Harajuku-esque Japanese talking on their cell phones and eating ramen while Utada Hikaru (Japanese pop star) blasts on the stereo. I felt like I was in Tokyo again. The proprietor looks like the old Japanese surfing dude from Lost In Translation and the wait staff is very nice. Incredibly cool place with awesome food and a must visit for all of my future Vegas jaunts.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2007,3/30/2007,1362,984,6,13,14>It looks like The Cupcakery yelp.com/biz/rOqY1Vj8sQ6 over in Henderson might have some competition in the world of fancy cupcakes!Opening up only a week and a half ago, word is that Cupcake Lane Bakery has a franchise in mind.  I spotted this little store as we whizzed past W. Flamingo Road and suggested, "Make a right turn!" to my bf.  As we drove up, we noted the "Closed" sign and knew a return visit was a must.  Coming up with some cute names as "Road to Hana" and "Strawberry Fields Way", Cupcake Lane Bakery tantalizes your taste buds with their large selection of tasty morsels.  After reading through each and every description, my friend chose the "Michigan Avenue", the bf chose the "Lake Tahoe Boulevard" in honor of his hometown, and I went for the "Hollywood Boulevard."  (I technically should have gone for the "Lombard Street" or the "Ghiradelli Square" in tribute to my hometown!)The "Michigan Avenue" is a "lemon-infused cupcake topped with a zesty lemon cream cheese frosting and garnished with yellow and blue sprinkles."  My friend was impressed and knew she was in big trouble since this location was not too far from where she lived.  Not being a huge lemon fan myself, I was hesitant.  It was rather refreshing and light.  Sweet without being tart, and actually, pretty darn good.The "Lake Tahoe Boulevard" is described as "Sitting around the campfire and enjoying our take on the S'more.  A chocolate cupcake with a marshmallow center, topped with chocolate ganache and crushed graham crackers and finished with a drizzle of chocolate."  It tasted like a brownie with a gooey center.  It was yummy, but not that special in my opinion.Sticking with the basics, the "Hollywood Boulevard" is "a vanilla cupcake topped with vanilla buttercream and sprinkled with stars."  I felt this was the best way to truly taste the cupcake and the cream on its own.  The cupcake was moist, flavorful, and could stand alone.  The buttercream was sweet, not overly done, and not dependent on the cupcake to stand. I was impressed.  Cupcake Lane Bakery has a lot of promise.  The interior decor could use some help and they have two solo couches and two small chairs for sitting.  They also offer monthly special cupcakes, like this month's was the "Times Square" which had champagne in it.  At $2.25/each, or $23/dozen, they are definitely going to be fair competition.  I'll be back to try the "Savannah Street" and the "Park Avenue."Sidenote: They even offer a Pupcake, a cupcake made specifically for your furry four-legged friend!
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2006,3/29/2007,207,336,16,10,10>Ok, so strip clubs are not something I frequent, but when in Vegas......The night started off not so great.  We were supposed to be on the list to get in free, but somehow they did not have us on the list, but they offered to let us in for half price, so getting in for $10 wasn't so bad.  Plus, the manager guy who worked at the front said of all the sexy women he has ever seen, I had to be the sexiest he's ever seen by far.  This being said in front of all my other fabulously hot girlfriends and he works at a strip club!  HELLO, ego boost.  Inside, the bottom floor is women strippers.  We headed upstairs to see the men.  There is a 2 drink minimum, but they honestly did not regulate this whatsoever.  Nevertheless, I still had 2 drinks.  Small drinks for the price.  Vodka drinks $7 in a tiny ass glass.  The male strippers immediate came over to us because it was pretty early and there weren't a whole lot of people there yet.  They were actually HOT!  No butter faces at all.  And, of course, fabulous bodies taboot.  I think just about everyone in my party got lap dances.  Having recently gone to Centerfolds in San Francisco where the ladies charge $40 a lap dance, $20 seemed like nothing.  I bought my friend a lap dance, but she obviously wasn't drunk enough and wasn't having it, so I ended up with the lap dance.  This guy had the softest skin and hardest body I have ever felt.  He must work out all day, then go get an exfoliating body scrub.  Watching my other friends with their lap dances was one of the funniest things of my life.  I've never seen positions like that!  I headed downstairs where the ladies were because let's face it, women can be fun too.  I was in complete awe of the pole dancing.  I mean these chicks hang upside down with one leg wrapped around a pole, then throw their legs down into the splits, all while wearing 12 inch heels.  Yowzahs!  That's impressive.  Then we were off, like the stripper's pants, to another place.  By the time we left, the place was getting quite packed.  Overall, this place made for a fabulous and entertaining experience that wasn't just going to another club.  Oh, and you can take pictures which is awesome since a lot of strip places you can't!
