<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,9/3/2010,446,326,10,13,14>Love this store! At the meat counter in back really friendly slow paced customer service, kind of reverent in a way. I have purchased baby lamb chops here, fresh, cut to order and at a super fair price. You buy the whole loin and they slice it for you as thin or thick as you wish. The chickens and other meat offerings look very nice as well.The produce I am guessing is not the main focus here, as it is kind of limited. I was surprised to find the presence of so many different types of mortadella as well as the massive amount on hand. Superior quality as well, if the bologna-like meat has such a grade.  The bakery is something to behold, and I must put the blinders on. The pistachio baklava is to die for and I have walked out of their with full pans to return home minus several squares, very addicting. Wander the dark aisles of this compact market and pick up fresh flat breads as well as high quality basmati rice and a myriad of condiments.What a bonus to be able to order food at the in house eatery Al Hana while you shop. Go. Now. Just leave me some baklava.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,9/2/2010,114,175,7,8,9>I had high hopes for this restaurant as I was directed to it by my friend and fellow Yelper, Donald S., and oh...my...God...was the squash ravioli at Tomasos AWESOME!  It was perfect.  It arrived quickly, was presented well, was a good portion for lunch, and geezuz, the sauce was to die for!  It was a bit expensive for lunch, but those of you who know me, know that I say that at almost every meal.  I'm cheap, what can I say?Oh, I forgot the bread!  It was perfectly baked and came with the most wonderful herb butter.  For bread lovers, this will be on the top of your list!I highly recommend this restaurant, and I can't wait to try it for dinner!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2009,9/1/2010,398,837,5,10,10>Ive been meaning to come here and finally made it out Friday night with Daniel!  I consider him the sushi expert, and was finally ready to see what all the hype was about.We came in Friday night and the place was dead.  I mean not a soul but one guy sitting in the corner.  Where was everyone?  We sat down and the server came right over and gave us our menus and took our drink orders.  They seem to have a decent drink menu here and we both ordered chocotinis.  The drinks came out and they were tasty!  YUM!!  Anyways, we ended up ordering some food, and whatever we did end up eating was delicous!  (Daniel the expert did the ordering knowing that I am new to this.  We did a few different things and they were delicious.)Place is cute and well decorated.  Being a novice to this, I was happy with the taste and display of the food that we ate.  I really had a good time here.  As the night went on, we did end up seeing more people come into the resturant,  but that wasn't for a while.Service was great, and overall I had a good experience.  Will return in the future.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,8/31/2010,357,399,6,12,14>Friday night is pizza night at our house.  We just moved to Chandler so we are now exploring all the new places we have to eat and we has seen Grimaldi's earlier that day and decided to go back and give them a try.  We were greeted and seated promptly near the kitchen so my daughter could watch them making the pizza.  It was busy and the pizza looked amazing.  It's just pizza and salad on the menu.  I always say find something and do it well......and Grimaldi's has done just that.  We started with a Cesear salad and I must say, it was the best Ceasear I have had in years.  The lettuce was nice and fresh, lots of croutons and parmesean.......excellent!  I could not wait for the pizza....and it was everything I expected.  A beautiful thin crust with a wonderful consistency and flavor.  Devine.  Heaven. Delicioso!  I'm so glad we live close by.  The food is great but I want to talk about the staff for a moment.  I observed the manager running a very tight ship.  She was in and out of the kitchen keeping on eye on the staff and making sure people were doing what they should be doing and what needed to be done.  Before we left, my daughter needed to use the restroom.  I could hear someone talking on their phone in the restroom.  The manager walked in and waiting for someone to get out of the stall.....it was the young hostess.  The manager told her to get off the phone and get back to work. This is the first time I have ever witnessed something like that in a restaurant.  And good for that manager!!  The young hostess was probably 18 or so.  Work ethic is so sadly lacking in a lot of teenagers today.  This manager was on the ball and I'm sure that's part of what makes this a great place!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2009,8/30/2010,369,46,5,9,10>I met a new friend in my math class in school... I've drove past this place a million times going to her place for study group... after finals... (we both aced our math test!!) we went driving around to have a celebration dinner before her kids and hubby got home.. lol we couldn't pick a place so we just pulled in and decided to give it a go. we walk in and its definitely a mom and pop kinda thing going on... blue and white picnic table clothes over the tables... not even close to a chain... the only guy working there was very helpful. Because we had never been there before we had no clue what was good... he helped us in the right direction... :) we ended up with cod.. 3 nice sized pieces.. my friend had the fries.. and i had veggies as the side... cauliflower, broccoli and carrots... (they were frozen ones warmed up.. but they still hit the spot) also coleslaw and hush puppies!! they were the best!! i had never tasted such amazing hush-puppies in my life!!!!!!!!! i want to go back and just get a huge order of hush puppies to be honest! they were that amazing! the only guy working there had our food out to us within 10 minutes! it was awesome... I will be back!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,8/29/2010,708,1493,11,12,12>I always thought it would be cool to have my own private compound.  You know, kind of like the "Cheney Compound" that our former VP had.  Except I would let Google Maps display mine...mostly because I don't have the power to bend the intertubes to my will and control the Googles.  I also don't have a man-sized safe in my office or play "pepper the lawyer" with my lawyer friends.Not that I'm against the occasional "peppering" when it's called for in the case of not just lawyers but oil company and health insurance company executives, politicians or media talking heads.  I would of course only sanction rock salt or bird shot, I'm a reasonable man after all.But since I don't have a compound I guess I can go to The Compound Grill from time to time.  I was here for a UYE send-off of our illustrious Yelp Community Manager, Gabi.  Not that we won't see her anymore but she is moving up the ladder and overseeing multiple Yelp communities now, sort of like a really cool and sophisticated mother hen overseeing a bunch of foodie chicks from different nests.  Not exactly like chicks because she can tell if we're male or female by looking.  So The Compound Grill hosted this event because they stood to make a few bucks off of the deal.  Hey, they're in business to make money, right?  When we arrived we had the choice of going "off the menu " or buying the wristband for $10 and having the buffet and a couple free drinks.The buffet was pretty good.  I liked some of the food better than others.  The chicken satay sort of things were tasty and I appreciated that they had some nice hot pepper sauce to punch it up.  The salad was good, the sushi ok, the key lime torts were tasty, I loved the grilled sweet potato. The Compound apparently has live music regularly and they get some pretty good acts.  Overall I liked the atmosphere, the service and the food and I would come back to take in some live tunes.  The Compound Grill displays easily on Google Maps so they may want to look in to that.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,8/28/2010,311,459,10,15,15>I had lunch with Jacob L. in this rather charming little gem in Sunnyslope. The restaurant is bright, clean, and cheerfully decorated. The food was tasty and inexpensive. The rice and beans that came with my order were good. Of the 3 tacos I tried, I liked the pastor the best - it was really tasty; the carne asada was good, and the tongue was not as flavorful as I had expected but still OK (static.px.yelp.com/bphot…). Good quality food, so  I'm definitely coming back here - probably on a weekend, to try the other dishes - especially the menudo. And of course I HAVE to get the flan.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,8/27/2010,50,41,6,9,9>You gotta love a place that gives you a best friend.  I got Brady on a whim 7 years ago from here.  Maybe not the smartest decision since I was unemployed and new to phoenix, but hands down the best decision I have ever made.  I can remember going up and down the kenneled dogs and cats with my roommate at the time trying to find the perfect dog for him.  What I found was a brother and a sister in a kennel.  Well needless to say I parked my buns in front of that kennel and couldn't (or wouldn't) move till we took both pups.  The girl for him and the boy for me.  Brady has been there for every turn in my life and has been the most amazing little pup even when I wasn't the most amazing owner.  This place is a wonderful shelter.  It has a clean facility, friendly staff, decent prices, and help you in every step of the adoption process.  I'm not sure if the reason for the 5 stars is sentimentally driven or not, but I don't care.  Like I said, you gotta love a place that gives away best friends.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,8/26/2010,206,377,14,15,11>Hoooolllllly cripes on a popsicle stick.Ever eat a full-course meal and then want to start all over again because it was just that damned good? This place is a home run in every sense. Not just a regular home run, but one of the ones where the ball shatters the stadium lights and Robert Redford is running the bases with sparks falling everywhere. I honestly don't even remember every bit of what was consumed. It was a blur of pure delight. There were these delicious peppers in cream sauce and tomatoes with goat cheese for appetizers. Oh, man. I could've eaten those until the act was criminalized. At some point corn on the cob with parmesan appeared. Then entrees came. I had the halibut (yes, you can get insanely fresh seafood in Phoenix, it's a myth that you cannot). It was so perfect and firm and tasteful... others got the lamb and it was sinful. You have to literally find a wooden booth and go to confession after eating it. I'm available for light penance if you can't find willing clergy.Anyway, the desserts. I'm not a dessert-ordering person, but we got puddings and cakes and I wanted them all in my mouth immediately now. We polished everything off and I seriously wanted the menu back so I could start again. The drinks!  The drinks were off the hook. We tried ordering mint juleps but the bartender had other things in mind. He had invented a variation on the mint julep and would we care to try it? Of course we would. Oh, it was game on. So tasty.Also, the ambiance here is just killer. The kitchen is right there in the middle of everything... and it's the quietest, most efficient kitchen I've ever seen. Ever watch those reality shows where everyone is shouting in the kitchen? How long till the risotto is done and whatnot? I didn't hear a peep from those geniuses all night. They just toiled back there and pumped miracles all night. Also, most of the ingredients for everything made are local!Get thee to FnB.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,8/25/2010,2178,528,28,29,25>Don't tell anyone Christopher. But I have a serious crush on you and your elegant eatery and your fabulous Crush Lounge. This could rival my Scott Baio crush in the 70s. Or my crush on arrugula, beet and goat cheese salad in the 80s. Or even my 90s crush, yep, again, Scott Baio. We were greeted by a lovely host person who gave us the 411 on our dining options. We chose the restaurant kitchen bar which had happy hour prices on food and drink. No sooner had Rickie and I bucked up to the bar did we have our server take our drink order: two iced teas and a large flat water. Soon to follow was some delicious pillowy yet crunchy French bread with a ramekin of soft buttah!While we waited for our food it was most entertaining watching the kitchen staff prepare for what was sure to be a very busy Valentine's weekend. And since I was already with my Valentine, I was most happy. We had a delicious cheese plate with herbed chevre, Manchego, Pecorino Romano and a mild cheese I won't even try to spell. I had a crispy, creamy pizza with goat cheese, roasted garlic and oven dried tomatoes. Very good though I kept thinking of my favorite flat bread delight at St. Francis. Hmmm...Rickie had a burger he enjoyed though the top bun was very doughy and not pleasant to eat. Yam fries were tasty though a dipping sauce would have been fun. All that was only $36!Now. Is it just me but does every new restaurant try to out do the next guy with the jazziest bathroom sinks? Well, I'd have to say, Christopher's takes home the gold. A huge communal sink with a wall in front of you that shoots out water below as you rub your hands over hundreds of little rocks. Enjoyable! And now in the 2000s I have a new crush. And it's a sink. Sorry Scott. OMG...I think I just finished my 400th review! Cheers my yelpitas!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/14/2014,223,431,7,12,10>A new year, it's still here, and my reviews still stands. IF you are in your twenties, then you may remember video stores, but not the glossy ho-hum Blockbuster variety, this place has soul. From the private porn section, old arcade video games, nostalgic video collection, and staff movie picks playing on tv's throughout the store, to the witty/sarcastic/hilarious video clerks who will chat you up about movies, Video Paradise has it all. I hope places like this never go away like Scottsdale Video did. Might I also mention I have the teeniest bit of a crush on all of the employees?
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,2/13/2014,289,105,12,25,19>In the inception of my Yelping I was giving away five star reviews like U of A was giving away TD's to ASU!  I am now learning that four stars is now my high score unless I am totally blown away and is why I am updating my review.  Yin's Chinese Restaurant is a throw back.  Their interior decor is a bit dated but adds to the ambience of the experience.  This little gem is family owned and always prefer it to a corporate spot at all costs.  The most important this about Yin's is the customer service followed but the delicious menu and topped off by the cost!  Big Bang for the buck here.  The valley has changed throughout the times but when I lived in this area in the early 90's it was really nice.  Do not let the area scare you off by giving them a chance.  Support this Mom and Pop's establishment to ensure we don't lose another.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,2/12/2014,65,236,6,7,4>This was my first time here and I was in desperate need of a cut!! Me and a friend got there a few minutes before they opened @ 10am and as soon as they opened our barber greeted us with a frosty bud light. My friends eyes lit up like a 10 year old on Christmas day when he cracked open his can to get a little hair of the dog. the barbers here are funny, helpful and have a great attitude. the shop is clean and has lots of  flat panel tv's to watch sports highlights while you get clipped and sip a cold one. first class all the way!!! thanks for the cut J!!!
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/11/2014,420,461,4,16,14>I'm really glad that this place opened up since it's so close to where I work. I now have another place I can stop in for a drink on my way home.I popped in today for their soft opening for a hangover lunch. Their menu is pretty much the same as the other two Vigs so you can count on decent but not remarkable food. I've always gone to The Vig for the atmosphere over the food anyway so my expectations were met.Today I have The Trifecta which is three sliders with fries. I washed this down with a Deschutes Mirror Pond Pale Ale-totally hit the spot but I'm not and never will be a fan of pretzel buns. Although this is an appetizer it is very filling.They've done a great job with the space. The bar and dining area are smaller than the other two locations but there is a second, atrium-like dinning room. The Patio is the true jewel of this location with a really nice outdoor bar and ample seating. It's going to be GREAT when winter comes.What I was most impressed with was the service. Even though they've not officially opened everyone seems to have it together. One reason I don't go to The Vig Uptown is the attitude of some of the servers. Most of the servers here were very friendly and enthusiastic. My bartender Ashley was friendly  and, knowing that I was hurting, made sure that my water glass was full.So I don't know that I'll come in when I'm hungry but I look forward to coming in when I'm thirsty. Like I said, I can't wait to hang on the patio when it cools off.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/10/2014,378,474,7,14,12>I love this place! I wish it was closer to our house. But it's not. So we have to pace ourselves when we make the trek out here! Fave brews: Big Guy Rye; Little Guy Rye; BWBW (Bear Wallow Berliner Weisse) My absolute go to brew! AND in the fall we made it out for the Pecan Pie Porter. Brett (one of the owners) explained all that went into the brewing of this fantastic porter. ALOT! It's a treat. This brewery is not your typical and I love that. It's clean and all the brews are skillfully crafted. Build your own  burger. We have had the brisket and the chicken and you add your own flair with cheeses, sauces, toppings and the bun, even. We share because its a big one! Love the pretzels and cheese too! My only downfall is they are a little heavy on the salt. I scratch it off and none left. Not a problem! Get a growler of your favorite brew because know this, if it turns out to be a favorite, it won't last long! No worries, another one will be along soon to tempt your brew taste buds!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,2/9/2014,161,113,5,10,8>Every time we go see a movie at the Pollack Theaters, we always leave plenty of time beforehand for a dinner at Yupha's. We love our Thai food and Yupha's is one of my two favorite Thai places in the valley (the other being Thai Spices in Mekong). I always get Pad Thai every time I go to Thai restaurants...I really wish I could try more things but I can never stray from Pad Thai! Arrrgh. Anyways, I love the Pad Thai here but one unfortunate thing is the heat fluctuates each time we come.The first time, I got hot and oooo-weeee my bowel movements hurt the next day! I ordered a step lower on the heat scale the next time, and I barely even felt a singe of heat. So it's kind of hit or miss if the level of heat is there that I want, but regardless the rest of the taste of the dish is the same and it's great. My husband thankfully changes up his order each time we go so I can try more of their dishes. Everything he's ordered has been good. The ambience and timeliness of the food is also a plus -- we don't have to panic about not making our movie on time because we're usually in and out in 40minutes tops. Yupha's will always be a staple of our movie date nights.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/8/2014,100,296,7,10,7>The concept of this restaurant is comparable to Chipotle. You pick pita, bowl or plate, then you pick what goes inside.I was really confused at first becasue the order of the menu on the wall was from right to left and not left to right. I wonder why...The gal behind the counter realized quickly that we were new and started explaining the menu. I picked the pita option and some random ingredients I thought they would taste good together. The whole thing turned out amazing. You can ask for sauces and rice on the side.A bonus to this place is the free iced tea check in offer. They had 3 very refreshing flavors: green, peach lavender, and mango. I took a cup to go and sipped on it for the rest of the day.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/7/2014,67,168,7,16,13>Went here last night with a friend for a couple beers and some food. They have a really good selection of beer on tap. I had a Desert Eagle and an Anchor Steam on tap, both were very good. I really like they have some things here that most places do not have on tap.  The food is really excellent here and I have enjoyed everything I have tried. They have a real nice selection of small plates for happy hour.  When your in the area come here and try a few, they are all very good. Several of my friends rave about the quality of the drinks here, they have some of the best bartenders around so if you love a high quality mixed drink you really need to try this place!Barrelhouse is one of my favorites in the east valley. It is a nice upscale setting that has a friendly atmosphere, I love to come here when I'm in the area.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,2/6/2014,1070,742,17,24,20>This is my first visit to the new hotel and casino.  On my way from work to the hotel, I called up reservations to ask what my dining options were at this time of the night (arriving at 8:30p) and was told that I had Ditka's (steakhouse), the 24/7 Cafe, and the food court, where I could find Panda Express, Fat Burger, and Los Reyes de la Torta.  As soon as I heard "Los Reyes," I knew where I would go for dinner.  :)After studying the three menu boards overhead (a shorter list of their regular selection of tortas, aka sandwiches, and tacos) and concentrating on the tortas board, I considered two options: Cubana and the Carne Asada.  I ordered the Cubana (ham, sliced roasted pork loin, melted cheese, jalapenos, onions, and minus the avocado, and served with refried beans) since that was what grabbed my attention the most.  I was told my wait would be around 10 minutes, so I went to the Players Club to get a reprint of my card, should I ever get the itch to gamble during my stay.  (I found out the unused free slot play I'd received when I first applied for my card years ago was only good for the first 24 hours, so I was not able to get a re-issue of that free play- darn!  However, if you play nice, you can always get something comped.  :)  Thank you, Patrick!)  After getting a new copy of my card, I made a quick stop at the Square Bar for a glass of wine, and then headed to LR to retrieve my to-go order**.A styrofoam box with my name on it was waiting for me, and while I dropped off my claim ticket, I asked where I'd find the utensils and was told it was at the cubicle next to me (couldn't see it because I was approaching the pick-up section from the left and the divider kept me from seeing the utensils, condiments, wet naps, and napkins, which were to my right).  The tables are cafeteria-style, so just grab one that looks clean.  This sandwich, which came with ridged potato chips, was HUGE!  I expected refried beans goop, but these were actually whole beans scooped onto the bottom of the sandwich, upon which sliced ham, white cheese, sliced pork, tomatoes, sauteed seasoned onions, and jalapeños were added.  yelp.com/biz_photos/los-…  The telera roll was toasted and buttered- so delicious!  It was all I could do not to eat the whole thing, and I am accustomed to eating light at every meal.  I ate so much that I don't think I'll need to eat breakfast before heading for my morning swim... With Dunkin' Donuts coffee and Munchkins to tempt me, however, I may just have to force myself to have a few bites!  ;)**  I should've just gone with "dining in" option, since I knew that I didn't have a refrigerator in my room.  However, I had planned to look for a bar to order a drink, since LR didn't serve alcoholic beverages, and I didn't want to leave my food open to the elements.  Thank goodness I went with the boxed option, since there are flies in the cafeteria-- disgusting!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,2/5/2014,244,178,10,16,10>I was missing my old neighborhood in Queens (shout out to Astoria!) as I sometimes do, and found myself craving a Greek salad. Not just an ordinary Greek salad, but one piled high with fresh produce and charcoal grilled juicy chicken breast. I knew it would be a task to find one near my Old Town apartment, but one day BF had a gyro craving and off we went. After referencing Yelp, we had narrowed it down to George's Gyros and George's Famous Gyros (I'm in front of Ray's pizza! Famous Ray's? No, just original Jerry!). We actually decided on the non-famous George's, but they were closed on Sunday so our decision was made for us. I'm so glad we ended up here, though-it was delicious! We ordered take-out and placed our order at the counter, so we waited about 10-15 minutes which ended up being just enough time to scope out the staff (who have fun with their job which I love!) and the location (with the office door marked "Pirate"). We also enjoyed the soda fountain-this is a Coca Cola establishment, hooray! And they have a good syrup-to-soda-water ration which is hard to find. Now, on to the food...BF's gyro was GINORMOUS and stuffed to the brim with tasty gyro meat. He gave me a bite (so generous!) and it melted in my mouth. He conquered half of it before saving the rest for later, which he said was just as good cold. The fries that came with it were good, but I will warn you that they gave us Hunt's ketchup packets, so make sure you have your own ketchup at hand if you are like me and have an aversion to Hunt's. My Greek salad was even bigger than the sandwich-TONS of grilled, moist, juicy chicken on top of a *big* salad. And they accommodated my request for no peppers or olives (which, yes, I know, makes it not a "Greek" salad but whateva) which was really cool. There was an abundance of fresh lettuce and veggies, and it was more than enough for two meals. It came with two containers of an oil and vinegar dressing, and hit the spot JUST like my fave Astoria haunts. And it came with garlic bread! Super buttery and crispy and plain delicious. Oh! And the kicker was that both meals came to under $20 including tip, PLUS we got two drinks for free since we checked in with Yelp. I will be back for sure!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,6/27/2012,254,406,6,13,10>I'm a member of the zoo, so I have the opportunity to visit quite frequently.  I do recommend zoo membership to anyone with children or anyone who wants to lose some weight (walking around the zoo is a lot more interesting than walking around the block).  Since I have lived all over the country, I have had the opportunity to visit a lot of zoos:  The San Diego Zoo, The Oakland Zoo, The San Francisco Zoo, The Bronx Zoo, The Tampa Zoo, The Fort Worth Zoo, The Brookfield Zoo, The Lincoln Park Zoo and a few more I am sure I am missing.  Of all the zoos I have visited, I would say The Phoenix Zoo is in the top three, with The Tampa Zoo or The Oakland Zoo (at Knowland Park) being my favorite to date.Highlights of the Phoenix Zoo?  Everyone must see the Orangutan habitat, which is really quite nice.  I love watching the baby Orangutan swing and play; my daughter could watch him all day long.  The Monkey Village is also a riot.  There are 16 monkeys and only two of them are males.  It is a female dominated society!  Sometimes they even banish the males to the front of the enclosure.  Watch out for falling pee, though.  Those girls like to mark their territory!  Keep your hands off the ropes, for sure!The Komodo Dragons are also neat, as you don't often see those at zoos.The pedal boats are a fun addition to a day at the zoo ($8 for 20 minutes for members).  The one thing I don't like about the zoo is that you are sort of nickle-and-dimed for things.  For example, just for the kids to touch the Sting Rays, members pay $2 and visitors pay $3.  Also, you have to pay $4 per person to feed the giraffes and children under 12 MUST be accompanied by a paying adult.  At The Tampa Zoo, to feed the giraffes you just need a quarter or two to buy the feed.  And you can stay with the giraffes as long as you want!  At The Phoenix Zoo, you have a limited time "turn" to feed the giraffes.  You only get a handful of feed, as well.  It is very disappointing to giraffe lovers like me!Overall, I enjoy the layout and feel of this zoo.  My daughter especially loves the play areas, like the treehouse and the pirate ship.  It is nice that they open an hour early for members, especially in the hot Summer months.  That said, you won't find me at the zoo at 6 a.m.!  I am still in bed!P.S. Don't miss the Galapagos Tortoise.  At feeding time, you are sure to see a rogue hare dart in and out of his enclosure as he slowly makes his way to his food.  The Tortoise and The Hare make a great photo opp!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,6/26/2012,186,135,9,11,6>It's nice to watch a movie in a theatre and not have to hide my wine for once. We came here with a livingsocial deal for two tickets, two appetizers, and two drinks. When we found out the bar was getting a mini facelift and that it meant no regular appetizers (empanadas, tamales, etc), I was faced with the looming question: Will Cool Ranch or Nacho Cheese Doritos better compliment my pinot noir? It didn't seem as good of a deal as when I'd purchased it initially, which was disappointing. Even more disappointing? They were rather stale. Good thing we'd planned ahead and brought some pb&j sandwiches. Husband was happy with the beer choices and we loved the tables in the back of the theatre, where we could eat and drink while we watched the movie. It's nice to have that option (especially when their apps come back) so we aren't left balancing food on our laps. I hope they continue picking great movies to play there, and maybe even some classics to rewatch (who wouldn't love to see Ghostbusters on a big screen with a beer in their hand?). We'll definitely be back.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,6/25/2012,795,565,4,8,9>Haven't written a review in a while.  Now's the time.I saw Lobby's from the road for a while as we were going from here to there.  I saw the sign and thought, "Hmmm, burgers,"  The GeoQpons coupon from my iPhone was my incentive to take my family over for lunch.  Cool ambiance here.  The first thing that I caught my eye about Lobby's is the service.  Everybody was friendly and attentive, and we even got a big mound of extra crinkle fries with our burgers--I'm not kidding, the guy just scooped a whole bunch of extra fries on our tray.There ain't nuthin' fancy about these burgers, and that's what makes 'em special.  Simple, fresh, grilled meat, topped any way you like (and believe me, these things can get topped REALLY high).  Fries were simple and tasty.  We left full and happy.  Next time, I might try me a dog or an Italian sandwich--we'll see.  This place rocks.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/24/2012,244,207,5,11,7>I made my reservation so I could use my groupon before moving out of town... not realizing it was the middle of restaurant week.  This was a minor issue, and will just force a return visit to this fabulous spot (oh darn).  I was a little concerned that restaurant week might not be as stellar as expected, but I honestly can't imagine this meal getting any better.We started with parsnip soup and polenta.  The parsnip soup had a delicious onion undertone, and was quickly slurped up.  The polenta was eaten VERY slowly... so we wouldn't miss a tiny second of savoring the amazingness.  It was THAT good.  The simple topping of crispy capicola and olives, drizzed with olive oil was pure genius.  If it had been an option, I would have forgone the rest of my meal in trade for a large vat of this polenta.   We had the vegetable risotto and salmon with farro next.  The salmon was perfectly done and I really enjoyed the bacon and braised kale that graced the farro.  Our server brought us the standard bowl of cotton candy, which I feel is unnecessarily large.  I mean, I like cotton candy as much as the next person... but about 1/3 of the portion would probably suffice and make the same fun, whimsical statement.  The desserts were next, and were superb.  The brightness of the passion fruit was an amazing ending to an incredible meal.  Our service was impeccable, and I loved the touch of being sent off with a little piece of chocolate-chip shortbread.  Though, sadly, I put the bag in my purse and forgot about it for 2 weeks... I'm not sure if it was any good or not, but the thought was appreciated! This is definitely on my must-recommend list, and I hope I am able to visit again soon.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/23/2012,295,473,4,11,9>I was looking at Art of Merlot for a potential date spot, so I signed up to check it out on my own first to make sure it was a good place. I have always wanted to learn to paint and I thought this would be a good way to have fun attempting it. Plus I have a really long plain white wall in my apartment and I thought it would be perfect for displaying art - and what better art than mine? I am a Libra so I need to be creative I took that 1pm Saturday class with a painting of butterflies in the meadow. I thought that would be cool. Really when you consider how much a canvas, paint, brushes, and an easel costs, the $45 I spent to register is a great price. The class was small - only four other people. That meant a lot of 1:1 interaction and attention on our efforts. I have seen the business on Facebook and found it hard to believe everyone was creating nice paintings - but I saw it for myself!The studio is great (parking is challenging anywhere in downtown Scottsdale), Audra was amazing with all of us and worked to make sure we were relaxed and having fun. This place rocked and was one of the best experiences. I would highly recommend it to everyone and will be coming back with a date. I don't know how I missed the Yelp event here, but I am sad I did.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,6/22/2012,57,155,3,8,6>A great thing happened when I went here...  I really wanted to like it, and I actually DID!  I loved it actually.  Seems to happen rarely lately with let downs more common than not.  Been twice now and both times was VERY happy with my meals and service.The second time that I went was for lunch.  I got a seafood pasta with Mussels, Shrimp, white fish, and calamari.  It was $15 bucks and well worth every penny.  Great portion of each ingredient and the calamari was SO tender with a wonderfully mild flavor that I actually asked the waitress if it really was calamari.  WOWWe were a party of 4 and all of us loved our dishes and left full with no appetizers other than some bread and olive oil (which was delish, of course).  People complain about portion size and I am a BIG (usually over) eater.  I was happy.  Others complain about price.  Go to AJ's and get great pasta (not Barilla!), great San Marzan Tomatoes (not Hunts!) fresh basil and seafood so fresh its still wiggling and you'll see why you don't get a trough of pasta for $13 bucks.  Better yet, make it yourself, so you'll actually slow down and enjoy the differences of taste and texture.  Either develop your palate, or stay at Olive Garden and don't review this wonderful restaurant.I'm an avid cook (kind Wifey would say chef, but never any formal schooling for moi) and I've really been getting into authentic, rustic, Italian cooking.  Simple, fresh, phenomenal, ingredients put together with love and care.The menu rotates so that he can serve only the freshest ingredients.BIANCO NAILS IT!  I need to say it again...BIANCO NAILS IT!!!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,6/21/2012,73,156,4,7,6>This place was very similar to Grimaldi's in Phoenix.They have a family restaurant environment with TV's everywhere. It is awesome I did not have to crane my neck to watch the Coyote's playoff game at all. The service was really good, attentive, the also have a party room with an absolutely MASSIVE TV in it, as well as a nice indoor and outdoor lounge. The outdoor lounge has nice plush furniture to sit on and relax, it would be a fantastic place to take a date!Their wine list is nice, I was sad they didn't have a moscato on it however the Reisling was really good so I couldn't complain. My husband and I always have the Pepperoni and Mushroom Pizza wherever we go. It was really good, Just the right amount of sauce and toppings and I have to save the left overs were really good cold. (Breakfast of champions right there)We also ordered Hot Wings and Teriyaki wings. Its a good thing I love my husband or I may have bit him for the Teriyaki wings, there were fantastic and I could have made a meal out of them by themselves.Certainly give this place a gander, I don't want them going anywhere soon, except for expanding locations!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,6/20/2012,215,277,3,12,12>This is the new mecca of Phoenix music. Charlie Levy who booked for the now legendary Nita's Hideaway and also the owner of Stateside Presents is the man behind it all! He is a music fan first and ... well ... that's just what he is ... a music fan not a natural businessman. The place is just beautiful (for now, soon to be broken with the wear and tear of rock and roll no doubt). The room is small ... stage big (for the size) ... no doubt this is going to be the best place in the city to see any band for a long time to come!Thank you Charlie!Music fans unite! This place MUST thrive!btw ... they have live music every single night of the week ... and they open at 4pm every day (the lounge will have musicians and DJs for your entertainment).
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,6/19/2012,245,277,6,10,5>Great little bar down town. They get oddly crazy busy just about every night of the week. I love living down town! Their kitchen stays open late, midnight I think, they have great beers and cocktails, its a scotch drinkers dream, I couldn't even count then number of single malts they had up there behind the bar. I dragged the boyfriend in a few months ago and he is in heaven!I love the down town feel for this whole in the wall-ish bar that has been around forever it seems. Might be fun to have a few drinks then wonder over to the San Carlos hotel and get spooked. haha :-)
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/18/2012,425,213,4,12,7>European-style malt beverages in Arizona!Whether you are a hops and malt enthusiast, or a discerning craft beer drinker, OWB  will be the type of local brewery that will have something for your palate.  Throw some colorful characters in to the cask, mixed with one or two patrons inebriated by beer, and you have a fun little Happy Hour.Upon my recent visit, I was greeted by John the Barkeep.  With dirt under his nails, left-overs in his whiskers, beer stains on his shirt, and a laugh so gravelly and jovial that you want to make a ringtone out of it - I felt immediately at home.Not to mention, the quotidian appearance of the small warehouse with its smattering of old couches and dartboards - and some well placed wooden stools at the bar - made me feel as though I had just walked into a neighbor's backyard pop up brewhouse.  Come here with the sole intention of drinking well crafted beers, and waffling on with the staff.  Don't let anything else sway your opinion.Back to the brews...I sampled 7 of their 8 beers on tap.  One of them was the Root Beer.  The "Cowboy Southwest Root Beer".  This particular Root Beer has an herbal extract, along with pure cane sugar.  The mesquite bean syrup gives it that old fashioned flavor, (and I delighted in it so)  All of this, lovingly delineated by Geoff Lowell, OWB's public relations guy.Other pours of note were the Honey Wheat made with local honey and unfiltered wheat (looks like a Hefeweizen, drinks like a Blue Moon) Our favorite!Nitro blonde ale 4.5% which was "clear, crisp, and dry, with low-to-medium bitterness and aroma. Semisweet from the special European malts used in the mashing process."The Dark knight porter was outstanding!!!  With its Chocolate and Coffee notes, Geoff recommended a Porter float with vanilla ice cream.Also memorable was the Belgian Ale, a seasonal beer that took me straight to Bruges on the first sip.OWB has seasonal ales that they offer throughout the year, including a Summer ale with local prickly pear fruit.  However, the boys wanted me to be clear that "we don't do fruity beers."Should you get hungry while quaffing your ale, there is a food truck outside that cooks up Fish and Chips, Burgers and Fries, and Philly Cheese steaks.  John even made mention that they will happily create some beer-infused victuals for you.OWB closes at 7 during the week, so it's always HH when you come into OWB.  Weekend hours are varied as they will stay open later if a crowd is there.  Generally that happens when they have a band.To conclude this intoxicating tale - if you have enjoyed one of their brews immensely and want to take it home, purchase a Growler with the beer of your choice.  For $15 you get 64 ounces of malted bliss, and can bring the empty Growler back for $7 refills.  What an amazing deal!John sent us on our way with our Growlers with these final words..."Put this in the trunk of your car and drive like you're moonshiners".
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,6/2/2009,736,547,12,13,13>I kept driving by and seeing a sign "Summer Special - Two meals, salad and wine for $40" I had heard decent reviews about this place so we decided to give it a try this week.I was impressed to hear you could choose ANY item on the menu for your salad and entrees; you weren't limited to a smaller selection. We ordered the following:LINGUINE FRUTTI DI MARE ~ Mussels, calamari, shrimps, with Fra Diavolo sauce ($19.95)MELANZANE PARMIGIANA*~ Layers of eggplant with mozzarella, tomato and parmesan ($14.95)2 Salads ($9)Bottle of Sangiovese 'Polesio' ($34)With tax and tip this meal would have been around $100, so walking out paying about half that made for a great dining experience. The food was very authentic, it tasted like you had just stepped in to an old Italian grannies kitchen. The bread was fresh and the ambiance romantic. I'm going with 4 stars, but honestly if we had paid full price, it would probably only be 3.. (Oh and they really should spruce up the bathrooms, they were gross).
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,6/1/2009,4473,1489,10,23,21>How can I not give Marcellino five stars?The food was fantastic - as was the experience.  We'd been hearing about Marcellino Ristorante for awhile but it wasn't until we were looking for a place to celebrate Mother's Day that we thought to check it out.From the moment I called to make a reservation, we received the friendliest service ever!  I was told that they could take our group at 6:45 and that they'd have a live Opera Singer (specifically a Tenor) in house that night performing - what a treat!  Well - that's what I figured when they told me that.  (None of us were opera fans before and we still are not opera fans, but it did add to the experience!)We were seated right away and Scott was our server.  He was attentive and patient with us, even when Jared had him repeat the specials several times.  Their homemade pasta specials looked incredible, but I stayed away... Instead, I enjoyed the Insalata Ortolana, a few bites of the Canestina Polenta (if you like polenta and you like mushrooms, get this - it's incredible), and I shared the Gamberi Affogtai entree with my mother-in-law-to-be.  We requested extra veggies instead of mashed potatoes and not only did they oblige, but the broccoli, cabbage, and asparagus we received were delicious!  The shrimp were magnificent as well - juicy and tender!  Oh - I have to also admit to having some of the 'special sauce' they serve with the bread basket... it is tangy and wonderful - if you go, you must try that too.  It's made with eggplant, olive oil, and red pepper I believe... yum!Jared and his sister had a Caprese Salad (a bit overpriced at $12.95), the Paccatelli al Ragu (a bolognese pasta dish I believe), the Scaloppine al Gorganzola (a veal dish that he enjoyed but serving size was not as big as he'd wished for).  We finished off the meal with an Apple Galetta served with hazelnut gelato and a Panna Cotta (similar to flan).  While I had just a small taste of the apple one, I can report that it was delicious... and since Jared and his mom finished off the panna cotta, i'll assume it was not so bad either.All of the above plus a pellegrino, a coffee, and a cappuccino for $159.85 before tip.  Note - no alcohol.So, yes, we wish it was more affordable - but we'll be back without a doubt!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,5/31/2009,752,378,9,9,9>Wildflower you fickled little minx.  Well you certainly have made some great little dishes lately and not  too  shabby on service.  Thanks for the delish salad, cute little potato soup in a bread bowl and your meatball sandwiches look back to the old days.. Well looks like you are back in the family rotation  welcome back we have missed you.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,5/30/2009,177,185,16,18,16>I'll start by yelling, MORE PASTA PLEASE!... and that's a good thing because the dish I had was insanely delicious. I ordered the Chitarra alla Carbonara with Guanciale. Man-o- man was it good. Thanks to Kevin H for my new found addiction; Guanciale! You Rule!  Now back to the review...If I were rating my entire experience on the pasta alone, you would see 5 stars. However, in order to get there I feel a few tweaks are needed to land on perfection. First, the local greens salad I had was way overly salted and a bit meager in my opinion. A little less on the salt and throw in a few shavings of Parmigiano and you got a winner. Second, I feel the pricing structure is little steep for the lunch crowd and may be the reason why my co-worker and I were the only ones in the place during the 11am lunch hour on a Tuesday. Consider a price adjustment to attract the lunch crowd and you're sure to draw them in.  My bill with tip was $24.66 for the salad, tea, and pasta. Lastly, and I second Alexander's plea. Where's the freaking bread!  I could not believe I had to give up my bowl with a pool of deliciousness still left at the bottom. The drippings alone could feed a family of three. It was criminal. I mentioned my disappointment to our server who kindly said there were no plans to serve bread with pasta dishes, the cracker sticks is all they were serving. Ditch the cracker sticks man and get with the program. I begged with him to make it happen and was a bit dramatic while conveying this request.  He must have got the message because 10 min later he came back to our table saying that the kitchen staff was working on a plan to serve bread with the pasta dishes. I promised a return visit to validate the change and I look forward to reporting back.  Wishin' and Hopin' and Thinkin' and Prayin' la,la, la, la~
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,5/29/2009,247,155,16,21,20>Four stars for now, this place will almost certainly earn more as I return.  This is now my go-to margarita (particularly for the entirely reasonable $7) and the ($2! TWO!!! DOLLARS!!!) tacos were excellent as well.  I tried one of each taco - they offer steak, pork, fish, and seasonal veggie.  I think I'll go heavy on the steak and fish upon future visits - the pork taco had carmelized pineapple on it and was just a little too sweet for my taste.  The veggie taco was great, but not really my style.  I was afforded a bite of the corn, which was lightly spiced and heavily sprinkled with some deliciously pungent powdery cheese.  I can't wait to get a cob of this for myself.  Very juicy, and flavorful.  I missed a taste of the other appetizer my table ordered - the fried cheese roll thing.  This is an almost airy roll of what must have been a cheese batter - I wonder what one would have to do to get a demonstration of how that thing was made - that looked fairly delicious, from my point of view.  The guac was quite tasty, although I don't know that I would call it the best I've ever experienced.  I enjoyed the salsas that were offered nearly as well.  The chips were a slightly thicker variety, with a great fresh crunch and good flavor of their own.  The service was a bit hectic - our waiter had some help that seemed to come at random times and I wasn't totally sure they were helping him out as much as confusing everyone.  Given that it's a new restaurant, apparently a waiter was out for some reason, and the fact that nothing actually offensive or problematic occurred, I won't dock stars, but I expect this aspect to improve on my next visit.  Perhaps we won't invite 8 people who each expect separate checks next time and it won't be a problem (but what fun would that be?).  The ambiance - I liked the design of the place, although it would be nice if they had a slightly larger TV above the bar, and the layout is a little.... interesting, with the bar area right near the lobby and all.  The main seating area looked like a more compelling place to enjoy a leisurely meal, with large windows, some bench seating along the wall, and a better division of space.  All told, I really enjoyed my experience here, both food-wise and every entertaining second of the conversation.  I'm excited to return again and again (the corn, dessert, a torta, the cheese appetizer, perhaps breakfast?) I can hardly wait, in fact.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2009,5/28/2009,208,450,11,13,11>My husband and I ventured up to BLT Steak at Camelback Inn on Friday evening to celebrate our third wedding anniversary, which was two days earlier. We sat inside and our corner table gave us a perfect view of Camelback Mountain at night. Our waiter was super nice and did a great job of suggesting items and answering questions when we had them. There was a seperate server who kept our water glasses full all night - we couldn't take more than two sips without having them refilled it seemed like. My only negative about our waiter was that when it was time for a new glass of wine for me, he didn't check with me first to see if I wanted another glass of the same wine. I think we all know the common saying about assuming things...On to the food...here's what we sampled:Popovers - delicious. I was a bit skeptical about the butter and sea salt, especially since I don't like butter very much, but it was great! Caesar salad - good size and it was one of the best caesar salads I have had in awhile. Crabcake - my least favorite part of the meal. While it wasn't horrible, there was a bit too much celery for my taste and not enough crab meat.Cowboy Ribeye - since it was 22 oz, I graciously told my husband that I would have some of it so he could order it. Now those that know me know that I don't eat red meat because I don't like the taste. But I sucked it up and had some...holy crap, I had a few bites and said, "Wow, this is really good". So that should say something about how good it was. However, my husband did think the outside was a tad too well done, although the meat itself was cooked perfectly. While he liked the ribeye, he did think his steak at SW Steakhouse in Las Vegas was better.Mashed potatoes - is it possible to get divorced over mashed potatoes? I thought we were going to throw it down because one side of the potatoes was just not enough!! They were sooo creamy and delicious. Chocolate peanut butter mousse - we got our dessert for free since when I made the reservation I indicated we were celebrating our anniversary. The dessert was a nice way to end the meal, although the chocolate on top was just a touch too rich for my taste.With tip, our bill came to $162 which we did not think was bad at all for as much as we ordered. Unfortunately we didn't get to sit on the patio or enjoy the view at sunset, but I guess that means we'll have to go back which isn't a bad thing at all!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,5/27/2009,59,144,11,14,13>As the 40th review I'm not sure what can be said that hasn't except:* Fesh eggs are the BEST and are a little easier to get at the market now that there are a few more producers.  Plen to get them before 10 am* As of today, May 2, there are more produce vendors than I've ever seen and some prices reflect that.  I smeeled the carrot at one booth and had to buy some when I found that a gigantic bunch was only $2.00* The lady selling the crocheted doo-dads gives away dog treats - stop by if you have your pup.* The dog bed from the dog bed guy are a hit with the canine set, and he does custom fabrics and sizes* The Mexican style shrimp cocktails are really, really good.  I get some most every week.  MmmmmI love the feel and the vibe at the market.  A real community spirit pervades the crowd.  Phoenix doesn't get better than this.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,5/26/2009,57,75,6,14,15>Posh is one of the coolest restaurants I have experienced.  The menu consists of all the protein they have available that day and you get to mark off what you do not like.  The number of courses depends on how much you would like to spend.  This place is so fun because you really have no idea what you are going to get.  I had the most amazing scallop app and short rib entree. I would highly recommend this place.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,5/25/2009,218,116,5,14,10>So, I had been here before, for all of about 10 minutes and wasn't able to sample any food or beverage. On Thursday last week I was able to get the full experience. I was taken here on a date. That's right, someone took ME here. That was a nice change of pace. We got there around 8 on a Thursday night and the place wasn't too busy. we sat inside right next to the roll up doors. The place used to be a firehouse. So there was perfect weather. We started the meal with drinks. She ordered a bottle of Sauv White. I finally got to try an Argentinian Malbec, full bodied(well that is what the waiter told me). The malbec was very good. I tried some of the Sauv, it was very tasty also. I usually don't like whites, but it wasn't too dry. We shared a small bowl of marinated olives. Kalamata and Green olives, very good. I ate most of it. For the main course I had the Salami & Manchego panini with pesto. OMG!!! This thing was awesome! Very toasty and buttery. I had half of it with a salad. The salad was simple greens with flaky tuna. Now, this could have been canned tuna and anyone who knows me, knows I hate this with every ounce of my being. With that being said, the salad was excellent. The tuna was marinated in vinegar and capers and took away a lot of the nastiness. It had a simple balsamic vinaigrette on it. I was very impressed with the food and ate every bit on my plate. For dessert we split a flourless chocolate souffle. It had a very large, ripe strawberry on top and a huge dollop of fresh whip cream. If you like chocolate, get this and you won't be disappointed. We finished up the food and headed to the patio. The patio is cozy with several fire pits and lots of seating. This would be a great patio for a day drink or to unwind at night. I have always wanted to try mate,pronounced Maw-tay (thanks Z), a traditional South American tea. It was very good, but on first taste reminded me of a cigar. Ask them for honey and put it in. Very good. They bring out a thermos type thing of hot water so you can just keep refilling. I highly recommend it. This is a little gem in the heart of Sunnyslope. Great patio, very warm interior, great service, and great food. The food menu is small, but I bet everything is done to perfection. Large, interesting wine list for the wine aficionados out there.  I love when little local places blow me away.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,5/23/2009,171,163,16,19,17>Best... Steak... EVER!!That's it. Those three simple words sum up my experience this evening. Oh, you want more?! Okay!!Upon entering the brand spankin' new Lone Butte Casino on my rez.. the Gila River Indian Community, one can find new slot machines, a lounge with waterfalls that can make someone drunk just from staring at it, fresh clean(ish) air... and my favorite amenity... the Verona Steakhouse!!Entering the nice clean and dare I say it... swanky Chophouse Steakhouse... is both casual and fine dining. Grandma's in their Blue Light special tunics and oxygen tanks sit enjoying enormous Cesar salads that was made table side (!) by well trained servers. I looooove the decor! I small found small touches that reminded me of home, the tortoise shell ceiling that melded traditional Pima basket designs with Italian decals, interesting. There's a nice mural and huge windows that with Cafe 24/7 encircle a very beautiful fountain. (I'm assuming this is to recreate a whirlwind design, which is a well known symbol to my tribe, "all crazy times are a whirlwind" - Pima proverb) If you're dining indoors, especially in the day time its very nice to have these huge windows, I kinda wished we were sitting by one of them! Our server Jessica presented us with some bread and made a dipping sauce made with Bellagio olive oil, balsamic vinegar, freshly grated parm and cracked pepper. Lovely. I couldn't get enough!I ordered the 12oz Rib eye with Squash w/pancetta for $25. I was very specific with my steak. I ordered it pan-roasted to medium and finished with butter, served with a side of blue cheese. And I got it medium and grilled on the salamander. I was disappointed when it first hit the table, and then I took a bit... oh em.. gee!!! Never, EVER - have I had a steak THIS good!! Tender, perfectly chard, flavorful, beautifully seasoned and well rested. The sign of any great steakhouse is in how well they rest their steaks before serving. I couldn't believe it was so amazing... but I can't help but to wonder how it would have been if I got it the way I wanted it! I also can't help but to wonder if the chefs in the back knew better than me! I did tell the server that the order was wrong... but that I was happy and didn't need to have it fixed or replaced. She was relieved and waited on us hand and foot afterward. My mom got the Special. An 8oz Filet Mingon with asparagus, roasted potatoes and eggplant ragu for $27! She ordered it well done! (ARGH! I know I know... ugh, some ppl! :P) But it was very good... even if they ruined it to her specifications! We ate to our hearts content and walked away very happy with our meal. I ran into my biological mom (long story) and her husband celebrating their wedding anniversary, I told the waiter and he hooked them up with a free dessert! How awesome is that?! The manager walked the front of the house asking everyone (including us) how our meals were going. They pay attention to the small details, which is something I notice and appreciate. I may not be able to afford it ALL the time... but I will DEFINATLY be back with MANY more in tow!! I wish they were open 24 hours like the other restaurant at the Casino, but alas - they have lunch and dinner service only. To my yelpers, I say... GO, GO NOW!! What are you waiting for?! I don't care if you're not in the area... GO! Its not THAT expensive... quit crying! :P Go and enjoy yourself!! Try some wine and give the Cesar salad that's prepared table side! And don't forget the cannoli! I hear it's yummy! And be sure to play a few slots on your way out! ;)
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,2/5/2013,420,461,13,13,10>To set the record straight for all the pervs out there who thought I was checking in at a strip club tonight (it's Wednesday night for God's sake and I have to work in the morning!!!!), Beaver Choice is a tiny, VERY unassuming Scandinavian/ Canadian restaurant in a strip mall in Tempe.Check out all of the awesome reviews to get an idea of how great this place is and then get in here. They serve a nice selection of Scandinavian fish, meat and pork dishes.I started out with Quebec-style poutine which was delicious (the Canadians weren't pulling my leg on this). The only thing that was missing was beer (they are BYO FYI, so I'll bring beer next time). I'm telling you folks, our evil socialist neighbors to the north know how to whip out some great comfort food!!!!!For my main I enjoyed some hearty Swedish meatballs bathed in a hearty cream sauce and accompanied with tomato basil, spinach salad and sauteed green beans. You get a LOT of food because your main comes with a side(choice of potato) and three types of salad. The salads are small but throw in three choices, your side and your main and you wind up with a lot of food.They have a nice selection of tasty looking pastries as well but you will be so full you'll want to get your dessert to go.The family that run the place are so warm, hospitable, kind and welcoming and I'm thrilled that they're moving to a bigger location. This is a hidden gem in the valley and really and great option when you're sick of all the usual choices to eat.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,2/4/2013,643,475,16,26,20>You can take the boy out of Chicago but you can't take the Chicago out of the boy. Being from Chicago, I've been meaning to try this place for ages.I mean what a cool name, Chizona, pretty easy to figure it out, some McHenry, Illinois guys running a CHIcago place in ariZONA.I was jonsing for their pizza since it smelled so good but after having pizza two days in a row, I opted for the Gyro and fries. The gyro came with onions, tomatoes and tzatziki sauce plus cut fries with the skins on them. I love the fries, they give you a very generous amount. The gyro was great as well, My wife loved their Italian Beef and said it was better than Al's Beef (sorry Al). My only complaint is there isn't a self serve soda machine, just cans of soda for a dollar. I'm definitely coming back for some pizza because it sure smells good.I've just finished my own personal challenge of writing 100 reviews in 2012.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2012,2/3/2013,510,143,3,9,6>Yay! Rejoice! There is finally a foodie spot in south Scottsdale less than a mile away from me that brings some hipster cred to the corner of Hayden and Thomas Roads. The Pig & Pickle just opened, serving up a pork-heavy dinner menu paired with a variety of beers and handcrafted cocktails. While the interior gives off a sports bar vibe with an open kitchen, the menu features local ingredients in comfort food style dishes that give the place a warm, welcoming feel.I had a really great vegan burger ($8), made with beans, grains and seeds. It was tasty and filling, and I really enjoyed the seasoned fries that came with it.My friend got the creamy broccoli and and brown ale with cheddar soup ($7), which he said was great, as well as a pot roast sammie ($10), with carmelized onions, havarti and chile aioli. It looked like a hearty sandwich, and he said it really tasted fresh.I'd go back to the Pig & Pickle to try their mac n' cheese -- and I'm also curious how their appetizer of pickles would stand out. The spot is also cool because it serves food until 1 a.m., which is great for Old Town Scottsdale nightclubbers who want a foodie fix.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,2/2/2013,75,306,4,8,5>Dear lord! So our company had its Christmas luncheon here last Friday, So glad I got to have this pizza again! The restaurant itself is small and narrow but very cute and was able to accommodate our group of 12. For a starter I got the meatballs, and had offered to share them with the people sitting around me. I wish I hadn't, they were Soho tasty! For a pizza I ordered the Gem and had them add some green olives to it. AMAZING! MY bosses wife ordered the Kensington and offered to let me try it. I normally don't like white pizza, but it looked interesting with the arugula piled high on it. But ones I bit into it I had a food gasam in my mouth! Under the arugula was FIGS!!! Seriously people, who puts figs on a pizza???? Lamp does, and thank god they do because I haven't been able to stop thinking about it since I took the last bite! I will FOR SURE be making the 40+ drive up to this place from my house and dragging my husband along as he HAS to try this pizza!!! Just amazing!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/1/2013,378,308,5,9,10>I really love this part of Scottsdale.  You have a vast choice of amazing restaurants.  We decided to try Citizen Public House.  The atmosphere is an energetic one.  I can't really remember the last time I went to a restaurant at 5:30 in evening and seen such a lively place.Now for the food.  We started with the bacon popcorn.  I was only ok, but it was also only about $2 or so.  We decided to have the pork belly pastrami and the butternut squash soup.  The soup was ok, but I wouldn't order it again.  The pork belly was amazing.  I can't wait to go back and have it again. We shared the short rib.  It was a pretty healthy portion.  My husband and I were able to share one.  The bbq sauce was a tad bit on the bitter side.  I think I will try the scallops next time.The cocktails were amazing.  I'm really into cucumber right now, so the Persian was to die for.Service was great!  Our food came out quickly.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,1/31/2013,732,344,7,10,10>i went here for a friend's birthday brunch! it was located behind the denny's and in the same center as peter piper pizza. google maps takes you across the street just FYI :) everyone loved the monte carlo sandwich. it was a hit! our server was super friendly. they had a huge assortment of GF options and also listed other potential allergens in their food on the menu (egg, soy, etc) in addition to their menu, they had a bakery to take home some goodies as well as pre packed mixes to make the bread and I assume other GF baked goods yourself. they also sell their GF flour.apparently, if you have a gluten allergy...according my friend this is the best and most delicious option she's been able to find!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,1/30/2013,202,823,7,8,7>Had shrimp was really good and burnt but good Burnt like french food :) empanadas were good as well as the mussels. The waiter also gave us a sample potatoes which were different I hear their corn bread is good. I used a groupon so be on the look out for deals like that. Shout out to  Kevin and chewy thank you so much for jumping my dead car battery will be back :) Outdoor seating is nice as well since they have heaters ;) The place is small and intimate
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,1/29/2013,156,158,10,17,16>Oh Hula'sThe first time we came in a noticed the spicy shrimp caesar.  I thought mango in a caesar was a pretty odd choice.  I tried it thinking that the two really didn't go together but was pleasantly surprised!  The next trip I ordered the Jerk Pork.  Holy pig.  Seriously, this pork was melt in your mouth tender.  Chewing was hardly necessary.  The flavor was really really good.  All of the sides were delicious, the fried plantains were just right and the Jamaican johnny cakes were passed around our table for everyone to try.Out of all the guests we have taken with us no one has ever left disappointed.  We have yet to run into anything mediocre and always look forward to our next trip.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/28/2013,366,184,6,13,9>This is a very cute bar, love the decor. Service was good and prices reasonable. The food was good and they had good drink specials. Lots of different mind erasers which are a blast! Good place to watch football as well. They have a DJ that plays music during commercial breaks which keeps the vibe fun and light. I hope this places lasts! That location is know as a death wish. Fingers crossed!!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/27/2013,285,121,15,14,10>A few general truths I should make everyone aware of before I write my GLOWING review of this establishment:1) I regularly wear clothes2) I regularly drink red wine (almost as regularly as I wear clothes)3) Clothes + red wine + effects of said red wine = This is why I can't have nice things.However, Park Avenue is actually in the process of allowing me to defy human logic and somehow cross item #3 off of the list of "General Truths about Georgeann's Life" because I swear to god they can clean ANYTHING out of ANYTHING.  And for $2.25!  Just be warned, for some of the tougher stains (which I have many) you will get it back with one of those little signs that says they couldn't get the stain out without damaging the fabric. A lot of my garments come back with this tag, but like I said, I can't have nice things. However, most of the time I see the tag but for the life of me can't find the stain so I don't really care. However, if the piece was expensive or important to me, or if the stain is really noticeable and I am really sad about it, you can always ask them to give it special care and they will blow your mind.Two examples: I had a brand new Kensie dress that I absolutely LOVED and brought to Vegas with me almost immediately after buying. Like most of us on our way to vegas, it got completely smashed and was a wrinkled mess when I pulled it out of my suitcase. Like an idiot, I tried to steam iron this rayon dress, despite the facts that rayon does not take well to moisture and I do not know how to iron. What resulted was water stains all over this brand spanking new dress, and me having to improvise an entire Vegas ensemble.  When I brought it in to Park Ave I asked them to please try and remove the stains WITHOUT removing the tags, thinking I might be able to get away with returning it if they really couldn't get the stains out. They got every one of them out, and I'm presuming by hand because I'm pretty sure putting it through the dry clean process would have melted the tags right off. I was SO impressed and asked what I owed for the stain removal. Clearly it could not be the same $2.25 I pay for washable blouses just because they come out all nice and pressed and I don't know how to iron. But it was! I insisted I should pay more, and they insisted that I shouldn't. Most recently I, ingeniously, decided to wear a white maxi skirt on the fourth of July. You know, that day where everyone gets extremely inebriated in the name of Personal Freedom? Also, that day it was forecasted to rain the whole time? Yes, mud plus a white, floor-length skirt sounded like a good idea to me (this is why I can't have nice things). Of course, like most us on the Fourth of July, the bottom got absolutely trashed and I was not surprised to see the dreaded "Sorry We Tried :(" tag hanging when I went to pick it up. I took the plastic off right in the dry cleaners to somberly assess the damage and the girl behind the counter asked if I wanted to send it through again and see what they can do. Why, yes! Thank you for asking! On the second try the skirt came back completely pristine! Again at no extra charge. I am honestly hesitating on posting this review right now because I don't want this place to get too crowded, but they deserve every piece of business they get. GIVE THEM ALL THE STARS!!!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,3/26/2014,325,381,12,20,15>This place is rad. It's a themed pizza joint based on nerd, geek, and video game culture. They just opened, and they're still a work in progress with the decorations, and I think they are still even perfecting their menu, but it's already shaping up to be cool as hell here. I can picture as time goes on, this place will just get more eclectic and interesting.The focus of the theme is old Nintendo video games from the 80s and 90s, and geek culture from comic books and cartoons to action figures and quirky toys. There's definitely a Mario Bros inspired theme here. The menu has some cool item names that are clever call-backs to video game terminology. It's the sort of place you might expect to find in Austin or Portland (you know - where cool people live)... or even in Tempe. I was surprised most of all to find it in West Phoenix in an older strip mall - not really near any other cool or hip things. It's almost out of place where it sits, but that's perfect since it stands out. We need more stuff like this all over the Valley. The West side some cool and unique restaurants, but they are few and far between. It's good to see stuff like this pop up.I have a feeling that this place will keep evolving into something even more quirky and cool if the owners keep tinkering and turning all of their ideas into reality. Chatting with them, I can tell they are passionate about this stuff.In spite of being relative newcomers to the pizza biz, they make an excellent pie. I had a Boss Battle, which is half pizza and half cheese garlic bread. It's perfect. Their dough is thick and fluffy and tastes good. Their sauce is very flavorful and different. It doesn't come out of a can, and they are still tweaking it, but it's delicious. They don't skimp on the cheese or the sauce or toppings either, and the pepperonis are spicy and tasty as well. I'm not gonna say it is the best pizza I've had in my life, but it was seriously good. I'll go out of my way (and believe me, it's out of my way) to eat here again. Plus, you get a ton of food for not much money.It's really important to our local economy and community to have great little local gems like this pop up and thrive. If you live anywhere near here, you need to order up some delivery or stop by for some take out or hang out and eat with friends and tell the owners you're pickin up what they're puttin down and that you appreciate their existence. I wish we had more places like this on the East side. Metro Phoenix is so full of stuffy old conservatives that art and culture have to force their way in to our lives like blades of grass poking out through cracks in the pavement. Most people in Phoenix just play it safe with traditional names and themes when they open a restaurant (or other business). It's boring. Places like Super Pizza Bros need to be celebrated. Seriously. Insert coin.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,3/25/2014,643,475,18,22,23>Jimmy's is a long way from home for me. Even my GPS refused to find this place for me. But a quick phone call helped straighten out the directions. This place is owned by a nice couple that used to live in Chicagoland. There was about a 20 minute wait on a busy Saturday night; not a big deal for me.Thanks to Robyn N. for telling me about this place. I was jonesing for some Chicken Vesusvio. I guess Chicken Vesusvio is a Chicago creation dating back to the Depression. So I was excited to actually have one of my favorites since I haven't been to Chicago in a few months.I thought the pricing was fair and the dish itself was good (3 1/2 stars) but not the greatest. I would  probably try some other dishes before I ordered it again. For example, their Pizza looked awfully good as all the families seemed to have ordered pizza. I thought the service was excellent as well.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/24/2014,512,210,10,15,14>Yummy, Yummy to my dear old tummy. This spot has been a favorite of mine for many years. Having a dairy allergy I don't get to many options when it comes to a nice cool sweet favorable treat but at Gelato Spot there are plenty of options for me to choose from. All the fruit flavors are dairy free. My last experience I had was a sugar free/dairy free Raspberry that surprisingly tasted just as well as the regular Raspberry flavor. Trust me if you sample both of them side by side you can't tell the difference. My sweet tooth did not even know the difference.However, I'm a big kid at heart when I dive in to this joint. I love the killer cones. Yes, freshly made waffle cones. No, I'm not talking about the little waffle wafer they dazzle your scoop in. I'm talking about the creative waffle cups that are mini beds to hold your scoops. Those wafers are sooooo good. Another added piece of yum yum...The small spot has cozy seating with free wifi. Patio seating for all those who like fresh air. Got a party coming up try one of there beautiful cakes. Creative styles that fit the flavorful tasting deserts.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,3/23/2014,253,210,27,31,26>Like other Yelpers, I found out about this hole-in-the-wall via another Yelper.  I have had it bookmarked for a while!  I haven't gone before today because they only accepted cash!  You guessed it, they accept plastic now.  Whoop.  Awesome.  I tried the beef tongue, carne asada and chicken tacos.  I thought the tacos were amazing.  I am definitely a food venturing American and I am ashamed to admit that I just love the insides of tacos, but I usually leave the shells.  Either I was super hungry today, or those shells were amazing because, I ate all 3 shells too.  While the tacos were great, the salsas and pickled veggies were amazing to me.  They have a salsa bar stocked with whole roasted jalapeños, pickled veggies, and regular, chipotle and green salsa.  The salsa was so yummy that I am pretty sure I ate enough of the regular salsa to have been charged for a bowl of salsa soup.  Just fantastic to me.One nice thing, this retaurant has expanded and can accommodate small groups for lunch or dinner.  The parking lot is small.  I saw strange things happening at the businesses mext door and I saw some kids walk in large bowls of what looked like was food for someone, I just hoped it wasnt for serving in the restaurant.  Alas....My return factor for this place is 100% and it could very well be tomorrow!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/22/2014,148,188,12,16,14>Ok...so I know I have said this before, but this is legit.  These are the best tacos in the valley...perhaps anywhere! It wouldn't have even happened had Fajardo's Cafe been open! We had driven out to Glendale and it was closed, so I jumped on Yelp and this place came up!  It's a very small place and if I hadn't read Floyd C's review, I probably wouldn't have found it! (Thanks, Floyd!!!)  It is on the north east corner of 59th Ave and Camelback.  However, it is facing 59th avenue...yeah.  we drove around a few times...then read the review! Oh....gotta love random adventures leading to a diamond in the rough!You go up to the counter, order...and they hand you a little plate to fill with all of the fixings they have at the salsa bar...which to be honest...they're all AMAZING!!!!  Plus, they have cucumbers, lettuce, onion/cilantro mix, carrots and limes! LIMES!! Remember...I have a lime fetish.  ***the ONLY complaint I have...and it is not even that big of a deal and I won't be taking any stars away is that they don't have cilantro alone...I hate raw onions. Like to the point of having a close to "ick" reaction! *** Anywhoooo...I ordered 2 carne asada tacos and a lengua taco with a side of beans.The lengua (tongue...yes tongue) is absolutely flavorful and SOOOOOOOOO tender!  The carne asada is probably the most flavorful I have ever had here in the valley!  The beans are amazing and super yummy...it seems to me that they have chorizo and cheese in them.  The service is quick and not so personable, but not rude at all! They are busy and are pretty much just making sure to get everyone their orders!  We will be back! Every Tuesday! ;-)Wanna know how much we enjoyed our meal?  We each ordered a carne asada burrito to go...for lunch tomorrow!  We never do that!  So who is up for Taco Wednesday? Thursday? Any day that ends in "Y"??
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,3/21/2014,248,354,9,16,14>Nice restaurant with good food. I had the Jaeger Schnitzel which came with potatoes and a cabbage and sour cream type side that was my favorite part. The Schnitzel was tender and the sauce on it was very flavorful. The potatoes were ok, nothing fantastic but good. We were a large group so I understand slower service so that isn't my complaint, my reason for not 5 stars is the waiter gave us a hard time about ordering any drinks while we waited for a few more people. The first table designated to us was full and he said he didn't want to take drink orders till everyone was there. He ended up doing it but wasn't to happy about it. That is fine but not great customer service. I have only been to one other German restaurant and I liked their food just slightly better but this was very good and I would return with a smaller party!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/20/2014,191,100,10,16,17>I drove by this place a few times when it was still a "coming soon"... and I'm glad I finally stopped in!  Refuge's exposed brick walls and finished concrete floors provide a cool modern look in a chill, comfortable, and relaxing environment.The barristas/staff all seem friendly and knowledgeable and it's actually a fairly bustling place for having been open a relatively short period of time.For food, I have only tried the prosciutto bruschetta... and for $3 it was good, but small (two pieces), but it definitely hit the spot!Cupcakes are the standard make-at-home size, but only $2.  I will be sure to try them.  Today's special cupcake was a gingerbread cupcake with crushed ginger and raisins... and it was a larger size, but still only $2!Wifi + espresso + cheap eats = me coming back again and again!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/19/2014,580,212,8,15,15>Oh my gosh, best Filipino Food in Arizona I've had so far! I've tried a number of Filipino restaurants from Mesa to Glendale and Manila Sunrise was hands down THE BEST. No offense Arizona but this is the first Filipino restaurant that was as good as California. First of all the service was amazing! I felt like the staff was my Tita's (auntie) house and she was taking care of us like we were her relatives. I didn't catch her name but she was so cute in her chef's hat and she was super sassy, I love it. The food, oh my god, the food was amazing. I have been craving Filipino food for a while now, so I decided to go all out for this particular lunch. I ordered us the crispy pata, which is a traditional dish that is basically the best ever invented. If you like lechon, which is the roasted pig, this is the way to go. It was cooked to perfection with the crispiest skin and most tender meat. This was the husband first time eating crispy pata and it had him (and me) tearing it apart for every last bit of meat. Since that took about 20 minutes to cook (so worth it) we decided to share a combo plate while we waited. We got the fish sinigang and kare kare- I must say both were extremely delicious, but I'd say the kare kare stood out over the sinigang. Sinigang is a tamarind based soup, so it's sour (in the best way) and kare kare is a special stew with a peanut based sauce that is to die for with some rice and bagaon (shrimp paste). Randomly, I ran into my brother and some of his friends here, so I expect to see some familiar Filipino faces everytime I come back. I can't wait! I love Manila Sunrise! Makes me feel like I'm home.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/18/2014,194,205,6,10,11>Holy Cow.  This place is incredible.  My fiance and I came here last night on a double date with another Yelp Elite and her husband.  All of us loved it.Our drinks were delicious.  The Manager even came by with samples of their Apple Pie Moonshine, which is very tasty.The food was crazy good.  We had a bacon board as an appetizer.  That was like a dream come true.  We all had BBQ for dinner, and all of it was amazing.I'm excited to return soon to try their Happy Hour.YUM.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/17/2014,732,344,7,14,13>loved dr. sam and staff. they were awesome! as dr. sam was doing the check up on my poodle, he allowed me to follow along and gave me the chance to see/hear everything he was checking. it was really informative! this is probably one of the best pet visits i've had. they were so sweet to my dog and literally took me as a walk in. my bill wasn't astronomical either which was such a relief because i was able to get a check up along with some meds for my dog. i will definitely be using them as my new vet!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,7/18/2012,122,147,2,11,7>Downtown rooftop bar with one hell of a view from CityScape!  The temperature dropped enough to really enjoy sitting out and having drinks under the stars.  They do focus on specialty cocktails and you can kick it next to the rooftop pool as well.Definitely a place to be seen.  The Kimpton has hit the spot with this location.  A must for anyone hitting up downtown.Dive in with a Absinthe Fizz, You Call It, or a Swizzle.Can't wait to go back.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,7/17/2012,848,353,5,11,7>I really have to gush about this place!I had a business meeting, and we were supposed to meet at the Merc. Their signage was completely wrong and they never opened when they said they were going to. So, we walked around the corner and saw Fuego Tacos.I've been to the Bistro once, so I knew it was a safe place to go. It was just after 5 and the place was about half-full downstairs. I noticed the upstairs was empty. I asked if we could sit up there and we were given our choice of tables.Our server was amazing! He immediately brought us chips and salsa and took our drink orders. He brought me two drinks! I'm ok with that, because usually I'm used to having servers who don't keep up with my drinks. (Diet Coke, FYI)The chips were freshly made, and the salsa was good. We ordered a plate of nachos to share with pork on top. It's one of the best plates of nachos I've had in a very long time. We all devoured them.As I was getting up to leave, our server brought me a Diet Coke in a to-go cup. I didn't even ask for it but wow! I'm going back, most definitely. The prices were reasonable and there was a good crowd in there. Oh, and they were playing 80s music. That pretty much gives the place 500 cool points.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,7/16/2012,752,378,9,11,6>As I have matured like a fine wine , I have developed a few foot issues.My feet take some major wear and tear from hiking, gardening , being on my feet all day long plus the Arizona Lifestyle gives them a beating as well .These foot "issues" require a certain type of nail diagnostician to transform my "dogs" to fine beasts  of  beauty.   it is my sincere belief that DeAnna is that godess of  regeneration. She repaired my um , nail thingy,  filed all the ick ,  even without a sander ,which surprised me , no power tools were needed. She soaked and waxed and lathered my soles till they were as soft as baby's behind.  Feel free to check them out.Downtown Scottsdale Nails is perfect place to bring your nails . You won't be dissapointed by DeAnna and Downtown Nails and Hair . It's friendly and nicely decorated . Makes you feel  all special and shiny inside.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/15/2012,235,386,13,12,8>So... I think Pomegranate and I might have more than a spring fling. I don't want to jinx it, but this could be really serious. I introduced Pomegranate to my mom, my best friends, and even my current boyfriend, but everyone agrees, they can see me spending the rest of my life with Pomegranate. Here's my recount of our classic love story, one dish at a time.I knew I'd fallen after tasting the Strawberry Rhubarb French Toast (griddle-dipped banana bread, drizzled in rhubarb sauce, strawberries, and topped with cream) Then, the Tiramisu (coconut-based espresso, cream, and date-nut crust layers) sent me head over heels. The Breakfast Burrito left me satisfied, but didn't create that same spark that the flavorful Ranchero Skillet once did. Luckily, the hemp milk latte and famous cowgirl cookie quickly helped me remember why I committed to Pomegranate in the first place.Our relationship moved to a new level - raw - a few months ago. The rainbow wrap was ridiculously huge and filling (much more so than the basic, but tasty, Mediterranean wrap). It was almost more than I could handle. I tossed the bland Indian sweet potato hummus it came with and focused on what really mattered... finishing the wrap. I cared too much not to. After stuffing myself into oblivion, Pomegranate surprised me with a coffee-choco-nana & coconut milk ice cream shake afterward... topped with crushed chocolate-almond pillows. Within seconds of my first spoonful, the fire was back, and burning hotter than ever.Shortly afterwards, I fell into a confused rut, messing around with vegan meats and cheeses of all varieties. The southwestern mac 'n' cheese, much like the Philly cheese steak, tantalized me with its decadence, but left me feeling sick and low afterwards. Even the delicious, nutritious teriyaki chicken bowl, brimming with sprouts, veggies and quinoa, was only posing as Mr. Right. Tainted by the presence of faux-chicken, I shied away after only two rendezvouses. Not even dessert could lure me back, for both the chocolate cake (dry) and almond butter square (boring) were a disappointment.It was all my fault. What was I thinking? A few weeks later, I rushed back, determined to mend the gaping hole in my heart. I downed the mushroom bisque and half a pesto presto sandwich (Kamut baguette, fresh avocado, pesto, fresh veggies) in under five minutes. Oh, how I missed the fresh ingredients, the whole foods, the homemade flavor in every bite. Still, I needed some sugar after being away. Lucky for me, the Cannoli (brûlée'd sugar shell, cashew cream filling, dark chocolate chips, and berry sauce), not only provided that, but was better than any Cannoli I'd ever had. And I've had a fair share of Cannolis in my day. What more can a girl ask for? Pomegranate, I do.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,7/14/2012,699,631,5,11,7>Found a new lunch spot oh yea! Went with some coworkers on a Friday at high noon, guess what yall the place was packed, but we waited about 5 mins and then got seated. Right when you walk in you can see on the counter what the lunch specials are, and I knew before I was seated what I wanted! I ordered the Sakana lunch special which was delish! It had rolls, jalapeno stuff crab popper things, tuna, salmon and other fish, came with soup & salad and was 10 bucks!! TEN BUCKS YALL!!! OMG it was delish! I know normally I would not be able to get all that for ten bucks!  Sushi was fresh and great tasting, service was kinda slow, but it was a very busy Friday lunch rush! I am glad to have found them and to add them to my many lunch spots stops! I will be back!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,7/13/2012,157,146,7,8,7>Small, cozy location with good selections. Ask for Jackie to wait upon your table, we been here several times and had a few hiccups, but I seem to keep returning because I do like the service & food
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,7/12/2012,302,469,9,8,8>For the love of Jesus! I went here with miss Dottsy Z for our girls date night and omg this place is fantastic! I have been here one other time 6 years ago on a blind date and had forgotten just how good the food was. We started off with the ever popular Burrata, which is- fresh mozzarella with a creamy heart topped with a balsamic glaze served with black label prosciutto crudo and toasted bread. From what I understand it is goats milk cheese that is flown in fresh daily and they have limited quantities. To say this is like butter is an understatement. It was delicious!!!!! Next I ordered the Rustica which is mozzarella, topped with prosciutto crudo and arugula after pizza is cooked. It took everything in me not to eat the entire damn pizza. Dottsy ordered the Prosciutto Crudo which is similar except hers has red sauce and no arugula. My goodness. I am still shaking my head and kicking myself for giving Dottsy all the leftovers. What in the world was I thinking? I will be back again very soon and not wait 6 years for another visit.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,7/11/2012,480,556,7,11,12>Ohhhh when it comes to Pakistani / Indian cuisine in the Valley, Z-Grill has my heart and taste buds.  For those of you who don't do dive-y joints quit reading now and move on.  For those more adventurous you will be pleased.  Located inside Zam-Zam World Market on 40th St, North of McDowell, you can blink and miss it.  Wander in to the back past the butcher and you order at the window.  They may not have everything listed on the menu so you may have to ask or reorder. It is a small but flavorful selection, they don't skimp on the seasoning or the spice here.  Thus making it an even more euphoric experience.  I stick with the Naan and the poori for your side options...the last time i tried the rice it tasted like it was steamed in the burlap sack....unless you mixed it with the curry...But this was not enough to deter me from going back every 4 days for about a month...Which reminds me I need to get back there soon!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,7/9/2012,156,102,6,13,8>Seriously, does it ever end with Yelp?I find THEE BEST PLACES EVER thanks to fellow Yelpers and it didn't stop with Hegel Yoga. I've been going to the studio for well over 6 months and I just love this place (the new location is even bigger & better too!) SIDE NOTE: I had NEVER practiced yoga at a studio before...because I thought I had to eat granola and shop solely at Whole Foods. And frankly, I didn't want to become one of those weird chanting yoga "people" that smell funny.Well, guess what? I now practice yoga several times a week and I'm still me! Tish and her studio are what everybody, regardless of age, weight, lifestyle needs to live a healthy lifestyle. The more I continue to develop my practice the more I realize how amazing the benefits of Yoga are. Not to mention, it's the hour I get to forget about everything and focus on only me and my practice. A studio is only as good as it's owner and teachers though! Tish is so incredibly fit it's ridiculous. The best part? She doesn't just go through the postures while you mirror her. At times she explains WHY we are doing movements, the health benefits while giving amazing verbal cues. I'm constantly tweaking small things here and there to the point of having "AH HA!" moments. All this while being sandwiched between the 75 year old guy who just started and is kicking my butt and the yoga pro on the other side of me...yet somehow she magically teaches us all at the same time (sandwiched not meaning cramped, just in-between). There are different levels of classes - surely each finds their own fit.I am a designer and work on the computer 60+ hours a week. I thought at one point I was going to have to get carpal tunnel surgery my wrist hurt soooooo bad and my back was jacked. After just a few months with Hegel, I have gained serious core strength that's improved my posture and my wrist no longer hurts.Hegel Yoga is going on my Yelp list of places in the valley I can't live without!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,7/8/2012,369,124,4,9,8>I'm craving a Tinga taco just writing this review.  I love Cien Agaves' tacos!  You can order them individually, as part of a meal with beans and rice, or a platter of 10 for $35.  Pork, carne asada, chicken, potato, lobster..you name it, they have it.  Whether you like mild or spicy, are not a meat eater, whatever... You'll find the perfect taco for you.Their patio is basically a narrow walkway with wobbly tables.  That's the only negative here in my book.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,12/21/2012,586,358,7,12,10>Everyone loves LGO. Well, almost everyone. I see a few one and two star nuts in the mix.  It's one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix too, but I have to say, the pizza is more like 3 stars. It is good, but not great. Just not a big fan of their crust. Now, the burgers, decor, service and people watching are all awesome. Plus it is attached to the LGO grocery store which is great.Last night I had their green chili burger for the first time and thought it was great. The beef was delicious and cooked to order, the roasted green chili tasted great, and even though it is borderline sacrilege, when at LGO, you gotta go with one of their massive English Muffins instead of a bun. I think it could be even better with melted American cheese, but the shredded cheddar is a nice alternative to the slice. The side of fries were awesome and they give you more than enough.After dinner I suggest you go over to the grocery store area and try one of the delectable desserts. I'm a fan of the Tammie Coe Ooey Gooey cupcakes myself. Parking's a bitch, but you can understand why. It's a great place. Check 'em out. You'll probably like it a lot.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,12/20/2012,228,749,6,11,6>If it is wasn't for the haboob, the girls that came to visit sickie me would have eaten in the East side.  They stayed on the West side and we decided to go to Chef Ben's because a friend's daughter works there and it is her first job.  Us Aunts wanted to say hello and give her a hard time.  he he he!  It was cute & clean place.  They have a mix of Japanese and Chinese food.  I ordered the double chicken (panko & grilled) with teriyaki!  The teriyaki was sweeter than I like but it was good.  The service staff was good.  The prices are reasonable.  I would come back to visit again!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,12/19/2012,580,212,6,15,11>I didn't have very high expectations for this bar considering I went to another bar opening down the street (world of beers) and left unimpressed. But I was pleasantly surprised by Handlebar not only for their selection of beers but for their wonderful service. As soon as we stepped into the bar the bouncers were incredibly polite and after we got in our bartender Ryan was THE best. He started with asking us what we usually look for in a beer and what we usually get. I said I like Blue Moon and the bf said his favorite beer- Four Peaks "Kilt Lifter." He then went on to recommend the perfect beers for us; he explained each beer with great detail and was very convincing. The bf first drank the Celebrator Doppelback and then a Monk's Cafe Flemish and loved them both (I'm not a fan of the beer the bf likes, but even I liked them). For me, since I like the light, but flavorful taste of Blue Moon' drank their Leffe Blonde and it was amazing. I should have known this was going to be a great bar since I am already a fan of La Bocca Pizzeria and Canteen, who are run by the same owners. I haven't tried the food yet but I definitely recommend everyone to give it a try!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/18/2012,455,177,15,17,16>It really doesn't get any better than Crescent! I have been saving up all these wonderful things to say in a review about Crescent Ballroom but, if I wait any longer I will never write it...Every show, every experience at the bar, every encounter with the staff, it all just gets better all the time. Something in the water perhaps? This venue is the tits! The show room is so intimate. You can get up close and personal with your favourite artists or chill back in the stadium bleachers There's not a bad spot to stop and listen in the whole place. The sound, the lights, the temperature! Its all oddly perfect. You are never really standing on top of someone else and I really love that. But some sold out shows do get packed.Los Dias de la Crescent was such a stand out event for me this past year. Really a unique experience at a venue other than a park. They have a good beer selection! Though they don't have Hop Knot on tap I can order it in a can or, in lieu, grab an Odells on draft. I have not had a chance to order food from the cocina but I have tried the nachos and they do not disappoint!I try to see at least two shows a month here. No reason not to! So many great artist and at such an intimate venue. Stop over at Stinkweeds, pick up some tickets and get your bottom to a show!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,12/17/2012,1992,234,19,25,26>Whoever's got the Gold makes the rules and Mrs. White makes gold in that kitchen.While I'm pretty sure that's not the golden rule Mrs. White is talking about, I think this one is more fitting! Her Smothered Chicken Fried Steak, dripping in gravy might as well have been dripping in gold, it tasted awesome! I ordered mine up with Mac N Cheese and Sweet Potatoes, deciding on those over the okra and the collard greens was tough, but worth it.Unless you're on one of those reverse diet plans eating a minimum number of calories like an Olympic swimmer, you had better check you diets at the door; this ain't no place for calorie countin'. I told mine I was going out for a light jog on my lunch that day; "You really don't need to come along." I told her; I hope she bought it! The ambiance here is likened more to a waffle house experience than 5 star dining, with old school fast food type booths and seating. While you're here, read the wall closely enough, and you will find many Cool signatures penned right on to it. Famous musical entertainers, local and nationally accomplished athletes, and other famed diners can all be found to have dined here once upon a time.Our waitress was surprisingly fit and trim for someone who serves food at a Soul Food spot. I had to ask, "Just how do you keep that girlish figure while working and dining here?" which she replied with "running back and forth with orders all day" and "hiking my favorite trails" on her off days. I have to note that she is now my new inspiration. Maybe I need to get a job here. I wonder how that would go over for my diet plan? Hmmmm.Happy Yelping Phoenix, it's time to go for gold!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/16/2012,317,211,9,10,9>The bf and I wanted Dick's Hideaway for breakfast, and were not particular about which location we ate off the menu from. For some reason. we just didn't feel like being cramped in the location next to Luci's today.Very glad we tried the Rokerij! It was not busy for breakfast, so we got a giant comfy booth to ourselves. It was nice and dark inside which we like! The service was fine. We had Ryno today, and he was outgoing, spoke about a few menu items, and generally came back in a reasonable amount of time. I decided to try something different, and got the dungeness crab omelet featured on the blackboard. It was a generous amount of crab, peppers and onions, paired with the standard tortilla, potatoes and beans.  Not something I'd order on a regular basis, but this whole place is a bit of an adventure and the crab omelet really hit the spot.He got the meatloaf and eggs, mmm spicy!! You have to ask for ketchup for your potatoes, and we were only brought one ramekin, but that's okay. It sufficed.We don't really care for free valet as we are fully capable of parking our own car, but at least when we walked out, they brought our car immediately.Overall, not enough for the 5th star, but it's worth the drive for something different. We are dying to come back for lunch sometime and try that Pasta Heidi or Chimayo Chicken! I could find the back door and restrooms here, too. The ladies' room was clean with interesting artwork on the wall. This is silly, but I loved that they had the nice soft paper towels. Maybe that's why the menu prices are so high lol.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,12/15/2012,795,565,2,7,7>Tasty Italian.  Yes, there's definitely the feel of the chain Italian place that it is, but if you're in the neighborhood and you're in the mood for pasta, this place will satisfy your craving for noodles and sauce.I had the Pasta Bolognese, and my wife had the Chicken Lemone.  Delicious all around.  Top that off with bread (perfect for dipping in balsamic vinegar or leftover sauce), and you have a satisfying meal.Service was friendly too and the ambiance was pleasant.  I'm always in the mood for good priced pasta, and Babbo gave me what I was looking for.  If you've seen their billboards and was wondering what they were like, I can vouch for their good taste on multiple levels.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,12/14/2012,327,204,10,16,12>J'adore ce petit café!I've come to Cafe Paris a multitude of times now, and I've come to the realization that it's hard to say no to this place. The space in comfy, the service is friendly, the prices are nominal, and the food is always great.My favorite thing on their menu is their French onion soup! It's delicious, and definitely some of the best I've had in the valley. You won't find a brown water recipe here...they make it from scratch! It's served with a clear broth that's loaded with soft onions. Traditionally topped with toasted bread and melted cheese, it's a winner in the flavor department.. And by the way, I've ordered it roughly a dozen times by now, and it has always been consistently scrumptious!Other great menu items (in no particular order) include any panini, the Eiffel Tower, croque-madame, and butter cookies. The paninis all come with a tasty pesto sauce that should please any pesto fan, while the Eiffel Tower is one ginormous club sandwich that will satiate the biggest of appetites. As for the croque-madame, just imagine one of the best grilled cheeses ever, stuffed with ham, and topped with an egg; it's awesome.I make it a point to go to Cafe Paris several times a month because I know I can get a good meal for fairly cheap. That said, keeping this place all to myself sounds wonderful, but it's time to let the cat out of the bag on this somewhat hidden gem. Bon Appétit!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/13/2012,185,193,28,24,17>After 3 visits, it's time for a review. But first, I just have to address some of the other, more negative reviews - 1. "The chalkboard is confusing" - No it's not. Find a beer you like the sound of, or the style, tell the server the number. Easy2. "The colours of the chalk hurt my eyes" - really? get some glasses.3. "It closes too early" - come earlier4. "It's too busy" - come later5. "I don't like craft beer" - don't come at all6. "I have to share my table, eeew" - unless you are paying their bill, what's yer problem? make some new friends.7. "It's too loud" - It's a bar, it's supposed to be loud8. "the parking lot is too small" - be thankful that there is a (free) parking lot. There is always street parking or you could ride a bike.9. "there's not enough bike parking" - chain it to a lamppost.10. "The beers keep running out" - it is a rotating selection, they are not running out, they are changing.11 & 12 "The beers are too expensive" - "Where is the Coors/Bud/Miller?" - I give up.The fact that this bar is so unique is probably why so many people are confused and write dumbass reviews. It takes them out of their comfort zone. It is for this very reason that I am giving it 5 stars. Most places are exactly the same as everywhere else and kudos to Angel's Trumpet for daring to be different.I love the beer selection, I love that I haven't heard of most of them. I also love the food. The onion and blue cheese quesadilla was amazing. The bison BLT in a blanket was a knockout and the avocado salad made my vegetarian girlfriend very happy. The service has been good all 3 visits.What really blew my mind during the last visit was the quality of the music. When a bar plays The Jam, Madness, The Specials, The Clash, Talking Heads, Depeche Mode, The Police, The Beat, I know there is someone in charge (even if only in charge of the music) with good taste.One suggestion - the chalkboard on the patio should be raised. It's too low when people sit at the table right next to it and difficult to read. Other than that one, very minor inconvenience, this place is unique and it rocks. I will be back for sure.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,12/12/2012,242,266,9,11,12>We would not have known about this place were it not for the Yelp deal!  Agave Blue Frozen Yogurt was a good find thanks to Yelp.  Im not familiar with this area and we were on a quest for some frozen yogurt!  We found a place that served frozen custard and although it was very temping it would have been way too heavy for us.  We searched the Yelp deals and found the Agave Blue Frozen Yogurt!  They were offering a $10 deal for $5.  There was three of us, which $10 was more than enough for all of us to have a heaping bowl of tasty yogurt!  They had fewer selections to choose from than what we've found at other places but what they do offer is delish! They have several toppings to choose from including fresh fruit which is our favorite topping.  Nothing's beats fresh berries on top of frozen yogurt! !  So pull up their Yelp deal and treat yourself and some friends to a cheap anf tasty treat, to beat the heat, now that was neat B-)
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/3/2009,5/7/2010,742,648,10,17,12>Now with so many good things going for it, I did leave The Dhaba slightly indifferent. You see when I order and eat, I'm pretty much a total top. While I am open to suggestion, I have a good idea of what I want and how I want it. During my visit, not only was I flipped but I didn't have much say in the matter. Please don't get me wrong, our server was friendly however, every time when one of us ordered something, he would tell us that he would order something better for us to enjoy. For me, I was dead set on ordering several wraps and rolls called Sada Bahar, what I ended up with was far from what I originally envisioned. While I did get my way with a few appetizers, I have to say not only was I pleased with his domineering ordering selections, but would eagerly let him order again for me.Street food called chaat, is to Indian cooking as dim sum is to Chinese. Usually a small plate with around 3 servings varying in preparation, and with enough variety to make a meal out of. Starting with the Amritsri Samosa Chaat ($6); these are a deep fried triangular dumpling filled with a mixture of potatoes, onions and chili, served with a spicy yogurt sauce. Perfectly crunchy and not a drop of oil, just breaking into one of them was a delight as the fragerent steam escaped, it was aromatherapy Indian style.Ambala Tiki Chaat ($6) was more of a composed small plate. A couple of potato pancakes, layered with garbanzo beans, onions, and garnished with fresh mint & tamarind chutney and yogurt. The flavor components with Indian cooking are generally very complex, this plate was a great example of complexity and harmony. Each bite had varying degrees of spicy and sweet then a slightly sour finish from the chutney.Complexity doesn't quite work like with the Kolkata Pani Puri ($6). These are round hollows, fried crisp and served with a watery mixture of tamarind, chili and potatoes. The idea is to spoon in some of the mixture into each puri, then pop into your mouth. While the texture was nice, the flavors just never came together and ended up just tasting weird.This is the part where he took over and assured us what he was ordering was going to be quite good. As the dishes came out we weren't quite sure what was what, so we just dug in. Eventually we got clarity and just continued to share, family style.Arriving on a sizzling iron skillet covered with peppers and onions, the Chicken Tikka Kabob ($11) was not only a dramatic presentation coming from the kitchen, but the colors were vivid and bright. Large pieces of boneless/skinless chicken breast are rubbed with spices then grilled, resulting in a beautiful yellow color. The chicken was tender and moist yet had a slight smokiness that added another welcome dimension.Served in a large basket were piles of hot freshly baked naan ($3 per order). The thick and tender bread was a welcome site since I was wanting a wrap to begin with. Plain, garlic and chili each flavor welcomes dipping, wrapping and scooping of sauces and meats.Loving yogurt, the creamy tang of the Kashmiri Chicken Tikka Masala ($10) was a welcome surprise. This is where the naan really came into play by making good use of the tender pieces of chicken and yogurt sauce. Sopping up as much of the delicious sauce as I could, interactivity is just part of the experience.With so many different spices and spiciness, the Mango Lassi ($3) was as welcome as the rain. Yogurt and water mixed with sugar and mango was cooling and refreshing. With the addition of a fruit puree on the inside of the glass, made this version different than others Ive tried, though the effect was still the same.At the end of the meal we were brought out a bowl of rice pudding with a scoop of pistachio ice cream. While the sliced dates and papaya were pretty to look at, none of the flavors made much sense together. Complaining aside, this did arrive complimentary. Who knows, maybe for being a good sports?We were also brought out another off menu item, it was a thick, flaky and buttery paratha. Similar to a flour tortilla, this particular version was filled with pureed cherry and sprinkled with anise seeds. After only one taste we were hooked. The group of us made short order of the warm tender layers. You might have to ask for this one to be made special. Our server actually told us how soldiers in the hills of Afghanistan, would make these since it didn't take to many ingredients or tools. He stared blankly out the window as he told the story, perhaps of his own personal experience building make shift clay ovens?Alright, so sometimes letting go can be a hard thing to do. After this experience, its actually kind of nice sitting back and enjoying the surprises the kitchen has in store.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,5/5/2010,121,311,13,16,16>Why, oh why did it take me so long to hit up Sens?  I'm in love, to put it mildly.My pal, Pierre T. suggested we meet here for drinks last night and I am so incredibly happy that it was Monday so the Roosevelt was closed and I was open to trying something new.First, Jinia, the bartender is my soul mate.  I'm convinced that we were meant to be together.  Err, that is a bit creepy, but I really liked her that much.  I plan on going back just to hang out with her.The martinis.  I know people whine about paying ten bucks for a martini, but I'm not really that girl.  A good martini is worth every penny and Sens martinis are phenomenal.  I tried the Lust first and then moved to the Hot Mama (or something like that).  The descriptions amused me, also, so hooray for witty menus.  I was happy to easily find the vegetarian section and tried the papaya mango spring rolls, oyster mushrooms and the okra.  Great little bites.I love you, Sens.  I'm excited to have met you last night and am excited to get to know you better.  See you soon (which means possibly tonight).
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2009,5/4/2010,92,86,20,15,18>I love me some Top's, and so of course I love me this bar just as much. Perhaps too much, but that's a discussion between me and my liver, thankyouverymuch. Anyway, Taste of Top's has a really well-chosen selection of beer on tap and wine by the glass, all reasonably priced, and all connected to Tempe's friendliest, funkiest, best-stocked liquor store, where you can ask for pretty much any bottle you'd like. It's also got sweet bartenders who don't mind if you bring your Thai food or pizza in while you drink. Who don't give your friend a hard time when she gets wasted and breaks a glass. Who remember you a few days later when you're buying a sixer next door, even though they've only been open a couple weeks. Who generally have a good attitude and an even better pouring hand. Typical Tempe neighborhood crowd, minus the dipshits, douchetards and assorted skanks of Mill Ave. Minus the trying-too-hard hipster scum who congregate around Casey's pretending to be too good for said douchtetards and skanks before paying their bar tabs with their parents' credit card and tottering off on a fixed-gear bike they don't even know how to ride as well.Thank fucking god.Scratch that. Thank fucking Top's. Tasty, tasty, tasty Top's.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,5/3/2010,285,121,29,19,19>I've been to Postino a few times, but as we all know it is a violation of Yelp TOS to review an establishment until you've been drunk there. What? It's not? Well, I would consider it in poor taste.I got drunk at Postino last night and had a wonderful time. The $20 Bruschetta Board and Bottle of Wine promotion they have Mondays and Tuesdays is a ridiculous steal. I didn't want to be the alcey to ask if that deal was limited to one-per-table as I was fully planning on consuming my own bottle of wine and possibly my own board of bruschetta. Luckily the guys across the bar had the same plan, so I didn't have to. FYI: It is illegal for restaurants to serve you your own bottle of wine. Don't ask how I know. I just know. However, you can split 3 or 4 with one other person and nobody says anything. Don't ask how I know this either. I just know. All of the different bruschetta options are fantastic. The Prosciutto one tasted like Cinnamon Toast to me. That may have been the booze talking. Considering I kept referring to it as "Cinnamon Toast Crunch", I'm going to go ahead and say it was. The roasted red pepper & goat cheese and the apple & brie were equally delicious. Sorry, I don't have a breakfast cereal comparison for them. To top it off, the service is fan-freaking-tastic. Everyone is extremely helpful and seems genuinely HAPPY  that you are there spending money. Clearly, from a business standpoint, this should be a given, but more often than not it isn't. Once I was there with a girl whose recently adopted Greyhound was somehow prompted to dart across the patio like a bat out of hell, knocking over chairs and wine glasses along the way. Not only was the staff RIDICULOUSLY nice about it, a few of the valet guys actually CHASED AFTER this greyhound and I'm pretty sure one of them got into his car to find it. The staff literally organized an impromptu search party for a dog that could run upwards of 60 MPH. That is some damn good service. And, we found the dog.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,5/2/2010,1709,149,16,16,18>The chop and wok was a kind of a spur of the moment decision for us and we had no idea what to expect. We grabbed our food takeout so i cant speak too much to the interior alltough it looked cool. I do know that a girl with the BIGGEST fake boobs took our money. She was polite enough and our food was ready quickly so that bodes well for the service there in my opinion. We ordered the char su pork strips chicken w house peanut sauce and bbq pork fried rice. The chicken was ok not fantastic a little too heavy on the green peppers for my taste but the spice was good. The pork fried rice was pretty awesome having a good deal of pork in it and the smoky flavor that good fried rice picks up when cooked over flame mmmmm tasty. The definite highlight of the meal was the char su pork slices they were really really good great flavor and tender i will definitely order these as my entree next time.Im excited to go sit down and eat at this place as it seems like a pretty cool place and they have 27 different beers on draft and that is A-OK in my book.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2009,5/1/2010,296,138,18,11,10>"Great Escape Lounge the"? Seriously? Whoever addresses my junk mail must be posting business listings to Yelp now. Questionable grammar aside, this place in a word, rocks. I want to lick the crusty underbody of its cracked, upholstered stools and have its dive bar babies. I'll wean those tough as nails tykes on a whiskey nipple and have them hustling gullible pool players by the age of six. Yeah, that's right. You just got beat by a baby that sound like a chain smoking grannie, bitch.Picture that visual. It isn't pretty. Neither is The Great Escape. Hell you've probably driven by it half a dozen times and never even noticed it. Maybe your cocktail radar needs some fine tuning. I know all it takes is the illusion that booze can be had for me to veer left into a parking lot and saunter up to the bar, primal "beer good" sense a-tingling. I realize I haven't told you jack about the place yet, but the faded stucco, dated sign and busted up jalopy in the parking lot should tell you all you need to know. This kind of ambiance can only be achieved through years of hard living in the fast lane and a general air of neglect. Play pool. Fire up the jukebox. Make an ass of yourself and do the chicken dance. Whatever gets your freaky rocks off. Just don't spill my drink.Bring cash. Or be prepared to pound three drinks to meet their ten dollar requirement for opening a tab. Ten dollars for two beers and shot. What the eff are you still doing reading this!? It's Friday afternoon. Get off your ass and go check out a little dive square at the corner of Awesome Avenue and Rock Your Face Off Boulevard.Yeah I might be a little drunk writing this review but do you want the triple distilled Erica, or do you want the burning raw power that only some backwoods firewater to the bloodstream can provide? I think we all know the answer to that one. All you have to do is be brave enough to turn to the bartender and say, slap me fast and rotten with the hoppiest stank you got. And make it a double. Ugh, get some.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,4/30/2010,363,93,3,12,10>Another OTFM update...Today the market took another step.  Went from the existing box formation to 3 rows. Looked a little cramped but it appears they'll be able to support a lot more vendors.Heard amazing news as well.  Heard that in the summer, OTFM is going to move from it's current spot to directly below in the underground parking garage. Love this idea. One of the bummers of being a farmer's market lover in the Phoenix metro area is that it gets brutal in the summer months. Downtown Market at least has the fans, evap coolers & shading. Helps a bit but going underground in the summer months should make OTFM quite comfortable. Heard talk of fans, misters, etc. also being brought into the equation. Totally psyched about it.  Do have a couple other recent finds to share as well. The lemon custard/Bubble Up float from Sweet Republic is amazing. Perfect as the days are getting hot. Today we got lucky & someone didn't pick up their special order from Phoenician Bread. We scored some cottage cheese/dill bread rolls which had been brushed with melted butter and sprinkled with sea salt. Chef Ben is awesome. Also officially addicted to Digestif's frittatas. They've become a weekly staple.  Today's pancetta/gorgonzola was super yum. The garnishes also stand way out.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,4/29/2010,112,139,9,7,7>Best new spot to open in Cen Pho for ages.The goat cheese app is amazing.I ate the best (bone in!) pork chop on the planet. The polenta... perfect. The presentation, artful. My date ordered the chicken, hot and smoky. The chicken wasn't bad, either.The bread is real bread, with a crust that one must chew and chew and chew. And chew. It was heaven.The service and ambiance are so good, I forgot that I was still in AZ for just a few minutes.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2009,4/27/2010,100,799,8,14,12>After reading high reviews from friends Daren C., Iain B., & Brian S., it seemed time to give Bobby Q a try.  Mike C. joined me, & we ordered a couple of different meals at dinnertime to split up & try a number of items that are mentioned in the many reviews posted here.First off, this place has tons of character, inside & out.  I found it to be very comfortable & fun, right off the bat.Soon after getting settled in, a basket of cornbread, along with soft, whipped butter, landed on the table, & it was incredibly good!  One bite & my rating of the place soared from "Start" to 4-Stars!  At Daren C's recommendation, a Smokehouse Burger was ordered, along with shoestring potatoes, & Amanda K's review called for an order for the Smoked Link Sausage platter, & macaroni & cheese, & beans were the side dishes picked to go along with that.The burger & the macaroni & cheese both qualified as candidates for the best I've ever had of each... just amazingly good!!  Everything else was excellent too, & at the end a little bag containing a couple of tasty mini donuts arrived, adding to the fun of it all.  The service was friendly & attentive too.  This is a great restaurant!!Meal prices are reasonable for this kind of place, at about $10-25 per person, & the special running on this day was a big feast for two, for $30.  See you there soon!===========================7/29/11 Mini-Update:  Have been here more recently & it's still great!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2010,4/26/2010,510,292,19,24,16>The owner greeted me at my car door with a giant umbrella to escort me inside the restaurant while it was raining...ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Georgie S. wasn't kidding when she said this place is a fantastic establishment. Its totally in a shitty strip mall and from the outside looks like an old greasy diner, but let me tell you friends, looks can certainly be deceiving, and in this instance, they totally 100% completely are. I visited last Sunday on the rainiest day in the universe. The first thing I saw when I walked in was a bowl of Jelly Bellys, and if you know anything about me, you know I love me some jelly beans. Spoon full for me, Handful for you. We asked for a booth, so they quickly got one ready and seated us, all the while shooting the shit and laughing with us about something or other. They have this whole New York theme going which made me happy reminiscing on my days living in the city. Sports memorabilia, license plates, photos and everything else you can think of that represents The Empire State were hanging or scattered around. The menu is out of this world. $3 mimosa's & BM's.. full bar, everything from Hot Dogs to Breakfast Burritos to Turkey Subs to Philly cheese steaks and so on and so on.. a little piece of everything you'd find from a street vendor in NYC.. and that by no means is a shot at their food. New York City vendors sell some of the most delicious culinary creations in the universe. Our waiter was super attentive and of course, I asked him what his favorite thing was. Bam. The Philly Cheese Steak, so I order one. This bitch of a sandwich was HUGE. It was like a Philly Cheese mountain, and holy cheesy steaky mushroomy oniony Batman it was delicious. Georgie S. was clearly being a fat kid that day and proceeded to order 4 things. Chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, a hot dog and, dammit, I don't remember the last thing. The Canadian went with the most boring thing on menu and got bacon and eggs.. But what does he know? Canada is useful only to provide me with furs and I don't even wear that shit anyway, so I guess that means its really good for nothing. (just kidding. (not really)). Everything was tasty and perfect for the hangovers we were all battling. This place is nothing fancy and is certainly not crap. I loved everything about it from start to finish, including the bill, which was about $40 for 3 people including 2 drinks each. Not bad Gino's. Not bad at all. See you soon, rain or shine!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,7/1/2007,5,9,2,7,4>I love this place!  I don't understand why all dry cleaners don't drop the PERC.  It is toxic to our lungs and environment.  I go out of my way to get to Organic Dry Cleaners, where they offer smiling faces, prompt service, and even free bottles of water.  I would recommend that you save a few bucks and print out coupons before you go.  I would love to see more of these go up around town!!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2007,6/30/2007,24,48,3,2,1>The meat lovers platter was awesome and HUGE. I had the Mousaka which was alright nothing special. The service was great though you may have to wait a little if you have a large party in which I did.Be aware of the cheese aroma here. I crave for fresh air or better ventilation.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2007,6/29/2007,215,277,3,3,3>The owner was really nice ... he learned customer service from his time at Oreganos ... He is a good guy!  Treats his customers with mad respect ...  Although it's way outside my neighborhood ... I maybe occasionally be passing Lux and Drip to get here ... but this place is nice ... with zero pretentiousness.The even play music that is inclusive not "exclusive" ... kinda a rarity for coffee shops IMHO ...
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,6/28/2007,19,38,,3,2>When this place was still pretty new, my friends and I slammed them with a few 15-20 person parties. They were happy to serve and even split up checks without groaning. So, they get five stars for that alone. Topping it off are their cheap sweet potato fries. It's a nice option for friends that can't afford to drop a lot, but you still want to include at a cool location.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,6/27/2007,454,555,13,7,8>I freely admit that I am a cookie whore.  Imagine the Cookie Monster glammed up and walking Van Buren.  Yep, that would be me - doing anything for a cookie.  Or maybe that makes me a Cookie Hooker,  a tried-and-true Cook-ker perhaps?  Anyhow, along comes Urban Cookies on an increasingly cool part of 7th St.  to make me consider settling down for this AZ goodie.  Well, I haven't quite settled down or anything -  I'm still shoppin around.  But, the "Simple Urban" cookie which is their simple milk chocolate chip - is one noble effort.  Not quite the best cookies ever, but a valiant try.The mix of ingredients and baking on this is really good.  Perhaps a little too soft from the June heat, but not bad.  Besides being 99% organic, it's soft, chewy, with just the right taste of vanilla and wheat.  The owners are a married couple who bake early in the morning and spend the rest of the day packaging the treats for sale, either one-by-one or by the dozen.   They market themselves as the hip, funky alternative to Mrs. Fields - and they're about right on.These cookies haven't quite made a religious convert out of me or made the Cookie Monster in me give up walking Van Buren - but still good nevertheless.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,6/26/2007,122,215,1,2,2>If you haven't had boba (a.k.a bubble tea, a.k.a. pearl tea), this place is a great intro.The black chewy tapioca balls sucked through extra large straw are oddly addictive...and so are the super delicious iced tea.   The tea here come in a multitude of variety and combo...my fav is green jasmine honey milk tea with boba...take that Starbucks
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2007,6/25/2007,1251,1174,,4,3>This is the place to go when you're feeling like something nice and facy, but not terribly expensive. I'm pretty sure this is one of the cutest little places and it's tucked away on a residential street right off of Camelback, too! Good sandwiches, soups, and breakfast items; Le Grande Orange also offers specialty bottled beverages, coffee and teas, fresh squeezed juices, and ready-made sushi. Very vegetarian friendly and within the same plaza as a wonderful Pizzarra (of same ownership), a gelato place (connected to the restaurant), and a Tammy Coe Cakes. I highly suggest getting something with fresh avocados since I have yet to be disappointed by anything I have ordered with it. Good for groups, dates, and taking your mother out on a Sunday morning.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,6/24/2007,296,138,6,4,5>This place really doesn't need another review, but seeing how it's my home away from home, I feel obliged to speak up from the peanut gallery.I adore this joint as both a bar and a restaurant. It has the best patio in all of Tempe, nay all of Phoenix, no--history. Alright, probably not history. I mean, if there were a bar in the middle of some wicked beautiful natural reserve, I'm sure it would trump Casey's. But I'm not qualifying their worth based on beauty. (Sorry, dearest. I'll make sure to spend freely this weekend to make up for that slight.) The five stars it gets is based on the general relaxing vibe it exudes.It's far enough off the Mill Avenue strip that the douchebaggery of those bars rarely flows over into Casey's. I've seen that the only gripe most people have with this bar is the occasional frat boy that wanders onto the patio, but even though these specimens in their natural environment are prone to swinging their dicks and strutting with impunity, they act different once they're surrounded by the regular clientele. The regulars could care less that you're the beer pong champion or top sorority sex kitten, can you engage in a meaningful conversation? No? Then kindly take your bulging biceps and stilettos to Scottsdale, where you're sure to be appreciated.I love the fact that this bar attracts such a broad range of people, all of whom coexist in an atmosphere of mutual respect and happy drunkenness. The elderly come here for the oysters, the hipsters come here to show off their newest tattoo. ASU professors coexist with high school dropouts. Professional bar hoppers chit chat with weekend warriors. The food's pretty wicked as well. French onion soup, the Hippie Sandwich, the Tuna Bacon Melt, the Fishwich (without bread it just becomes fish and chips, but way cheaper), the Oysters Rockefeller, the Chipotle Chicken Wings, the Clamstrip basket at 5 bucks a pop...it's greasy and divine. The prices aren't absurd, but are a little on the steep side for bar food, but it's totally worth it. And if you go for happy hour, there are free munchies inside near the dart board.It's a lovely little pub with a great patio, friendly servers and decent drink prices. Go there often enough and I'm sure its subtle charm will capture your fancy (and your wallet), just as it has countless others.Dearest Casey Moore, you hold a place in my heart and although my liver denies it, she thinks you're pretty cool too.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2007,6/23/2007,742,648,8,5,5>I get in these moods where I just crave certain styles of food.. lately Ive been on this Vietnamese kick that has lasted for the past 3 weeks.. I think maybe in a past life I was a beautiful Asian woman!! In any case I took my co-worker Ruben to a place I just so happened upon online.. its called Thao's Sandwichs.. we walked in and found that we were the only non Vietnamese in the place.. all eyes turned on us.. Oh hell yeah, this was a VERY GOOD SIGN!!!  This means the food is going to rock my world and my tummy!The place.. just awesome! We both had Banh Mi as well as Pho.. piles of fresh veggies and chiles.. loads of sauces, hoisin, sriracha as well as chile paste and soy.. the Banh Mi had one of the best crusty French rolls Ive had to date (sorry Saigon Sandwich) with ample fillings and an out of this world taste. I had the Pork Roll and Ruben had the special. Special was loaded with Vietnamese style meatballs (not the chewy ones) and covered with cilantro, chiles , pickled carrot and daikon..We moved on to Pho.. I had the everything Pho including beef brisket, tendon and tripe.. in a delicious beef soup that wasn't salty as some other places tend to focus on.. seems to be quite a bit of complexity in that there soup! Then fishing around in there found all of those wonderful rice noodles.. then started covering it in Mules Ear, chile and Thai basil.. so many complex flavors all with a harmonious balance and aroma! Ruben played it safe with just the lean tender beef Pho. He can be such a daddy's little girl when it comes to new food experiences.The one thing I would complain about was the fact that they were out of Boba and I settled for a Leche Choobee, it tasted like soap.. I think Dove to be exact.. simply vile.. I think the Choobee was alright, I may try it again some other time but without the Lyche!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/22/2007,167,315,1,4,6>Well, a disclaimer here..I am a biased reviewer.  I worked at Hava from 5/99-12/02.It is everything I want in a coffee house.  Quality coffee drinks made so you can taste the coffee.  It is not over roasted like the chains.  The munchies are passable.  This has always been of secondary importance here.  I mean...if you are a coffee drinker do you really care that the muffins are the cream of the crop?  Probably not.  Do not get me wrong there is nothing bad about the munchies it is just that it is always just better than average.That's A-O-K in my book though.  The staff is usually top notch.  Given the demands of a small staff, a high energy coffee house, demanding (in a good way) clientle, and the need for mad social skills there is a dichotomy of employees there.  On one hand there are employees that are like myself..there for many years and on the other many who only last a week or two.  Once an employee fits in they can be counted on to give you great personalized service and high quality coffee drinks.Honestly, if you are a seasoned coffee drinker you will prefer to hit this place on the Camelback Corridor rather than the chain places.  Sure, you may have to wait a little bit longer, but that will give you more time to witness the denizens of Hava.  There is a tight knit, and large, regular crowd who take time out of their days to spend time at hava.  You'll see why they do and you'll start to make extra time for the daily visits in your routine.If you read this say hey to Jake on the coffee cart out front and tell them Chris from San Fran sent ya.Cheers!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/6/2014,242,266,6,17,12>Al Hana, their restaurant inside of the grocery store is a total 5 stars!  This review is for the Baiz Market, the grocery store.  For us, this is a great "go to" place for some key items we need from time to time that our local grocer doesn't carry and/or they offer a better quality.  Some of the items we shop for while at the Baiz Market; ~the BEST place in town to get your pita bread!  Both white and wheat and in different sizes.  ~they have a fantastic selection of middle eastern spices especially curries.  ~they have some great butchers that will chop, slice and dice every part of a lamb, cow or goat.  ~they butcher fresh ground to 30/70, 20/80 and 10/90 ~a great selection of nuts, sesame seed and olive oils, curries~some great pastries Sometimes they have seasonal produce you may not find at your local grocer but you have to search for it.  Their produce is not one of their qualities.  It's a great place to pick up some groceries and have a bite to eat!  Maybe I'll see you there.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,3/5/2014,154,300,9,18,15>I took the lady here for our 1yr anniversary after hearing good things about it. She actually wanted to go to the Melting Pot since that was where we had our first date at - but hey, I'm the man here right? And I say that we are trying something new!Entering the door and going through the kitchen is different... and weird. If I hadn't read about it here on Yelp then I would have thought I walked in the wrong door. The girlfriend still swore I was lying and I pulled a fast one on her. Even after seeing people come and go through the kitchen, she was still skeptical! LOL. It is a nice touch though - my comment was "it makes it a bit harder to spit in your food with customers walking through all the time, huh?"I know, the way I think is weird.The garlic bread was good. I generally don't like a bunch of "crap" on my bread but I actually really enjoyed this bread. I could have made a whole meal out of it (I've heard that from others).The taters were good as was the steak. The searing+flavoring was phenomenal on both her Filet Mignon and my New York. It was probably one of the better flavorings I've had on a steak to be honest.I actually undervalued the bill too. I figured I'd be hit with a Delmonico's (Vegas) tab but it wasn't so bad. Service was good too - I drink a lot and my water glass was never empty. My alcoholic drink (Long Island) was also good as well as whatever fruity drink she had. Not too alcoholic, but still very tasty on both drinks.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/4/2014,330,151,6,13,10>Acai bowls are my newest and truest addiction. Thrive knows how to whip up an amazing bowl!     The inside is pretty sparse with the big menus, several tables and a couple of couches and an area to buy powders on display. The colors are loud and fun, kind of like their ingredient combos!      The girl at the counter was really nice and the wide window looking in to the back where the kitchen is a cool touch. I ordered the chocolate peanut butter Acai bowl and my friend got their new Pitaya (dragonfruit) bowl. You can get a small, medium, or large bowl and considering how hungry we were we decided on mediums. These are generous helpings for $8!    Our bright bowls came out and mine was full of pb, Acai, chocolate pea protein powder, hemp protein, bananas and strawberries. This was rich, filling and oh so good.    My only "negative" is that they don't have much outdoor seating, when the weather was as beautiful as today everyone would want to sit outside and eat their treats! They have smoothies as well, they look thick and delicious as well, but they have stolen my heart when it comes to bowls!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,3/3/2014,443,251,13,20,18>Nook reminds me of Hell's Kitchen. It was surprising to find such a trendy (but not pretentious) place in this little stretch. Gritty, yet artfully decorated, narrow, long and lit for an intimate conversation. The food and wine sampled was impeccable and I'm eager to visit again. With a bigger appetite tho!This place had the perfect date/romance ambience feeling in full effect. Sound is perfectly carried upward. Even with limited amounts of seating, conversation feels private and not shared with a neighboring table.Note: You may very well be sampling something from the drink menu while waiting for a table. We were seated immediately (Wed ~7:30pm). However, I think we just happened to have great timing. The restaurant was buzzing with energy and filled almost to capacity after we were seated. The bar stretches nearly the length of the restaurant. There are two televisions.My partner in crime is a foodie and knows a substantial amount about wine. We were both equally pleased with our red wine selections. The cocktail menu looked interesting as well. (They have a drink called "The Closing Argument" which made me laugh. It's too bad I'm no longer dating a lawyer to test that one out;)After lazily enjoying our wine we finally looked at the food menu. Our server was present, checking on us but never urging us out the door to make a decision. With great difficulty we picked the "Calabrese" from the Pizza Bianco menu.Hoh. Geez.Mozzarella, Taleggio, Caramelized Onions, Sweet Sausage, Calabrian Chilis, EVOO & Basil.There was no need to have accepted the offer for crushed red peppers on the side. The pizza was mouth watering and is just so difficult to describe. The sausage and the chili had the right amount of kick. When partnered with the cheese (Hoh. My) and caramelized onions. Well, amazing things happened in my mouth.This place is a definite must. Must try. Must go.Must go again.Yeah, that good.UPDATE:Dude, you have to try the Chicken Marsala. Seriously. Someone at my table did and was fawning over it. I thought he had to be crazier than normal. "Oh. NO. Seriously. It's so soft. I was able to cut into it using the back of my butter knife."Whatever. Then I fork sampled. LIKE FIVE TIMES.This was a situation where licking a plate would have been appropriate. You know. because THAT can happen. (I was sadly only able to fork sample 5x's as I was daft and waited too long. Pity the fool that makes this mistake!)I'm going back again and ordering this plate solo. Don't come with me, I'm not sharing. We may be friends ... but NOT at the table ;)The other item that looked ridonkulously yummy was the meat and cheese platter. We were told it was made to accompany wine. Well, have a look at my photo. It's big! For a gal, that's a generous serving.GOOD STUFF HERE!Also, I forgot. They have wifi here. Ask for the password! You'll laugh when they give it to you :)
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,3/2/2014,353,125,15,18,11>Yesterday was my first time trying Indian food (don't judge meeeee!) and I'm now HOOKED! Anyone who hasn't tried Indian food, or is curious and wants to sample - go here. This review is based on the lunch buffet, which beats out Chinese buffets any day of the week. You have a selection of 9-10 choices, plus dessert. The neatest part is the variety of food switches every day, so you're never eating the same thing over and over. Yesterday's buffet consisted of chicken masala (chicken, spices, tomato sauce cooked), daal makhani (lentil soup), bhindi (bombbbb okra!), chicken curry... and a ton of other goodies (dessert was shahi kheer - basmati rice pudding with almond and pistachios). My only complaint was the bread, as it felt like it was covered in oil. However, for $11.99 and all you can eat - I don't really care.Side note: they play this channel on their TV that's an Indian version of MTV - so freaking entertaining.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/1/2014,175,392,4,10,8>What, what  a great find! I usually am on top of the new restaurants that are opening in the area, but somehow this one got by me. Wifey spotted it the other day and we decided to check it out yesterday. It just opened on Tuesday, so it was perfect timing. The location is great, it's located right next to Postino on Central. The decor is done awesome, very urban but warm if that makes sense. The restaurant was very busy but seemed to run like a well oiled machine. We were seated pretty quick, they have a nice patio and tons of indoor/bar dining options. We started with a few cocktails, traditional margarita and I went with the blood orange margarita. Wifey wasn't over the moon about her traditional margarita, was a bit flat but my  blood orange margarita was great. they have a well rounded menu with tacos, tamales, tortas, burritos and a few specials. They also have a short list of apps/shareable plates. we started with the guacamole, which was done perfect. I opted for 3 tacos: Fried fish, braised beef and this spicy chicken. They were all great, my fave being the  braised beef. I also got the Mexican street corn, which was delicious. Wifey got the Chilaquiles, and LOVED her dish. They even have a kids menu for my daughter, which is always welcome. All in all, great good, superior service and perfect location. I'll for sure be back!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,2/28/2014,204,61,8,12,11>I like this place. We sat at the bar and had fantastic service from Bobby. One (of many things) that Fox does right is they hire/train their staff and the service is always terrific  I always enjoy watching how everyone pitches in and all of the employees' outstanding attention to detail. I think other restaurants should take note, food tastes better when you are well taken care of...seriously!I had a sour cherry paloma cocktail (a tequila based drink)  and I have to say it is probably my favorite drink in town now. Very yummy!It was served (as was my friend's beer) in a cute mason jar. The one caveat was that it was an $11.00 drink, (but easy to justify since I get a lot of Fox gift cards as gifts and used one Saturday night.) :) Yay!My friend and I decided to share shrimp cocktail which I felt was a generous portion and the sauce had the right amount of kick. We also shared the king crab with butter in jar w/ grilled bread...yum...very succulent (not a word I use a lot...but my brain kept thinking it while I was eating...so i will go with it)...:) We also ordered some garlic fries with aioli saude..(oink..oink) They were thick cut wedges-pretty good but I probably wouldn't order them again.( I will save my french fry quota for the year for El Charro and their to-die-for truffle fries..)I did not partake in their oysters which is their specialty but have made a commitment that that will be the route I take next time I am there.The restaurant is located in the midst of the Yard and Culinary dropout and the Yard bar was hopping on Saturday night. Little Cleo's itself is quite small and very modern with an open kitchen and the back wall of restaurant opposite the  bar is all windows so you can people watch if you are so inclined.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,2/27/2014,337,681,5,9,6>I was waiting and waiting and waiting . . . .so when they finally did re-open I was so busy with work that it took me a while before I had the opportunity to actually try the new Cafe at Phoenix Public Market. I think I had it so blown-up in my mind that it was going to be good, or even great  that I . . . oh, what the heck, I don't want to lie about it . . .it was fantastic! I ordered the Mediterranean Salad and it was enormous. I tried and tried, but I just could not finish it all. Not for lack of trying believe me . . . and I always save room for dessert. But . . . This time I had to buy my dessert from the bakery case and take it home with me. A very large chocolatey-fudgie cookie. And, believe me that was a "snack" worth waiting for that evening.My only disappointment was the cinnamon roll that I bought for breakfast. It looked beautiful, but a secondary spice that overpowered the cinnamon made it a disappointment.  It was a good roll, just not a great cinnamon roll. My advice is to take out the "other" spice and maybe add a few pecans . . . and whatever you do leave off the sugar icing. A little cream cheese icing would have gone a lot further to help me finish off my breakfast coffee! I did not try the Cafe coffee, since it was a steaming day . . . next time. Oh, yes, I will be back to try some of the other goodies on the menu. Perhaps the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie, or the Roosevelt Row Bagel, or one of their great sounding housemade soups - Southwest black bean, lentil curry coconut soup, or their beans & rice bowl.Hunger is overtaking me . . . do you know where the car keys are?
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,2/26/2014,442,101,10,14,12>I really love this place!  I've been here many times on all different occasions.  They offer a great happy hour where I enjoy the chicken quesadilla and margaritas.The decor is just okay with nothing to brag about, however, the food and service is great!  The margaritas are perfectly made and the chicken quesadilla and enchiladas are delicious.  I also really like the salsa and chips!  When getting Mexican food, I usually go for enchiladas, tacos, or a trio plate, but If you can't already tell, I absolutely LOVE the chicken quesadilla here!  Give it a try!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,2/25/2014,331,202,9,12,11>Don't let the blase exterior (with the exception of the amazing mural) fool you at this joint... it's MUCH bigger than it looks from the outside.  The only food I tried was their margherita pizza, which was fresh and tasty - but far from my favorite.  I will reserve judgment on the rest of the menu items until I try, but their beer selection is just impeccable.  Rotating taps with every kind imaginable, a great happy hour, and friendly service = must try if you love beer.  I really loved the open design, the back patio (especially between October and May) are perfect for this part of Phoenix.  It's like, for a moment, you forget where you are.  Very zen like, and peaceful place to enjoy a drink - at least until they get busy, and then it's still great, just not as quiet.  MUST TRY if you're needing a drink downtown, I will surely be back.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2010,10/18/2010,177,185,10,13,13>It looked like shrimp and it taste like shrimp but it wasn't shrimp. It looked like chicken and it taste like chicken but it wasn't chicken. It was all tofu and 100% vegan AND it was all amazingly great.  Even Amy's mock pork was surprisingly very pork like and I love pork.  You see, I love meat and it's very seldom that I go a day without meat in any given deal. However, this full "mock" meat experience was pretty cool and enlightening.  Not only was the lil establishment very clean but the owner was super cool and informative.  Although I don't see myself converting to full veganism anytime soon, I'll definitely be back to try a few more vegan-mock meat dishes. Boba Juice is also my new go to place for a much needed icy cold smoothie with boba of course. I've tried a few variations and my favorite is the taro/coconut smoothie, add boba.  I swung by Boba three days in a row for a smoothie and that's a pretty solid indicator that I like the place.  Yay, I am a fan!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,10/17/2010,375,90,10,14,12>I'm noticing a trend in my recent reviews. Caffeine!Best mocha I've had.... bar none. Of course I still love Miss Lola and Lux but if Cartel were closer to home (or the downtown location was open on Sunday) I'd be here all the time.The wait is long no matter what time you come. Stop whining. Deal with it or go to Starbucks so I don't have to wait so long.The decor is cool, the location is hidden and there is an abundance of chicks with mullets and dudes with neck beards, neither of which bother me. I had a strange verbal exchange with a barista that left me confused but I think that was due to my foggy Sunday morning state. I haven't experienced the snarky attitude that others have made mention to....and I'm pretty in tune with that sort of thing. Some would say overly so.One more thing worth mentioning is that the music is at a decibel level that it's not a nightmare trying to hold a conversation. (take note Lux) As a matter of fact, I could hear the hilariously awkward conversation next to me. That's always fun...
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,10/16/2010,1710,1170,9,19,11>I live behind the Chaparral dog park in Scottsdale, so I had already set the bar pretty high.This is freaking Disneyland for dogs!Three separate areas and one with a little lake! Yes, a real lake for the dogs to swim and cool down! Absolutely amazing. IF you really love fido, he deserves this treat. Bonus points if you take them to Uncle Bear's for lunch after.FYI - I noticed other reviews slamming an irresponsible owner with aggressive dogs... EVERY dog park has dip-shit owners. Don't judge this park because a couple of rednecks go there. Most of the owners and dogs are friendly.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2009,10/15/2010,1114,557,12,19,17>Uhh this place is totally cool. $5.49 you get all you can eat pizza, salad, pasta, and speciality types of food. Today was Fried Chicken, Enchiladas, rice, beans and spicy chicken noodle. Desserts too $4.99 you get all you can eat pizza, salad and pasta. Desserts too. There were #11  14 inch semi-thin crust pizzas to choose from. I asked what her favorite was and she said Chicken Alfredo, and proceeded to yell to a cook to make on asap. I was feeling really good knowing they make pizza just for me. Apparently you can have them make whatever you want, so I am not that special. I had, chicken Alfredo, BBQ chicken, pep and sausage, white pizza, the works, and pepperoni. They were all good but not the best you ever had. DUH I also had salad, pasta, soup, and dessert. The place is large and clean, there is a video game area but it looked closed. Maybe they only use it on Mondays or Tuesdays, when it is kids eat free. Monday = KEFTuesday = KEFWednesday = TacoThursday = EnchiladasFridays = They have fried fish all you can eat too. Check it out!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,10/14/2010,848,353,28,20,15>Have you ever gotten an orgasm from peanuts?  No?  Well, I just did.Number 27.  Medium hot.  Went with Robert M & Bacon for dinner tonight and we each got a dish to share.  Started with the fried tofu.  Bland.  the sauces were watery.  Also got shrimp rolls.  Yummy.In all, we had a red curry (#26) which was good, but it seemed as if the green beans had been frozen then cooked.  Also, the #34, medium spicy.  Had a peanut taste, a little sweet.  And then: #27.  (angels singing) Now, I don't know the names of any dishes.  I always order by number.  When it came to the table, I drooled all over my white shirt.  And, well, something else in my white panties.  Amazing!Service was quick and friendly.  I love that it's RIGHT ON McDowell.  Tables face the street, which you don't get very often here in the PHX.My leftovers are in the fridge.  Since I'm single and need the *ahem* effects of #27, I'll be having it before bed.  As a snack.  To get ready for bed.  #27.  Marry me.  I'll be the first person to marry a number.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,10/13/2010,362,221,14,13,18>I have an ongoing love affair with SideBar. Like any other time you fall in love, you can't quite explain why you love one place/thing/person more than all others.Could it be that I've never have a bad time here? Could it be that I always run into the best people here? Could it be the great drinks, friendly service, or Fruit Loops the bartender gave me one night? I just can't say for sure.The movies they play are nuts, the couches great to hang out on, the bathrooms are lovely, & the music is alright.I have seen all kinds of shenanigans in here, including a real life pimp with his downtown hookers one night. I don't think they got any customers though, because I have never seen them again. hmmmmI just always have a fantastic time here. That almost seems impossible, but it's true. I am a very disappointed if I am out downtown, & I don't end up at SideBar at some point in the night.It is only 4 stars because I can't really get food here. Sometimes I am super boozy & need late night snacks. They definitely need some work in that area. They have a spinach dip thing with some yuck chips. I need burritos when I'm drunk please.So here it is, go to SideBar, just stop & pick up a burrito on you way & if your night isn't wonderful, seek counseling. ;)
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2010,10/12/2010,411,144,8,16,12>-Outstanding food.-Fries are truly addicting!-Very inexpensive prices.-Very clean.-Questionable area.-Plenty of parking.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2010,10/11/2010,540,167,15,17,13>If you have ever read a single word I've written and didn't believe it, now is time to start. These guys changed my life. I cannot express that with enough emphasis. They literally changed my life. You know that thing about you that you can't really shake the feeling of hating? Hopefully most of you don't have it but I suspect a lot of people do... You know, you're like, god, I'm so awesome except for this one little thing. I hated my teeth for years. Like, hated. Hated smiling. Hated pictures. Hated hated hated. They weren't even that horrible but I'm such a teeth snob about women I was sure there was no way anyone could find me attractive with my two stragglers. And then in my LATE teens my parents agreed to pay for braces. Greatest blessing of my life. So we went to three or four consultations and the orthodontists performed various tests and we received quotes that ranged from $10,000 to $40,000. Most of them said I would need surgery to fix my alignment issues. Most importantly we just didn't click with any of the docs. So we got a referral to Drs. Steig and Wachtel and the stars, in fact, aligned. They were the least expensive and offered the most logically sound solution. No crazy jaw realignment surgeries. No craziness at all. I seriously could not recommend them more. Everyone in their office is super friendly. They walk you through the process. Answer all your questions. I'm not sure if they still do it (I'm assuming they do) but they used to work out a payment plan. Seriously top notch in every way. The joy that I experienced after my braces came off was almost inspiring enough to make me want to become an orthodontist. It brought me more joy than any other event or series of events that have ever occurred in my life. When all was said and done, I felt like a new human. They told me later that they took my original impressions to their industry night where they talk about tough cases. Their colleagues all agreed I needed surgery. And then they busted out my final impressions gansta style and blew away their colleagues with the course of treatment. These guys are brilliant. If you don't like your teeth, you will after the guys get done with you.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,10/10/2010,666,231,15,15,12>shout out to shelbyi believe was her nameshe really knew how to cut my curly jew froits been a few months sinceand it's grown in nicelyshe really knew how my hair would react, how to make it look cool, and how to sculpt it for its future growthall of these factors combined made her like a hair scientist/sorcererwhen the locks start getting a little too bushy i will def. pay her another visitas it is now, im just pleased with the way she sculpted my hair to grow into the tangled mass of curls that i know and love today
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,10/9/2010,458,172,9,19,13>4.5 starsBack in August, 2009...I decided that I wanted to get the Brazilian Keratin treatment done to my hair.  My hair looked horrible curly and I was ready to try something new.  Along with my curly hair, I also severely damaged my hair over the years with over processing my hair with color . My hair was also thin and dry.  I did some research and decided to give Bravo Salon a try.  They are known for doing exceptional service with the Brazilian Keratin, along with the Japanese.  I had my consultation with Elena, who recommended the Brazilian treatment for me.Ever since then, I have been back numerous times for styling and color.  I love it that Elena is not scared to try new and daring ideas to my hair. She also listens and makes sure that I do not leave the salon looking less than perfect.  If she sees a hair out of place, or if a piece of hair was not dyed properly, she will make sure it is done perfectly before I leave.  She is a wonder with hair and also super sweet and personable.Ever since I started the Brazilian Keratin process, my hair has been growing like a weed and is now soft and thicker.  I love it!  And what I love more is that Elena will not offer to do the Keratin in my hair again until I absolutely need it.  Usually the process washes out in 6-12 weeks.  I am now passed the 12 week mark and not even close of needing another application.  (This is not normal from what I understand...and this is from others that I know that get this process done)I also see Elizabeth for my brow wax....I have to admit she does an exceptional job.  I am going to see her for a facial next week.  Prices are very reasonable...especailly for a salon in Scottsdale. If I have to say anything negative, it has to be that I have to be in agreement about how small the place is.  I did mention this to the staff and they are fully aware.  Ideas are being thrown around to make that experience better.In the end, I have to admit that I am very picky and choosy when it comes to my hair.  It took me three years and many different stylists and salons...but I now found my hair a home :-)
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/22/2014,194,263,11,11,10>I love this place. Been here quite a few times now.I love this place because it stands out among the hordes of Mexican food places serving smothered in cheese and sauce Mexican food. That's not my Mexican food at all. La Santisima is. The location is across 59th. Ave from Old Town Glendale so not exactly walkable from Old Town because who wants to cross Grand and risk death by car. There's a small parking lot in the back of the restaurant though. It's never very busy when I've been for a weekend lunch or dinner. La Perla next door can be packed with patrons and 20 tables will be empty at La Santisima some weekends. That simply means less hassle to get some of the best food you can find in Glendale.I would recommend trying anything with arrachera in the description and the al pastor tacos. Their seafood choices are bangin' too. Their salsa bar will challenge your ideas of what a salsa can be made of. If you want to go for lunch or dinner at La Santisima and you can't find a date, I'll go with you anytime.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2014,9/21/2014,261,392,7,10,7>Top-notch Mexican food from an unassuming storefront in an otherwise generic shopping center.  I was turned on to Los Taquitos by a friend who, despite certain dietary restrictions, will indulge in the tacos here when she needs her street food fix.  Coming from California, I have been mystified and befuddled by the lack of good, cheap Mom-and-Pop Mexican food joints in the Phoenix Metro Area.  It seems that when I have gone out exploring, I have been completely disappointed with bland, underseasoned, cafteria-style Mexican food that seems to be de rigeur in these parts.  This is not the case with Los Taquitos.The food here is a tremendous value.  You spend no more than you would at any other Mexican food hole-in-the-wall, but the flavor and attention to texture and food preparation is exceptional.  The hard-shell tacos have the proper jaw-rattling crunch, and the meat is well-seasoned and tasty.  They don't require too much hot sauce because they are so savory on their own, but the house-made green and red sauce condiments, add the perfect amount of heat and brightness.  I have also sampled the carne asada burrito, served enchilada-style (i.e., smothered in red simmer sauce), and found it to be spot-on as far as texture and taste.  The flour tortilla is soft and sturdy, whereas the beef is toothsome and appropriately salty and spicy.I fear that I have been ruined for all other quick-and-dirty Mexican food joints after eating here.  Los Taquitos sets the bar very high for this niche of restaurant, and the service is prompt despite the crowds of loyal patrons that jam-pack themselves into this small little place for a taste of spicy, savory, satisfying Mexican food heaven.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,9/20/2014,75,131,9,10,10>This is one of my favorite mountains to hike. It can be a challenging, but it's so much fun. It can also get a bit crowded, but don't let that stop you. The view on top is worth it. There are tiny squirrels waiting for you to feed them at the top too. So cute. Be careful of rabies, other than that you've got a little rodent petting zoo. There's easier trails than the main one too if you're looking for something that takes less time and not as steep.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/19/2014,425,213,3,11,8>Ambiance, decor, delectable regional cuisine from Mexico, all combine to make this a truly wonderful destination for all things Mexican.  The original chef, a former taco stand owner on the island of Cozumel, made his way here in the 90's and opened "Such is Life", a phrase he adapted from a friend who invested in his dreams back in the island days.  Once upon a time, this restaurant had garnered so much attention, it was even listed as one of Phoenix's most interesting dining destinations by the New York Times.  Although it has changed owners, they have tried to keep the original menu and the concept going strong.  From the hand painted portraits of Freda Kalo on the walls, to the colorful folk art and paintings, to the regional music playing softly over the speakers, this place smacks of authenticity inside and out.  When I am here, I feel like I am on holiday in the heart of Mexico.  And when my plate of Camaron Al Mojo de Ajo comes out, I am transported to the beach in Tulum or Puerto Vallarta.First "must try" is the Crema De Cilantro.  Absolutely incredible soup with cilantro, garlic, potato puree, avocado, and chicken. As the name implies, it is divinely creamy and full of gorgeous, simple flavors.Next on the list should be the Queso Fundido with poblano, championes, chorizo, and nopales.  Excellent!  A slightly different take on what you would expect from a standard queso, and it does not disappoint with all of the wonderful ingredients.For a light and coastal entree, I recommend the Camaron Al Mojo De Ajo.  For $24.95 you get a very generous plate of large, plump, butterflied shrimp baked with garlic and virgin olive oil.This is absolutely one of my favorite Mexican restaurants, as it also offers diners a more fine dining culinary exploration.  The menu is simple.  Other entree offerings include fish filet and leg of lamb, and filet mignon.Appetizers range from $5.95-$12.95 from Ceviche Acapulco (marinated shrimp in fresh lime juice) to Coctel de Camaron (Pacific jumbo shrimp cocktail).Absolutely everything ordered, down to the made to order guacamole and salsa verde (one of three salsas served at the table), the house margaritas, and Aqua frescas was outstanding and I would highly recommend a visit to this iconic Mexican restaurant.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,9/18/2014,112,117,7,10,7>Omg, omg, omg. If you are from the east coast like I am, you will understand all the omg's. East coasters are always on the eternal search for food that is "just like home".  I am from NY and so are the owners of Basil and Garlic Bistro. There was an immediate connection. To say the food was "just like home" is an understatement. Fugettabouit. Now don't go in expecting anything fancy. This is a tiny little joint pizzeria style. Just a few tables with extremely minimal decor. In my opinion, that is part of the charm. No airs about so the food needs to stand on its own. I had the linguine and clams and it is just like I used to get in queens. Just right. My mother had the chicken parm dinner, which is not actually on the menu but they advised me that most heros (sandwiches for people who don't speak NY) can be made into dinners. To say it was excellent is also an understatement. Dad had the meatball hero which was perfection and we took pizzas home which are exactly what we are used and long for. All heros are served on their delicious bread which is also given to the table when you first sit. Amazing.  For dessert we ordered the cannolis as you can't fully judge a place without having their cannolis. Did I say OMG? Oh yeah, I did. I can't wait to come back to Basil and Garlic Bistro. I will be dreaming about it until then.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,9/17/2014,181,218,13,15,14>This is a fun family owned restaurant to go check out and the food is pretty tasty as well. Reminds me of going to the swap meet or one of those local food markets and getting some fry bread for a treat.Always used to get the standard fry bread with powdered sugar and just recently realized they make them with all sorts of goodies sprinkled on top or stuffed inside. Not sure how healthy these puppies are but who cares when you are craving one or two and just can't resist.Ordered the Chili Beef Combo Taco on my first visit and was not disappointed. Came back later in the week and tried both the Red & Green Chili Stew. Used a side of Fry Bread to sop it up all the gravy. The flavors are very nice and there is some spicy heat to make your mouth wanting more.Next my wife goes out of town and I was feeling lazy. No kidding. Stopped in and picked up two containers of both Red Chili and Green Chile Taco meat - To Go. Just warmed up some tortillas and applied some meat and ate like a champ for the next couple nights.Service is counter style and there is plenty of room inside for larger groups. Looking forward to trying out some of their fancy sweet choices on my next visit. As Arnold says in his movies ... I'LL BE BACK!4.25 STARS
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,9/16/2014,275,152,5,8,7>Fellow Yelpers - Thank You!I followed your recommendations and stopped here to eat.  It was good!We ordered 1 quesadilla. #3 (3 red enchiladas) and #17 (red enchilada, chili Relleno and taco).  All were good.Rice and beans... Also good.I recommend eating here!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,9/15/2014,148,118,6,6,7>I love Bei. It's a friendly neighborhood bar and sushi restaurant, and the owners/staff will make your experience a great one. They are fun, friendly and will encourage you to join in on some late night karaoke as well as give you recommendations of their favorite options on the menu.They have every kind of seating imaginable (I love having those options), TVs (and will change the channel if you ask nicely), live music (on the weekends) and Happy Hour specials! My boyfriend and I ordered a bottle of sake there, and it came in a really cool ice bucket which made us happy.Get the stuffed mushrooms and thank me later. Oh yeah, and for Vegans they have Vegan options! : )Head over to Bei, and have a good time. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2014,9/14/2014,957,175,8,8,11>A Gem Right In Litchfield ParkA out of town friend stayed a few mights at the Wigwam Resort.  I have to admit I love the wigwam.  The Wigan is a  Historical hotel that has modernized but has been able to retain the historical past beautifully.  The Wigwam has magnificent restaurant, beautiful golf courses, day spa,  places to walk, pools, bocce courts, and volleyball.  When you stay at the Wigwam you never have to leave the resort because the Wigwam has it all.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/13/2014,228,749,10,10,12>YUM...  My first time here!  I loved it.  I got the French scrambled eggs with sausage and baguette.  Everything was GOOD!  The green ice tea was good and better cold.   The ice machine was out of ice.  It took them about 15 to 20 mins to get more ice into the machine.  The chocolate croissant was super good.  Got 4 macaroons and I inhaled them at home.  YUM.........................
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,1/14/2010,112,139,10,11,11>They sell a stimulant from South America and are called "Cartel."A joke's hiding in there, somewhere. Stopped by for the first time today. It wasn't easy to find, but that made it fun.  (Look in the BACK of the shopping center). I'm sure it's easy to miss!All I have to say about my visit is... DAMN these guys serve a great cuppa joe. One of the best I've had. Ever.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,1/13/2010,106,104,19,12,16>First off, let me just say that this is my first yelp.  Go easy on me.Visualize yourself shitfaced at the end of the night, stopping for a bucket of KFC because nothing could ever taste better than food when you're that drunk.  You with me?  LoLo's is that good, only sober, and in the morning.  Show up there at 955am on a Sunday and you'll see a line of brothas in their sunday best waiting to get in to this place.  And where that line of people goes, I will blindly follow.Because inside you'll find: mason jars (!) of red Kool-Aid, good ol' fashioned Southern sweet tea, or whatever soda you want.  But then there's the plate of fried chicken.  Top it off with red rooster sauce and life is damn good.Alternatives: mac and cheeseThe waffles are good but to be honest with you, I feel like they just get in the way of the best fried chicken I've ever eaten.  (Sober or drunk)  I mean, you wouldn't just go to the original pancake house and get only eggs and hash browns, would you?  Only a goddamn fool would do that.  No, you are the person that goes to Mastro's for the steak, Sapporo for the teppan yaki, and Red Lobster for the, well, red lobster.  (you know what I mean...)  And since you are that person, go to LoLo's.  Get a jar of drink and eat so much chicken that you want to die.  It's a good feeling.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,1/12/2010,176,83,10,16,12>"What can I say about Kolby's that isn't amazing?"  I ask myself this everytime I think about driving 20 minutes to play pool here. Alas, it still remains unanswered... This place is awesome. Simply put.  You don't have to enjoy pool to have a good time thats FOR SURE.  They sell brewski's and eats. No liquor (I just found out), but their amazing food will make up for that dinger.  I swear, any food I eat here is fantastic.  Fireball Burger is indeed VERY fiery... like the waitresses!Loaded Fries are soooo comfortably loaded like many of the patronsSupreme Nachos come with everything including a side of siracha (sp?) and sour cream. Don't. Underestimate them...Tacos are flour tortillas, but deep fried like corn ones... They are extremely tasty and you get three of them.  Believe me, they are thicker than your grandma. Seriously. :|Sun and Mon have $1.00 pints. THAT'S RIGHT! ONE DOLLAR!Tues have $2.00 CoronasThe staff is B-A, Bad Ass! Everyone is super cool and they make you wish you were them. Honestly! I want to work there!Anyway, if you are in the mood for some chillaxing, stop here. Noon to 7 only costs you $7.00! Can you believe it?!?!?! That's unheard of!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,1/11/2010,447,457,14,15,16>I had driven past this place for years and was reluctant to enter, but after reading Yelp reviews and seeing the posted photo of the interior (thank you Jason A.) my interest was peaked beyond what could be ignored. I've since been twice and enjoyed it both times. I think the best way to describe this place is that it is a bar that serves Chinese food. The food comes in Chinese take out boxes with plastic forks and styrofoam plates. The bar has limited table seating (unless you're willing to sit outside) and the walls and ceiling are adorned with (among other things) glass beads, starfish, cymbals and Chinese dragons. There's a breathalyzer machine in the corner. Ordinarily, I would not pick Chinese food but after my first visit I longed to come back. Mostly for the atmosphere, but hey! Chop and Wok got me to pick a Chinese place. :) The food is not exceptional but I have never found Chinese food to be exceptional. The variety IS exceptional. More than 10 vegetarian options alone, even more if you are willing to eat shrimp! Jamie has been behind the bar both times I've been there. The very first time he made me feel right at home by asking my name, shaking my hand and introducing himself as the owner. The second time, he generously made amends for a slow kitchen without even being prompted by complaints. The vibe is super chill and is a lot of what I love about Chop and Wok! Last night, some dude started playing guitar at the bar. He had an awesome voice and offered to take requests. When you're feeling low key and hungry, this place is a great solution!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,1/9/2010,177,185,10,20,15>The Downtown Deli is my go to whenever I'm jonesing for loads of meat or a fat juicy dog. I've had every meat sandwich on the menu over the last 10 years and my favorite is the Skyscraper. Mounds of Corned Beef & Pastrami w/ melted Swiss, Dijon slathered on Marble Rye, with a side of French fries, a pickle wedge, and large Root Beer. I'm not a huge hot dog fan but I'll break down once in a while and go for the 1/4 lb all Beef Dog with Straw. It's a pretty darn good dog! The dogs go for around 3 bucks and the specialty sandwiches start at $8.25. But they are well worth it. Warning: This is not the place for people who are looking for a light meal or can't stomach a Motha of a sandwich. You will get dirty looks from waiting patrons and you'll throw the line cook off his game if you ask for a healthy alternative to the specialty sandwiches. Stick to the menu and you'll be just fine except for needing to take your belt out a notch; no harm in that.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,1/8/2010,218,116,10,12,9>I used to live by this Humble Pie and never went. Now that I live downtown I finally make it there? Go figure. I met the venerable Richard Z for lunch today. The other leg of the "Tripod", Dallas G was missing. The place wasn't too busy for lunch, but it was about 130 so the lunch rush may have already ended. We sat out on the patio since it was a typical 70 degree December day. Nice patio that is probably perfect at night. The menu had salads, pastas, and of course pizzas. They offer a pretty good lunch special of an 8" pizza and salad for $8.95. They have specific pizzas for this on specific days, but our server said we could have any pizza we wanted. I give credit to Mr. Z and his charm for that. I decided on the Artichoke which had fontina and ricotta cheese, 3 different olives, and caramelized onions. I got the Veggie salad which had jicima, romaine, tomatoes, green beans, avacado, white beans, and fresh mozzarella with a herb vinagrette. The salad was very tasty. Z had the Cesar which he noted that the croutons were amazing. He subsequently bit his tongue in half following this statement. There was blood and everything.Our pizzas came out before we were done with the salads, which is a bit of a pet peeve of mine. Mine was very good, but I wish the crust wasn't as bready and a little more well done. Otherwise perfectly delicious. Z got the Egg pizza which had a sunny side up egg and panceta. He seemed very pleased with his selection. I could tell by the sounds coming from across the table. I also enjoyed one of the iciest Stellas I have ever had. Perfect for a day like today.Overall a very good experience and I would definitely come back to this location or any of the others throughout the valley. Well done Humble Pie.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2009,1/7/2010,119,483,7,15,14>What do you know, I went back!  The owner was kind enough to email me a while back and we discussed what it was I was unhappy with, he gave me some recommendations based on my tastes, and he sent me a gift certificate to try them out again.  This time around, instead of a dismal one star rating, I find myself wavering between 3 and 4.  I will clarify that I would like to give this place 3.5 but I am rounding up because I have never had chicken as juicy as I did the other night in my entire life.The husband and I stopped by here right after work, at about 4, and there were a handful of tables already full.  As the time progressed, it became much busier.  I would also like to report that the strong artificial cherry port-a-potty smell I picked up on last time is no longer there.  All I smelled was the food.  We seated ourselves, I glanced over the menu, and I knew what I was going to order.  Thanks to reviews from nathan and Amber, I ordered the quesapilla as an app, and for my entree, I went with the Baja Chicken Burro per the owner's suggestion.The Quesapilla came out quickly and was already oozing cheese.  I cut it open to share and I couldn't help but stare and watch the cheese slowly fall out.  It was like porn to me.  I have an addiction to food porn.  The taste of it was fantastic.  The cheese tasted great and the crispy/soft shell around it was very nice.  The Baja Chicken Burro (a chicken burrito deep fried and then baked, then topped with cheese and cream cheese sauce) was delicious.  The outside was perfectly crisp, there was just enough cheese, and the cream cheese sauce was perfect!  I was nervous about the sauce because I am not the biggest fan of cream cheese, but this was really great.  It was slightly spicy with a really nice cooling effect because of the dairy.  The chicken was incredible.  It was so juicy and so flavorful I thought I might have a foodgasm.  I can't believe I am saying that about Mexican food, but it's true.  They know their chicken.Overall, the food was fantastic, much better this time, but the service was okay.  It started off really strong with our drinks coming immediately after we ordered them, and subsequently our food, but after we finished we were left waiting about 20 or so minutes just to get our check.  I also couldn't help but notice while we were waiting, that this place seems to be so friendly.  The owner knew so many of the customers by name and was genuinely interested in their lives.  It was refreshing to see that kind of friendliness.  I take back my original review, it was very clearly an off day.  My husband and I very much enjoyed our food this time around.  Next time I have a taste for Mexican food (probably next cinco de mayo week) I will think about stopping by again.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,1/6/2010,92,86,14,12,12>You know when you absolutely adore a restaurant and it's like they don't even know you exist? Like you're in some endless John Hughes film where you never, ever get to that final birthday cake scene? I hate unrequited love. But at Haji Baba, the feeling's alllll mutual, baby. No, really. They love me. I swear. Stop laughing. The bestest service, the nicest chitchat and the friendliest not-creepy flirting. And, of course, the most delicious hummus (with a pickle on top).OK, so maybe everyone gets the hummus. But does everyone get a big smile and a compliment from the kitchen staff? Maybe it's because I always stop by after work, gussied up in heels and other lady-things. Maybe it's because I tip on takeout orders. Always. Or maybe it's just because I shop the store like I mean it: canned goods, feta, olives, pita, maybe some naan, baklava, wacky Eastern European chocolate, baba ganoush, spices, pistachios, etc. etc. etc. Not to mention the dirt-cheap, super-tasty kebab, shwarma and koubideh. And while Haji Baba may be the Sam Schoeffling to my Molly Ringwald, Long Duk Dong has never made an appearance during my meal.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2009,1/5/2010,369,46,42,20,20>7pm... Wow He is right on time ... great.... All dressed up for once in my life... Stilettos, LBD, and makeup... its new for me ... I'm usually in jeans on a date :P walks me to the car... unlocks the door and walks around... doesn't even bother to open my door while I'm already there? O..K... As soon as we start walking up to this place I'm automatically excited, i can smell all the good things from inside :) the lighting is really calming and warm... we were seated right away.. it took a minute for them to get to us for our drink orders ... they had so many take out orders it was insane... so i figured it had to be good right?! in the mean time i learned that my date is a vegetarian... well that's cool and all but somehow it turned into me defending my right to eat meat... i was really calm about it and just let it roll off but i was annoyed... as soon as we ordered our food.. like the second the lady walked away he looked at me with the weirdest look ever and said "Aren't you going to go and wash your hands?" WTF!!!!!! like he expected me to just get up and make a dash for the restroom... do i look like I'm 6yo? "um well dude... I'm sure we have some time... ill wait a little before i go and wash my hands... " he continued to look at me like i was gross or something.... weird he got a Thai beer and i got my usual water with extra lemon :) and the beer was really good... I'm not sure what its called but if you translate the title to English it means brother... (he igoogled it) it had a nice flavor... and its the same price as a soft drink lol score! once we got our food i was soo excited! i got the sweet and sour chicken .. with steamed white rice... they had the pineapple, onions, green bell peppers and a new one for me... TOMATOES!! and it was delicious!! just amazing... he had something vegetarian... with noodles and broccoli... so the whole time throughout dinner he proceeded to laugh out loud with his mouth FULL of food... and talk really loud at me with his mouth still full of food... and i mean its about to fall out of his mouth... it almost ruined my dinner... to bad i was too focused on the bell peppers! mmmm then he proceeded to pick food off his place and put it on my mine to try... which would have been cool... if he didn't use his HANDS to serve it... I'm glad to know he had just washed his hands but still... really?!? once we were finished he got the check... then showed me and started bitching about it! it came to a total of $22 and some change... um two dinners plus a beer... man that's a great deal in my eyes... plus I've never had a date show me the bill before... isn't that like a man rule? hmm i thought it was... so he takes care of it and we leave... still with me opening all my own doors... :( and as the drive to the next destination he continued to belch out loud without covering his mouth or saying "pardon me or excuse me" or anything.... and kept talking about how he had to go to the bathroom ... i was horrified! End Result.... Good Food... Nice and clean bathroom..the soap leaves your hands SUPER soft and touchable :) The Service was nice... Nice atmosphere... Horrible date... Wish i had had better company :( oh and i Tossed out his number...
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2009,1/3/2010,732,344,8,10,10>i really like the roof. like, a lot. i thought this place was really cool. we got fast service at the bar and the music definitely lead me to showing off my sweet dance moves. the crowd here was really cool and a big mix of really nice people. i love when you find people like that! the only thing i didnt like was the smell of barf on the roof. it really grossed me out.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,12/6/2013,331,202,8,15,12>I've driven past this place many times, and I always thought it kind of felt out of place on Mill.  I'd heard mixed reviews, and obviously it isn't super popular here on yelp.  But when I saw the Living Social deal (two drinks, any appetizer and any two entrees) it was time to try them out.  Upon arrival, got a nice quick tour of the building, with a little history of the oldest building in Tempe by the host who sat us, thought that was a nice touch.We were there a little early, so we successfully brought down the demographic as most of the patrons were quite older.  Granted, it was game night @ ASU so I'm sure that had something to do with it.  Started with a couple of drinks and the blackened prime rib appetizer which was tasty - even though I prefer my prime rib medium... the creamy horseradish sauce was bomb.For entrees, we got the seabass and porterhouse, as they were the most expensive items available.  And as it turns out, they were both spectacular.  Perfectly cooked, amazing presentation and excellent service throughout.  The sides were mashed potatoes and chipotle mac & cheese, both really tasty.  The GM stopped by a couple times to check on us, and was quite cordial. All in all, it was a really nice meal, and much better than expected.  I had enough left of the porterhouse to make a perfect steak and eggs Sunday breakfast, so that's always a nice bonus.  As far as steakhouses in the area, this place is 2nd only to Durant's in my book - which says a lot.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,12/5/2013,564,153,9,13,13>Let's just say it went from bad to awesome.  We make reservations for our birthday party and when we got there did not know about it.  So,  we ended up at a small table.  But our waitress was amazing.  I wish I remembered her name, because she did an marvelous job.  She remembered all of our orders, got our drinks and food out quick and she was really nice too.  Between the drinks and food.  My favorite things at Del Frisco is the VIP, Skirt Chaser, Baltimore Hottie, Roasted Tomato flat bread, cheese steak egg rolls and the chicken wings.  At the end of our evening we got surprised with free desserts from the manager.  :)  OMG the coconut cream pie is to die for and the Lemon Doberge Cake was amazing too.  Thank you Del Frisco for a excellent party birthday.  We will definitely be back.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,12/4/2013,185,219,14,15,11>I admittedly don't know much about Cambodia. I know I want to see Angkor Wat at some point in my life, but that's about as far as my knowledge extends. When I saw there was a local Cambodian restaurant here in Phoenix, I was intrigued and wanted to stop by to broaden my knowledge base. We walked into Reathrey Sekong on a Friday evening at 6:30pm and were sat immediately. For a 4-1/2 star restaurant, that impressed me. Especially since we had just left another place after seeing a horde of people standing outside. The inside is small but charming to say the least. I ordered the Cambodian iced coffee which was recommended in other reviews. Greatness. I thought it was going to be too sweet, but it wasn't, the mix of coffee and condensed milk was perfect. I ordered the large serving of the Cambodian BBQ Platter for dinner. It was basically a big plate o' meat that consisted of sliced beef, grilled beef skewers and grilled chicken wings. It's also served with a bowl of white rice. Excellent. The two beef offerings were cooked so that they were still tender and the flavor was awesome. The wings were on another level. Probably in the top 5 of best wings I've ever eaten. The only issue I experienced was in the order the items were served. I waited for what I thought was a while before my coffee came out but it was okay. I figured they were just waiting for it to brew. My coffee came out, but my wife's drink (coconut smoothie with boba) didn't come out for a few minutes later.Then the same thing happened with our food. My food came out and hers didn't for about 3-5 minutes later. It wasn't a huge deal, but it's just awkward when you're sitting there with your food and your eating companion is sitting there watching you, twiddling their thumbs. She wasn't actually twiddling her thumbs. Does anyone do that anymore? Anyway... you get the point. That was my only qualm. Other than that, this place was excellent. If Reathrey Sekong is any indication of the deliciousness that awaits in Cambodia... I can't get there fast enough.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,12/3/2013,248,354,10,13,9>This was really good! I have passed by here a 100 times and never been in. I was missing out! I love the cheesy decor that others have talked about in their reviews. I like it, gives it some charm and family feel for a chain. Almost feels like you are outdoors. Lets start with the Sangria. Mmmmm. That was some good stuff! The chips come out with three differnt salsa's. I loved 2 of the 3 and there was nothing wrong with the 3rd, just not my cup of tea. I had a shredded beef burrito smothered in cheese with guacamole. It was really good. Very flavorful and I would get it again in a second. The rice and beans were very good as well but next time I want to try the potatoes with chili. I had a bite of someone elses plate and they were fantastic, I was very jealous! Server was very friendly, fast, and kept our water filled and checked on us. Prices were reasonable and they have an email club that you get buy one get one free for your birthday. I will be back to try more menu items soon.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,12/2/2013,443,251,11,18,13>The Phoenix City Grill was described by friends as their local "Cheers" bar. Well, I have to tell you something. Although a Norm *does* frequent this joint I'd rather come here ANY day over the tv version. This place is swank! (Sorry friends. Your description needs tweaking.)I met my friends at the bar area. I parked out back and walked in via the kitchen area. I did NOT, however, realize I would be walking through a full on kitchen. NOPE. I closed the door in confusion. Double-checked the sign outside that said, "Enter Here" and proceeded. A very understanding employee provided me "directions" to the bar. The bar zig zags around to the hostess stand. This is nice so everyone is not lined up like soldiers and conversations flows. There are standing height tables in the bar area as well. The restaurant section has booths (noted on the way to the bathroom) and copious seating. There is also a private room for events behind the elegant wall of wine.Using the company's weekly email we scored a free appetizer. The "Red chile pork tacos" come two to a plate and are divine. Grilled pork tenderloin w/chipotle aioli & pineapple fennel salsa. YUM.Having had a late lunch I could not possibly justify a decadent dinner. But I desperately wanted to after the tacos. Alas, no. Instead, I enjoyed a mouthwatering cup of the daily soup (Friday is the chicken tortilla). The group shared something called "Crispy Eggplant Bites". Goodness!Red pepper relish, goat cheese, arugula and a sherry vinaigrette are layered over a crispy heavenly crunchy shell. What this heaven is made of I should have asked. But no, I was too busy inhaling to inquire. (Four to a plate. Big enough for a group to share. IMO. However, I could see a tipsy person opting not to. This stuff is seriously good!)I also fork sampled my neighbor's plate "The Original Griddled Corn Cakes". This is a neat mixture of sweet, spice and well, cheese. And I like cheese!I'd say I'd come back and eat these things again. But NO. I want to try different things *next* time. Brunch looks a-m-a-z-i-n-g. So does lunch. And all the great entrees I had to pass on. (Aww man!)With a full belly I understood the "Cheers" reference. You come here repeatedly. If you sit in the bar area look for Jose, JP & David. All three bartenders seamlessly moved between guests without missing a beat. Our glasses were never empty.  Even though we were waited on by all three of them service was transparent.Oh! And keep an eye out for the owner, Sheldon. He's making the rounds and greeting guests too!This place is super popular for good reason. If you're coming for a special occasion or with a larger group (which they can readily accommodate) I'd recommend a reservation.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,12/1/2013,175,390,8,17,18>What is not to really like about this place?Nothing that I can see.It is a great place to come to ,if you live in the Valley, or anywhere else in the world. It is as great as any casino resort in Vegas. I think we are lucky to have it here close by.The rooms are nice, there is covered parking. Great pools, nice grounds. The Buffett is one of the nicest around.Nice place for out of town visitors to stay as well.A t in my book.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,11/30/2013,2276,947,31,39,37>HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:Warning! Going to Sam Fox Restaurants for Happy Hour after a movie can be habit forming. We have heard many good things about this Italian farmhouse concept, but we were little hesitant given that we found the lunch at North in Kierland just okay.  Our caution however, was unwarranted.AMBIANCE/MOOD:We arrived around four-thirty and the parking lot was mostly empty. Were they open we thought? But as we approached the front door, it was opened by a hostess and we were invited in. Nice.  We said we had come for the Happy Hour and were escorted not to the bar, but to some tables along the back wall. We were given menus, both Dinner and HH and heard a brief explanation of the fish special. Very cozy and very nice. I have taken a few photos of the inside of the restaurant.  The mood is upscale and dare I say 'hip".MENU:Like other Fox places, the HH menu is more of a starting point of samplers. For instances, if you like HH serving of freshly made meatballs and spaghetti, then maybe you'll like the lager dinner serving.The HH menu has about a dozen items, mostly in the $5.00 - $8.00 range.  They have Caesar Salad, Arancini, Pizza of the Day $8, Chef's Board of meats and cheese $10, Zucca chips $3.  Two holdovers from other restaurants are the Castelvetrano Olives $3 and Spiced Nuts $2. These two look similar to the Olive & Ivy's offering. yelp.com/biz/olive-and-i…As you would expect, they also have all beers and well drinks priced at $4.00 to $5.00.  But what we found special, are all their wines marked at 50% off.  They will also re-cork it for you to go.Here are links to the menus:foxrc.com/frcwp/wp-conte…foxrc.com/frcwp/wp-conte…SERVICE:We found the service to be very professional.  Yes, the water glasses were refilled on a timely basis, but also the wait staff comes by and chats with you about your food and answers any questions you have very knowledgeably.  We actually got into a very detailed discussion on Washington State wines and Oregon Pinots with our server Vail.FOOD:We started off by ordering a Washington State Chardonnay, but found they didn't have any chilled.  We then opted instead for the Snoqualmie Riesling, which was somewhat sweet, with a hint of cherries.We tried the HH Caesar Salad for $5.00 and the HH Spaghetti, also for $5.00. The salad came with some of the most delicious croutons that had a smokey taste we have ever had.  A definite must.  The spaghetti was equally interesting and flavorful.  The meatballs must be cooked in a marinara, and has a complexed layering taste which was different than the pasta sauce, which has a hint of fennel. Wow.Next we ordered the Margherita Pizza ($11.00) off the Dinner menu, see photos. It was very good but we found the cheese slipped off when you bit into a wedge. For dessert, we each ordered the Gelato scoop for $3.00 and the Tiramisu for $6.00, both off the dinner menu.  I've taken pictures of the Titamisu.  It came in a glass ramekin with an amazing amount of delicious mascarpone cheese and flavorful Kahlua.PRICES:Our petite Happy Hour dinner of six items, ran us $41.50 before taxes and gratuities.  It also included the bottle ($23.00, 50% off) of Riesling, which our wonderful server Vail re-corked for us. As we left, the parking lot was full with a dozen cars waiting to be parked.Enjoy!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/29/2013,173,19,5,7,10>Ok......now this has been the best sushi spot so far since I've moved here!! The setup inside is good for a late night hang out in the bar section and the dinning area is open inside and outside. The sushi bar is decent as well. The service is solid. The hostesses at the front are really polite and accommodating. On Friday and Saturday nights it can get a little busy but the wait has never been to long. I've never waited for more than 20mins. The menu is pretty robust. They have a large selection of rolls and seafood dishes that are amazing.... I recommend the shrimp & scallop entree. You won't regret it. I have tried many rolls and non have ever been a disappointment. All in all I would have to say that this is the best sushi in town. If anyone can top this spot please let me know!! GO SUSHI!!!!!!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,11/28/2013,70,413,8,10,9>Lobbys has gotten even better since my first visit 2 years ago. They now have ice cream shakes to wash down their awesome food.  Woohoo! I have come here many times since that first visit and always enjoy the cheeseburgers.Today I tried the Italian Beef sandwich. Overflowing with tender, tasty beef. You can add sweet or hot peppers. I got the au jus on the side for dipping (keeps the hard roll from getting soggy). Cost was $6 for the sandwich and $3 for the chocolate shake. Still freakishly clean for a burger place and parking is close to the door. The employees were friendly. BONUS POINTS: They open at 10am! Great local business that beats the chains hands down.The only improvement I can think of would be the addition of kid's sized portions. When I bring my grandkids I end up having to split the order. That can get kind of messy. Also, many seniors don't have a big enough appetite for the hearty portions served here and could benefit from a smaller portion as well.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,11/27/2013,442,101,7,8,9>I have a lot of love for this Four Peaks location.  It all started when I moved to Arizona 7 years ago and lived right down the street from Four Peaks and a few years after that it was the first place that I met Paul V. (my fiance).  This was a usual place for my friends and I to come for some food and drinks.  Some of my favorite foods here include the 5 Layer Nacho Dip with Chicken, Spinach Artichoke Dip (spicy), Grilled Chicken Beer Bread with french fries (my favorite item), Portabella Veggie Beer Bread, and the Reuben.  I really like the atmosphere and the service is usually pretty good.  Once in awhile the service can get slow, but overall it's OK.  My favorite beer here is the 8th Street Ale, but the Hefeweizen comes in pretty close too.  If you are coming here to watch a game, come early because it gets packed.If you're looking for a chill place to have some beer or even food, I'd check it out!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,6/29/2009,448,260,13,13,12>Kudos Karsh's! Recently, for Stevey P's birthday, a friend suggested getting him a cake with a photo of his favorite person: Brenda Dickson. If you don't know who she is, search for her on You Tube. Then, search for "Brenda Dickson parody" and watch that. Now you're in the loop. I volunteered to take care of ordering the cake. Little did I know just how difficult it would be to find a bakery in Phoenix that makes photo cakes! I finally stumbled upon Karsh's and was pleasantly surprised not only by the fact that they made photo cakes, but by how friendly and competent the person I ordered from was. They proved this ten times over when they didn't laugh when I said that I wanted the cake to say "Welcome to My Face." Like I said--you have to watch the video to understand. Anyway, the prices were also very reasonable: it was only $40 for a photo cake with chocolate cake and chocolate filling that would feed 8-12. Also, I only ordered a few days in advance and they said it would be no problem to have the cake ready in time. My great experience with Karsh's was complete when I went to pick up the cake and had the woman on duty ask me what "Welcome to My Face" meant. I told her exactly what I told you, my trusty Yelper: watch the video. Once you do, you'll understand. And if you don't, well we'll still have our memory of the delicious chocolatey cake with the face of a wannabe fashion icon who tattoos eyebrows on cats.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,6/28/2009,109,425,7,8,8>I need more of this pizza, you hear me, MORE!I have to admit after reading these reviews here, I had higher expectations for this restaurant than probably anywhere else I've been. For the most part, Pizza A Metro lived up to the expectations.  In some ways, it even exceeded.We ordered the gnocchi and whatever pizza had the artichokes on it, and split everything. It was all delicious. The dough has the perfect flavor, and with what other reviews said, it was definitely cooked with tap water. Spend any time in NYC and you will realize that all great pizza is cooked with shitty tap water, and that makes or breaks the pizza. The gnocchi was amazingly light, fluffy, and had a great sauce. I don't care how small a portion it was, it was fucking delicious. Even the bread before the meal was better than I expected, with a delicious mix of eggplant, olives, onions, and good. I counted exactly 20 seats, so this is a b a d place for groups, and it was all but deserted on a monday night. Good for us, we got our food quickly, and had a good time. I ordered a canoli before we left and wolfed that son of a bitch in about 3 seconds. Perfect flavors of amaretto and chocolate. The night went great, and I will definitely go back here plenty of times. One bite of the pizza and I knew it was my new favorite in town. I now go in this order 1. Metro 2. Bianco 3. Cibo 4. NYPD 5. Grazie
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,6/25/2009,375,90,20,23,21>I recently had one of the worst days of my life and that's not an exaggeration. I received some really bad news mid day, mid week and kinda walked around in a fog until I get off work at 5:00pm. In a Xanax induced coma; tired and starving due to skipping lunch I happened upon Lucky Boy. I've been meaning to stop in for awhile but just never made it happen.Now, I'm not one of those chicks that drowns her sorrows in french fries and ice cream, quite the opposite actually so I figured I'd take advantage of my appetite. I ordered an "international burger" and fries and some sort of large carbonated beverage. It was wonderful. The fries were crispy and perfectly salted and the burger was one of the best I've had in a very long time. The ingredients were fresh and the price was right. I'm sure there are better burgers out there, but I can't think of any. I ate the whole fucking thing and was actually sad when the experience was over. I'll be back soon to gorge myself on some other menu items. Maybe I'll wait for PMS to kick in, maybe I wont. All I have to say is this- there is something comforting about smothering your insides in cheese and oil. Lucky Boy may not solve all of your problems, but it fills the void in your tummy without having to prepare a meal when you are out of your flippin mind.And that's something....
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,6/24/2009,216,161,16,12,10>My bug killer of choice. Hands down, he gets the job done. I some criteria for my bug killers - first, I don't need any pesticides that will wipe out things I want to keep like pets and kids and he gets that. So great with the pesticides and no overkill if you know what I mean. I had a bad, really bad, termite problem in an old office of mine and he took care of it and I did not have to vacate or even interrupt work. At the house, we have a cockroach problem...I know the envy you feel in your heart, or maybe its' revulsion is huge but it is an irrigated lot and there are way more of them than there of me.   Again, took care of it and everything else in the yard is still doing just fine! We have a huge beehive and I had some misgivings with that - should they stay or maybe they were crazed and they should go...I didn't want to be staggering around my play pool with a 'rita and be attacked in my bathing suit and he checked it out and the bees are staying, again I like his no overkill approach! Try it, you will be bug and relatively pesticide free.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,6/23/2009,123,110,11,16,16>Phoenix royalty is in the 'slope! These guys, without question, are los reyes. They are not screwing around by making such a claim. People love the huaraches, which are gigantic corm tortillas covered with white cheese, red or green salsa, and mushrooms (hongos) or various meaty choices. I've had the huarache with mushrooms and the version with carne asada. I've also had the mouth-watering shrimp burrito. All are delicious, but...The tortas are where it's at. I mean, they strike some kind of poetic balance that resists duplication. The sandwiches have a variety of toppings and fillings, and are served on a beautiful bolillo roll. I'm partial to the milanesa (breaded chicken or beef). There's something about the mild crunch of the filling that combines with the smoothness of the avocado and the kick of the jalapeno. Fantastic.Los reyes also deliver on the beverage front. The make their own fresh juice, so there are quite a few options for aguas frescas, licuados, etc. One thing worth trying is the vampiro: orange, carrot, celery, beet, and pineapple juices. The vampiro will probably cure the most intractable ailment.The restaurant is also bustling and fun. Servers are friendly and multi-lingual. If you live in Sunnyslope, check the place out immediately. If not, it's worth a trip!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,6/22/2009,275,351,13,15,14>Q: The best selection of beers on tap? A: Boulder's.            I resisted this place for as long as I could, pedaling past it furiously, thinking "God, that place looks like it SUCKS", always opting for PV. But then... like one day I finally noticed the giant stencil of a bicycle painted near the door. I could hear the chords from "The Neverending Story" everytime they showed the serpent symbol. I was curious. Then one night I noticed some skinny guys in flannel shirts, black frames laughing and casually pulling their bicycles INSIDE of Boulders.        My roommates were meeting up some friends at Boulder's and I just had to join them. I walked in to see a gigantic space, really pretty overwhelming. They recently added a beam to the bicycle space so you can hang your bike up (I have a heavy old vintage frame so I park poor Charley against the wall), and you get overwhelmed by the space: 1) There are roomes located down the stairs to your left. Unless it is very busy and a lot of servers, you will be not noticed down there-tons of booths and lights, like an old western Pizza Hut 2) Up the stairs is kind of a low roof-ceilinged room with long tables perfect for big groups of friends eating pizza, drinking beer (once again, clear it with the wait staff) and on the other side a pool table you can overlook the bar crowd like a lil patio 3) the main room down the stairs where the bar is with rows of high tables that spill out down another pair of stairs to another pool table and more booths.We usually just pick a table right behind the bar if possible so you get fast service-but we love the wait staff here and they are always willing to give a sample, talk about the beer, discuss the specials in details, etc.Now, regarding the decor-it is weird. It is like a ski lodge/pizza hut/old cabin sports bar, etc. It is just a fish out of water here in Tempe. But don't hold the decor against it (think about how many people ever go inside of Casey Moore's and how dank and ground round-ish and kinda gross it is inside), since for all you supposed beer snobs, it really is more about the beer.The beer. OMG. I was stunned when I first came here-you mean you specialize in DogFishHead seasonal drafts? Great White? Shark Attack? Fat Tire and Sam Adams seasonals? I mean, I can't even begin to tell you about the beers b/c there are too many to talk about! And that isn't including bottles and cans they have and rotate frequently. Come here once a week and you are guaranteed a new beer on tap to try. In fact, coming here made me less of a fan of Casey's! I realized how much that bar is coasting by on reputation and smokers on the patio b/c their mixed drinks are weak, their food is pricey for what it is, and they never have any good specials on their boring beer on tap! Here, they have happy hour and reverse happy hour specials, and a different meal deal every night of the week!Plus, I can never have that much bar food anyway, but I do like their Bar Stuff platter w/fried zucchini, onion rings, mozz stix, etc. And their pizza really is good! Like they have this one with avocado, bacon and french onion rings, omg it is the bomb-and their plan pizza is good too. The guys like the sandwiches, but I never really come here for dinner, more like a late weekday night beer and snack, relax with friends, and pedal back home.On weekends it is becoming packed, but stop by here a late Tuesday and check it out.Oh, and yes, sometimes people play terrible music on the jukebox-but that is b/c this is a real person bar, not a hipster bar (yet), and they like some shitty music, okay? And it is an internet jukebox, not a cool one like at Shady's-but sometimes someone plays Snoop's "Sensual Seduction" and it just feels right, okay?"Gonna take my time, tyyyyyiiimmee"
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,6/21/2009,197,182,15,19,16>i'm giving turf 4 stars for now, i expect 5 stars will be on a follow up.first time here and i have to say i already love the place, its within a 7 minute walk from my apartment and that is something i have been dreaming of since i first signed a lease. my only full bar options are Portlands (meh) and carley's (good god no!!) and the bikini (way too far to stumble home, and HIPSTER) and sidebar (close, but not really stumble home close). so here i am meeting my roomie for drinks after work, i walk in and wow. i expected allot worse from the reviews from John V and Pierre. let me correct the misconceptions, its not in any way empty space, yes it's not overly crowded (yet) but i had a mental picture of the brickhouse empty. it is nothing like that. the floor plan is laid out with seating for sit down comfort..split with a bar and tall bar sit up tables. i was also expecting barren walls. but from what i can tell there wasn't a barren wall in the building.as far as pierre, i havn't trusted a review of his since i read his review of Sing High (god awful) so his interpretation of a dive bar is completely off. after reading his review i expected to walk into an updated classy newsroom..but was surprised to find a complete opposite. just a nice bar with a really friendly staff.the seating at the bar is attractive green tweed swivel stools. (tweed..what is more irish then that?) adjacent to the bar is a comfortable seating area with leather arm chairs and high back booths. the prices are far below what i expected. 8 bucks for a sandwich and fries. completely acceptable. this is certainly going to be my go to bar. i expect many years of being trashed and being sweeped out the front door at 2am. turf thank you for opening, and thank you for the quaint patio for the smokers of the downtown area. much appreciated.after i get my shit together, expect me here weekly, in fact i'll forward my calls to this place like Norm on cheers.5 star review surely in the future. bless you.oh and since i know you will read this, it was nice to meet you Melissa.come on downtown yelpers, this WILL be the bar you are at on a regular.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,6/20/2009,690,342,17,19,16>Hanny's ... you have quite the tasty Riesling. But...your service leaves a tad bit to be desired.On the flip side, you have hot hot hot bartenders, so I really don't mind the wait (sorry DG).My favorite thing about you is your bathrooms. I mean, I really really love the bathrooms. Actually, I love the entire place. If I were going to open a bar, I would want it to look exactly like Hanny's. Well, except the meat cutter at the bar, because I am vegetarian. Perhaps I would get an industrial strength cheese cutter. (ha ha ... cheese cutter!)Ooooo another bonus... you are right off of the light rail and you normally have parking available right outside... therefore I consider you to be in a good location.Yeah, Hanny's ... I love you. Quite a bit. Let's go steady.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,6/19/2009,74,238,9,12,14>It is so refreshing to have Euro stuff on the east side. Get out and drive on down to Pastis, it is located just off of the US-60 in Mesa and is not to be missed by fans of color, flavor and meaty goodness.Basic impression: Multicultural cuisine served by multicultural staff in a relaxed and welcoming environment. The service my party experienced was friendly, talkative, doting without being clingy, and well versed in the menu. The menu is without pretense and easy to navigate. The crepes are delightful, way too big, and otherwise a nice way to top off a meat-and-potatoes ribsticking entree or luscious sandwich. The spice and flavor palettes are well thought out and applied perfectly, if anything the hotness of some spices has room for improvement but they are preparing Balkan/Mountain Slav food for Americans so there have to be some sacrifices made to find middle ground. The veggie stuffed and cheese stuffed pork tenderloins are awesome. Portions are incredibly generous and make for great leftovers. It is taking a lot of willpower to not just delete the body of this review and replace it with NOM NOM NOM GO TO PASTIS IT IS HELLA GREAT NOM NOM NOM.The grocery section of Pastis made for some interesting shopping as it was really a Paneuropean selections ranging from ajvar (hot and mild, think Serbian salsa), to Milka chocolate, to Colman's mustard (exceptional English mustard), and a delightful range of lemonades from France. Be prepared to spend extra time and money on your Pastis experience because of the coldcut case full of sausages and cheeses.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,6/17/2009,129,543,14,15,13>I should probably give in and up this review to 5 stars but I want to go back and right an update where I use LOADS of exclamation points, so I'll stick with 4 stars for today. That said: !!!!!!!!! and to follow up: yummmm. I stopped by for lunch and sat on the front patio which was perfect since the the sun was diffused, there was a breeze and I could eyeball other people's meals while I waited. My server was Sam who is probably the most gregarious server I've had in a long time. That was great because I was dining alone and he made me feel like I was not a loser. I ordered the Corn Gorditas ($9) and the Taro Fries ($7) and was pleased with both. My only regret was using the fries' two dipping sauces because it numbed my pallate a little in terms of appreciating the nuances of the gorditas, which were a little small for a $9 appetizer but all the same, very complete in their blend of flavors and textures. Then I took my meal to the next level by ordering dessert. I'm not sure "orgasm in my mouth" is a family-friendly term but nonetheless it applies to the pumpkin bread pudding ($6) I ordered. As if pumpkin needed any help, The Mission soaks it in a caramel sauce and sprinkles it with pepitas and pomegranate seeds after adding a heaping scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. orgasm.in.my.mouth. I only wished there were a few more pomegranate seeds tossed on there because their tart juice really contrasted beautifully. I tried not to moan out loud as I ate it. So the Mission isn't cheap, not by a long stretch, but what is created in that kitchen is culinary artwork, and combined with their very friendly staff and cozy atmosphere, I think the Mission is doing everything right.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,7/29/2012,53,102,6,7,6>Finally made it here!  I've had this place book marked for several months when another yelper saw my  reviews for fish tacos and sent me a note to try this place out. What a great find. We started off with chips and salsa. They asked if we wanted the habanero sauce, and we tried it - let me tell you HOT!I tried the fish taco and the calamari taco. The fish was deep fried, which I like, a good portion. It didn't have too much cabbage and was it topped with tarter sauce, again a nice portion. The calamari taco also had fried calamari, topped with a little bit of cabbage and a chipotle sauce. Both were very good. I have to say I would have preferred another sauce over the tarter sauce, so next time I will order the fish with the chipotle sauce. They also offer a blackened fish (grilled) and shrimp tacos (grilled), which I want to try as well. of course, I don't go anywhere without trying Dave's, so I took a bite of his beef burrito, and it was good. It needed a little of the Cholula Chipotle Flavored hot sauce, but otherwise, good flavor. of course we washed all this down with a couple of DOS EQUIS XX.We had the opportunity to speak to one of the owners because it was late on a Monday night. He is an extremely nice guy. They just opened another location on Scottsdale and Shea, and both are family run. They take a great deal of pride in their food and service, and you can tell.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,7/28/2012,540,167,22,16,13>Have you ever played that dumb drinking game "Never Have I Ever..."?Now, when I play that game, and some dick wad says, "Never have I ever been poked by a dude..." well, guess who drinks now?! Or do I not drink? I can't remember how the game works. Some asshole just walked by me at Lux with a goddamned bow tie. Man.Anyway, I got both nostrils pierced because one time when I was 16 tender years old, this girl I had a crush on said off-handedly that Lenny Kravitz was the hottest man on Earth, so I studied him and saw that he was indeed a sexy bitch. So I sought for the next 17 years to emulate him. First, when i was 16, I went and found the only man in Arizona that knew how to do dreads for the white folk among us because at the time he had beautiful flowing dreads. When you're trying to dread out your hair, you have two choices, tease it until you have full body chills from the pain, put wax in it, and pray. Or just don't shower. I took the first route and loved them with all my heart until they came out in the ocean about a week after I got them. The ocean is still on my "Fight on Sight" list. Ok... did you know that Lenny even had his pubes dreaded at one point. Gooooooogle it. I didn't have the cojones hairs to pull that off. Back to the story. He also had both nostrils pierced. This was a tougher sell. But after 17 years, I decided that's the only way I could ever live up to Lenny's legend in my own mind. So I went for a consultation. When I told people I got a consultation, they laughed like it's just such an easy decision that doesn't require any thought-inquiry. You know who didn't laugh? Those mother fuckers over at Halo. They were really helpful for about 45 minutes worth of questions. Now, I don't know if you've ever noticed, but I'm really fucking good looking. A veritable Adonis. And so I was worried about scarring my near perfect countenance. So I decided to do it after speaking to the Halos. Halons? Halites? So, Fate is ridiculously funny, and made my pet bird (Cotty, I love you!) attack my nose like the day after I decided to pierce it, after waiting for 17 years worrying about scarring. And now I have a scar on the bridge of my nose and two pierced nostrils, which I love soooooo much. My friend Parisa said "Only Ana may poke me." This made me curious. Jeremiah, hopefully spelled like that, pierced me and it was superly duperly legit. Can't recommend him highly enough. Professional. Funny. Clean. Talented. But he also said that I had to engrain on my subconscious that I had to sleep on my back with my hoop DEE hoop. And after about three weeks I started to get a little blastocarinostupidima bump. Inexplicably. So I went to see them again and this time I had Ana I she basically said, "My dick is bigger than yours. Shut the fuck up and listen. You're sleeping on your side you little maggot." All in a tough guy Australian accent. And I was forced to surrender the cool hoop for another stud and now i'm walking around with two studs and no hoop. Until it heals. Then I shall return and the hoop will reemerge victorious and I'll finally grow the balls to tell Ana what's up. Until then, trust no one. Else.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2012,7/27/2012,741,230,4,6,9>This place was perfect...cute place, in a great location. Loved the inside and the patio area. Service here was great all around, servers were friendly and took good care of us on our visit.I had the wingless buffalo dip and I would order that dish a million times and not get tired of it, perfect munchie food too. For my entree I had the Bleu Inside Out Burger and it was amazing, dripping with juicy goodness from the burger and the cheese. I also tried some of my daughter's Salmon BLT, and it was superb. I can't wait to come back here and try some of their other dishes. Happy hour specials are great, I had $3 house wine and most of the appetizers are $5, get over there and try it out.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,7/26/2012,736,547,6,8,10>I've been to North a few times in the past month. I really like the open air feeling of the restaurant. It is amazing that this cute Italian farm house used to be an old car wash. The staff is pretty awesome and I have always enjoyed the food. Last time for breakfast I had the egg scramble, it was a beautiful surprise of fluffy eggs hugging asparagus and peas. I devoured the entire thing.  The happy hour is amazing, it is Monday-Friday 3-6 PM and All-Day Sunday. Last time for happy hour I got the $2 spicy nuts, $2 green olives and $5 chardonnay. Can't beat that.. I have to hand it to Sam Fox, he's scored again.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,7/25/2012,175,67,6,14,13>Old world ambiance in a retro-vintage space with a modern touch and a killer chef. Fabulous indeed. The fine folks from FnB are taking over Old Town with their local-loving style and three fresh concepts: Baratin, Bodega, and AZ Wine Merchants. The focus, as always, is great food, great drinks, and great vibes. And no one would be able to pull it together so beautifully as the FnB team. Baratin is that quaint café you stumble across while exploring the streets of Paris - or in this case, the Kiva Center courtyard on 5th Avenue in Scottsdale. Peeking through those sky-high windows, you will catch a glimpse of casual, café dining at its finest. Clean lines, reclaimed Ponderosa wood bar and tables, a mixture of vintage and modern fixtures, and intriguing art set an intimate tone that warms the room. In its very small space, Baratin is set up to serve a clientele looking for a casual yet intimate place to stop for bite to eat. Baratin will serve the best that Arizona has to offer in a few ever-changing plates: A snack, a salad, a veggie, a meat/cheese plate, a sandwich, and a dessert, served alongside an ever-changing menu of half bottles of wine, local beer, and dainty cocktails. You can choose your seat to overlook the lovely courtyard and take in the vibe, or you can sit at the bar to watch the magic unfold. With only 28 seats, you will always be in the best seat in the house.Fact: anything that Charlene Badman makes, you will love. The opening sandwich was amazing: Tender Belly bacon, butternut squash, goat cheese, greens and crispy onion on focaccia. The veggie was amazing: grilled broccoli with fried egg, whole grain mustard aioli, butter croutons and olives. And the citrus marinated olives served with grilled bread was, of course, amazing. With its changing menu and very reasonable price point, I imagine Baratin will be a place to stop in (very) frequently to satisfy those foodie cravings and share a bottle of wine. As FnB's flirty younger sister, Baratin is definitely catching my attention.Before you leave, take the tour of the small Bodega. You'll find a tiny foodie paradise filled with delicious Charlene creations, locally-sourced veggies, cheeses, oils, and meats. There are adorable aprons for sale, and Sweet Republic ice cream. What more could you need? Baratin-Bodega-AZ Wine Merchants - one-stop for all of your local, foodie-loving needs.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,7/23/2012,1,9,3,52,40>We used these guys to cater street tacos for our daughter's 1yo birthday party.If you have an upcoming event and need awesome food and great service at a great price, use Taqueria Guadalajara.  These are legit street tacos.   Hector was my contact person, and he was very accomodating and professional. We ended up increasing the guest list significantly near the party, and it was no problem. 4 types of meat are included - went with carne asada, chicken, chorizo, and al pastor (pork). All four were good, but the consensus was that the al pastor was the best.    David came out to our house and set up about an hour before food was to be served. He started grilling, and set out the vegetable bar, which was huge. There were pickled onions, carrots/jalapeno, some sort of slaw, lettuce, pico de gallo, onions, and green and red salsas. David was extremely courteous, and stayed to serve until the last person was done eating - in 100 degree heat outside. Cleanup was great, you wouldn't even know they were there.   I gave 4 stars instead of 5 because David did leave a "Tips" box out on the table. My feeling is that at a catered party, it is the host's responsibility to tip for good service. Expecting the guests to tip is a little awkward. Just my opinion, but not a huge deal. Would use them again in a heartbeat, as will many of my guests.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,7/22/2012,37,777,3,12,5>Kelly's just opened up this week and is off to a good start.  They have a great corner location with one of the best front patios in Scottsdale.  I've had drinks at the bar and on the patio and loved both visits.  Nice menu, good drinks and super friendly service.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,7/21/2012,236,133,12,7,5>I had to meet someone here because I had to interview him for this thing I am writing about him. You might have seen me. I was the guy dressed like pre-success David Foster Wallace. The contract scrawled on a napkin and signed at the bar before the passing of an envelope of money prevents me from giving any more detail. Also this story makes me seem way more awesome when it's left a little blurry... blurry like I started to get after a few strongly poured cocktails at the bar. Thank FSM I had my tape recorder rolling.Also thank goodness the meal was in the contract, because the place aint cheap. But a rare prime rib, crispy on the outside baked potato, oysters, crazy good bread, are worth it if you have it. I just soaked the front of my shirt with my Pavlovian salivation.This place is classy as hell and all Rat Pack feeling. Yeah, I assume every review of this place has some reference to the Rat Pack in it but I didn't read any so I'm not going to feel bad about it. I don't know how I managed to make it to 30 before my first trip here. I'm a Phoenix kid and it's a Phoenix staple. The crowd was a little Luby's but I like old people. It's cool.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/20/2012,346,210,5,10,8>This location is in the hood but I don't care. I will go anywhere for Carolina's tacos! I don't know what they do to the tacos here but they are like crack. I could eat them everyday! With rice and beans and a side of sour cream. I can't get myself to order anything else. This Mexican food joint lives up to the hype.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/19/2012,273,264,4,13,6>How can you not want to eat here?! The sign says "Breakfast, Lunch, Bacon"!!!I had a chorizo and egg burrito that was really tasty.I also had a maple bacon donut that very nearly put me in a (delicious and satisfactory) sugar coma!The patio was wonderful, the service punctual, and the company was the best!I will be back!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2007,1/3/2008,31,0,5,4,6>This is the pure Phoenix equivalent of half a dozen interchangeable Castro gift shops. So instead of everything being penis-shaped and emblazoned with arch sayings, everything at Go Kat Go has some relationship to Mexican tattoos (except for the tiki corner) and is emblazoned with ironic mottos. The amount of Bettie Page implicated in each venture is -- surprisingly -- exactly the same.Go Kat Go also carries an assortment of vintage mid-century modern furniture and pottery, as well as a large selection of vintage pulp fiction and a collection of hilarious reproductions from pin-up calendars that will cause an incredible cat-fight when your Riot Grrrl friend with the dyed-black hair hangs one in the kitchen, and your most humorless pal in the women's studies department at ASU catches a glimpse of it. Fortunately, you'll be ready to hurl coasters decorated with Mexican tattoos at them until they stop, and you can choose among several stylish designs for the bottle opener you'll use to decant cerveza when everyone quiets down.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,1/2/2008,67,156,,4,2>This is a new dog friendly cafe & used bookstore that opened near my house.  My pooch is a bit too high-strung to enjoy a quiet cafe setting, so I took my husband along instead. The food was pretty good!  I had a delicious raspberry & white chocolate scone and some of their black iced tea.  The tea was fresh brewed, but kinda bitter.  He had a bagel (which they get from Chompies).I dig home grown coffeeshops, so this is a welcome edition to the neighborhood.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,1/1/2008,67,33,,5,6>I'm perhaps a little biased as I dj at this bar on Wednesday nights, but this is one of my favorite local hangouts. I love the dark lounge lighting and wooden bar. The bartenders here are always friendly and there's something going on every night of the week.Hopefully people will begin to venture slightly south of downtown without fear of the area. The Ruby Room is definitely a safe place to hang out. Hopefully the Ruby Room can get some beer on tap soon, as that's really all I feel is missing from this bar. If you're looking for a bar with a lot of local character that doesn't have any of the bullshit that can be associated with going out, you should do yourself a favor and check out the Ruby Room.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2007,12/31/2007,332,375,2,4,6>Write-ons is a girls dream come true.  Wait, I take that back... it's a girly girl's dream come true.  High end stationary and gifts for all the loved ones in life.  Not just stationary, but house warming type gifts, of candles, journals, kn-icky knacks, appetizer plates, party supplies and all sorts of fun stuff! We ordered our wedding invitations here... they have a wide variety of choices in all budgets.  We were impressed with the selection.  We have not received our invites yet, they should be ready in about 10 days.   I am so excited to see how they turned out!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/9/2007,12/30/2007,325,381,2,2,2>I'll tell you what - wandering around this place looking at clothes gave me the feeling that none of this junk was ever sold at Nordstroms. It all looked like rejected lines of clothing. I'm thinking the Rack is to Nordstroms what Old Navy is to the Gap... if I've got that right. I just think it's another branding where they can sell less-attractive or fashionable clothes for seemingly less money. Although, if I were to get a suit - I'd certainly give this place a go because suits are all the same and they have pretty decent prices on nice suits. Dress shirts as well - which also are all the same as far as I'm concerned. For hipper clothes, I don't think this place has much going for it. They have all the name brands you would expect to find, but the lines they carry aren't hip and recent memory tells me most of that stuff hasn't been hip. You can certainly find better bargains at thrift stores and second hand shops and the clothes are about as stylish. Also, having been to Off 5th Avenue at Arizona Mills, I can say that that place has a much more contemporary and 'hip' selection of clothes and at a better price I think. This is just my opinion as a guy - women might have a different experience.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,12/29/2007,189,42,11,3,7>My wife and my first kiss was in the Roadhouse!  She accused me of overly thinking through things, at which point I had drank enough beers to spontaniously make out with her.  We made others uncomfortable and I had her lipstick smeared all over my face, FIVE STARS!!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2007,12/28/2007,197,146,1,5,5>If this place wasn't so darn convenient I might never come back. Despite being pissed off EVERY time I come here, I continue to come back again and again. In Zen 32's defense, they do have:+ A great location+ Very fresh fish+ Low carb rolls+ Possibly the best tuna in town+ Creative and tasty specialty rolls+ Good sushi selection+ Neat little complimentary sunomo type appetizer+  A really good drink menu (yummy plum wine!)+ A great happy hour+ Great atmosphereUnfortunately these great plusses are often overshadowed by these annoying minuses:- Long wait for a table, even when several tables are empty- Rude/clueless hostesses- Rude/clueless manager- Crazy overzealous water misters that soak your table (outdoors)- Most uncomfortable outdoor seating. Ever- About 2 really good waitresses, and about 10 clueless waitresses - Wait staff has no idea what is in the specialty rolls- Long wait for food- Confusing happy hour rules- Tables really close together- Disappointing desserts- Disappointing appetizersSo basically you have to do the math and see if the +'s outweigh the -'s. I think they do, so you will probably see me there this week.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2007,12/27/2007,26,116,2,3,4>She's a brick house .....I F'n Love this place! First and foremost, it's downtown, anytime I can hang out in a place in Phoenix and see the city skyline, I am excited. Anytime I can be at a place and feel comfortable and cozy, I am excited. Anytime I can be in a place that is older than my Car (2003) I am excited.  The Roosevelt is like a good friend's cool house, and really is just that!    They have small rooms with tables, and chairs, and even a room with a dining room table.  The bar area is very small, This is probably not the most entertaining place to go solo, as it's hard to chat up patrons when they are at their private tables. I think the mingling factor is low here, because it's setup like a house. However, It is completely quaint and charming, and is the perfect place for a date, or small group of friends to chill for a night. I am not sure, but I don't think they had any outdoor seating (I could be wrong) If they do, I bet it's nice.  The beer selection is wide, and the prices are very good. They have an eclectic food menu consisting of Pub style choices, and snacks that compliment the beers they serve. They have a very extensive wine list, and have many international beers, as well as a variety of local brews. I had the Oatmeal Stout, and almost shed a tear when I took my first sip and felt a little bit of ice particles in the foam, it was perfectly chilled, and amazingly smooth. All  I know is this place is amazingly cool, and quite a unique place giving this is the Valley of the New. The crowd is mellow, and the service is fast and friendly. I went the Saturday after First Friday, which I was told by my waitress, is very busy (First Friday that is) She stated "you can't even walk around in here." However, "The Saturday after is usually pretty quiet." I arrived around 9:45pm, and stayed for an hour, and the place started to fill up quickly. One downside, they only have 1 unisex bathroom, which must be a nightmare when they are super busy. Besides that, the street parking is ample and the street is well lit. They had an on duty officer hanging out near the place, so I would be careful drinking and driving, besides being a friend cop, and keeping us protected, he is probably looking for people stumbling to their car, and could be the eyes for a patrol cars in the area.  The cop actually came in and hug a couple patrons, and chatted them up. "Bad boys, Bad Boys, whacha gonna do, whacha gonna do when they come for you...."
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2007,12/26/2007,47,130,5,5,5>I ventured the 10 miles to this store as I could not wait for the one to open near my house.  It was definitely worth the drive.  The first thing I noticed was the fact that there were not ads all over and busy clutter overwhelming your senses like regular grocery stores.  Sean M. hit it on the head, it is a lot like a small warehouse store.  They have all the usual staples your supermarket has, even cleaning and pet supplies.  BUT what makes this place special are the good quality food items at very reasonable prices.  The produce is prepackaged but it is all such good quality you won't be getting just one good tomato out of your pack of four.  They have berries, herbs, vegetables, prepackaged salads and their own dressings.One warning about the prepackaged food, do not assume that this food is fresh and HEALTHY.  The few meals I picked up packed quite a fat and calorie punch.  I am not one to complain when fat is used for flavor, but just be aware that you are not necessarily getting low fat food here.  Speaking of which, I bought the truffle mousse that is made with chicken liver and duck fat and I seriously would consider spreading this on wood and eating it the stuff is so good. Its not even remotely good for you, but its DELICIOUS.  They have a lot of wine here that appears to be bottled or imported specifically for Fresh & Easy.  They also have a lot of varietals you don't see as much in your grocery store for really good prices.  I bought a bottle of Italian Primitivo for $5!  I haven't tried it yet but for $5 I couldn't pass it up.The checkouts are self serve but the employees bag for you and also are right there to assist if you have any problems.  I don't know about you, but I played store when I was a kid, so the self checkout is kind of fun.  Buying alcohol slows you down as you have to have an employee come over for the age verification.I give this 4 out of five stars because I think the self checkout is great for me, but not great for everyone.  There were some folks who were noticeably put off by the system.   Also, the beer selection is pretty bad.  They have a nice selection of wines but just your usual green bottles for imports and the crappy macro domestic garbage.If you want to see what I bought, here ya go:flickr.com/photos/dulama…
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2007,12/24/2007,208,450,,3,2>I like Four Peaks. I really do. I like that is about a five minute walk from my apartment. I like both the Sunbru and 8th Street Ale. I like the $2.75 beers during happy hour and all day on Sunday.  I like to watch football there on Sundays because they show a lot of games, even if it is a Minnesota Vikings hangout.What I do not really like at Four Peaks is the food. Brunch was just OK. I had the Brewer's Breakfast (basically your good ole American breakfast), and I hated the country potatoes. I don't want my hash browns to taste only like bell peppers. The three things on the dinner menu I have found I really like and will order every time we go are the french fries, beer bread, and shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta. However, there is not enough bread in the bruschetta as we seem to have tons of toppings left, so typically we have to use pita bread from the hummus to finish the food.  The caesar salad is just OK and my husband likes the fish and chips but they are not the best he has ever had.For appetizers and a few beers, Four Peaks is great epecially if you get a seat on the patio on a nice day.  For dinner, not so much.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,2/28/2010,411,271,14,17,16>Pho.  I've missed it since moving to Arizona.  Tragic, I know.  Recently I became fixated on it.  Had to have it.  For a week it was pretty much the only meal I could think about.  Where, oh where to get it in Phoenix?  Lucky for me, I know people.  People who know where to go to feed my need for Pho.  Da Vang!Right when we walked into Da Vang, I knew it was going to be good.  It just looked, well, like it was supposed to.  A little worn, and more utilitarian than attractive - you know that everyone comes for the food, not the decor.The menu is pretty extensive - almost overwhelming, and conveniently numbered for people like me who would butcher the pronunciation of the dishes.  I should have taken more time to review, but I was on a mission.  A Pho-king mission and I wasn't leaving without it.To start, we enjoyed deliciously fresh spring rolls - one type with shrimp (#48) and the other with BBQ pork (#49).  Both were prepared with crisp refreshing mint leaves and went oh so well with the peanut dipping sauce.  Heaven!The beautiful big bowl of seafood pho (#12) that was placed before me was well worth waiting for.  Oh!  Shrimp, crab, squid and more!  Bathed in a succulent broth and surrounded by a hearty portion of rice-stick (thin) noodles.  Love these!  Seeing my friend's noodle envy, I surrendered a portion to add to his Pho, which came with thicker noodles (and looked awesome, too).  I like the burn, so I heated up my broth with chili sauce, sriracha, lime juice and even a couple jalapeno slices.  After a few bites my lips were on fire - perfect!My only regret is that there was no way that I could even consider dessert.  Physically impossible after all of the amazing food I had consumed.  I am sure they would have been good.  Well, I just have a reason to go back!Well worth the drive.  Da Vang, I know where to find you now, and plan on seeing you often!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,2/27/2010,540,167,17,14,14>Rachel, our server, is a historian. And she's historically accurate, which is to say, she's the reason we now dine here on the blood of enemies after our hockey games instead of Four Peaks. Pete, one of the other servers, accused her faking the other reviews about this place for her benefit. Well, it's true, I am Rachel and I have obtained Elite status as Richard Z, Brad E and Dallas G For the purpose of self promoting. It's taken me two years but it was well worth it. Meanwhile, the veggie burger is good, the onion rings are as well, and the wii and the $60,000 live action video game system make me stay for more abuse from Richie Z. Brad E beat me really hard in a sword fight last week as well.   It's good. If you're here, eat here.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,2/26/2010,391,272,29,13,13>So, an update with another fun conversation from Drift.Standing at the bar waiting for my drink, I turn to see some guy smiling at me and tipping his drink in my direction as if to say hello.Me: "What are you drinking?"Guy: "Beer."Me: (duh) "What kind of beer?"Guy: "Budlight."Me: "Oh...well, that's pretty average."Guy: "What do you mean average?"Me: "I mean common, I guess."Guy's friend: "I'm drinking a Blue Moon."Me: "Oh, that's not bad."Guy: "Well, fuck. I'm not rich."Me: silent stare I probably should have said something snarky back to him, but I just slowly side stepped away while giving him the 'you are crazy' look. The guy tried to talk to me again later that night.  I told his friend that he was mean and somehow that escalated to his friend doing some sort of weird hand hold thing with me every time he walked by.  It was like his hand raped my hand in order to make me feel better about his friend being weird.  I don't know, I was a little drunk and it seemed so comical that I just went along with it. I also have to add that it is pretty easy to grab a drink at the bar even when it's crowded.  I never have to use the trick where I pretend that I am about to throw up so that people will move aside.  Ok, I've never actually had the guts to use that trick, but I am sure it would work.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,2/25/2010,236,133,23,19,18>I like to bring red heads here. I don't know why it works out this way it just does. I think red heads really suit The Parlor. Alright, alright, alright.The actual restaurant is pretty awesome. Brick and wood and overall hipness. Great place to impress a date or just have a bite with a friend (I have done both I know.)The food is super good. I have been a Harley's fan for awhile but have to admit this place picks up the red sauce slack. The food has always been fresh with the right amount of parsley for that fresh taste. The pizza isn't the best in town but it would make the top 10 list. They make the pasta themselves and it is delicious. Even the sea food pasta (I don't speak Italian but whatever it was called) was awesome and we are in a land-locked state. The salads are pretty amazing as well.*****LISTEN UP OWNERS*****I am actually giving The Parlor 5-stars but holding one hostage. Why would you take the mushroom risotto out for a sweet corn one?! I haven't tried the corn yet and I am sure it is super fantastic but Virgin Mary mother of god , the mushroom one was soooo good. If you ever want to see your beloved 5th star from me you will bring it back. This is no joke. If I do not hear back in 5 days I will begin mailing you pieces of the star, but it will not end up on this review. Do it! Do it now!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,2/24/2010,1070,742,11,12,14>10/16Stumbled upon Pink Pepper as I was heading towards a second Thai option when my first option, owned by a coworker and his children, was rented out for a reception Friday evening.  I've wanted to visit PP for years, but never had a chance.  Darol (RIP), an ex-coworker, and I would exchange foodie stories of our fave places, and PP was the only place he'd go when he had a craving for Thai.  (He resided in Thailand for a few years and considered himself well-versed in the cuisine.)  So, en route to my second choice, I spotted the Pink Pepper logo in the distance and said, "Why the hell not?"  "Today's the day!"It was very dead in there.  (Ya, not just dead.  VERY dead!  LOL.)  Besides me, I spotted my server, who must've been the owner, and an elderly woman rolling up silverware in cloth napkins.  Granted, it was around 3, 330'ish in the afternoon, and lunch had just ended at 2:30p.  (The buffet pans were still emitting heat as they cooled down.)  But I'm not one to let empty rooms sway me away, so I asked for a table.  I liked the ambience- warm, inviting, w/ lovely colors.  Loved the floral salad plates that sat at the table, which I've spotted at Sur La Table before.  Made me wish I'd splurged and bought them then.  Apparently, these plates are only used for show, bec. they were removed moments after I sat down.  Chose to skip the app course and ordered green curry w/ chicken (came w/ rice).  At $9.50,  I thought that this entree better be good!  While I waited, I checked out the rest of the menu and liked what I saw.  If the dish turned out great, I'll be coming back to check the rest out soon enough.  I also spotted a cocktails menu on the table that had quite a few good-tasting options to choose from.  My entree arrived after about 10 to 15 minutes.  The portion was smaller than I'm used to seeing for the price, so I was really hoping that I was getting a very tasty meal.  I shouldn't have worried!  Pink Pepper's green curry has placed Pink Pepper Thai pretty high on my list of places for green curry!!  (Try that for a tongue-twister!)  The coconut curry sauce was thick and super-creamy, and medium heat was just perfect for me!  I also loved the variety of veggies used- there was an extra item there that wasn't listed on the menu.  (Thank goodness I did not have any adverse reactions.)  It took all of my will AND the thought of ordering dessert to keep me from finishing the entire order!  Looking back, I could've squeezed three decent servings out of that meal, especially knowing what I know now... that Pink Pepper's homemade coconut ice cream is freaking AMAZING!  Those w/ a peanut allergy should know to alert the server of this fact, bec. this not overly-sweet sweet comes w/ a generous topping of peanuts.  Ohhh... I just got the shivers up and down my spine (the good kind!) recalling how great my meal ended! Service was friendly and efficient, if a little lonely.  I'm going to assume it was bec. he was by himself in the front.  Perhaps w/ busier hours it'll be easier to flag someone down.  One low point was the restroom visit- the temperature was significantly warmer at that part of the building.  Consider yourself warned.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,2/23/2010,100,75,16,15,15>I can't believe everyone is talking about driving up to the summit.Get up off your lazy ass and hike it!!  It is possible to get up there using your own to two feet...well, maybe not during the summer...but it's totally worth it.I'm taking off a star because I think the trail is difficult to follow towards the top and I've gotten lost several times.  And getting lost in the mountains with no cell phone coverage gives me a panic attack.  They also have silent sundays where they close off the road to the summit to vehicle traffic.  Bicylists love it.  I tried to walk it once, but I got more mean comments from cyclists in a few hours than I had in the entire previous year.  Apparently, I didn't know I was supposed to walk the shoulder of the road.  So from now on, I'll stick to hiking the mountain trail and enjoy beautiful mother nature..
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,2/22/2010,189,498,8,15,12>I was one of a party of 13 for a birthday party on Saturday night.  Yep, I was odd man out again and in more ways than one as I will note in a bit.  We got started a bit after 7 and first we got our drinks and spent some time chatting and reading the menus.  Most of the folks there had been there several times before.  Everybody but me wanted pizza and wings so I ordered fettuccine Alfredo ($18.95) with salad and garlic knots.  I know it's un American not to be a fan of pizza and wings.  Their antipasta arrived and I sipped on my beer.  Then the pizzas came, then the wings followed by my pasta.  Somehow my order got separated from the rest and I had to ask for my salad and bread which finally came last.  The side salad wasn't earth shattering but was solid and the garlic knots were nice warm pieces of bread.  The pasta was delicious.  I mentioned I was not a fan of pizza or wings but I was coerced in to trying both a pepperoni pizza slice and a couple of Giovanni wings.  Both were really good, the pizza was a thin  crisp in spots crust.  The wings had none of the heat I normally associate with wings.  I had to take some of the pasta and bread home with me.  After dinner there was warm Zepellies and the birthday girl got this huge ice cream/brownie/whipped cream thing which her husband and I finished most of.  If you followed along, you will note I ate a lot of different stuff and I paid for it for several hours afterward.For a large party we got quite good service except for my salad arriving late.  I just had the one beer (25oz) but most of the women were there to get their drink on and amongst them had several different mixed drinks and with one exception (weak) all were done well.This is a big sprawling place with 2 bars and more TVs than I have seen outside of Vegas.  The original space which is sort of set off from the rest of the area has pool tables and darts.  There is a good sized outdoor area too.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,2/21/2010,742,648,7,19,14>First impression, this place rocks!! It's in the space that used to house Palette.. the space has a very "breezy" sort of Caribbean plantation feel that's easy to relax right into.. not to mention the moment you walk through the gate you're greeted by friendly smiling faces. LB has a massive outdoor patio complete with tables, well appointed outdoor sofas and chairs where you can leisurely sip a cocktail or beer. While their grand opening isn't truly until Tuesday (12th of May) they seem to be ironing out their kinks pretty quickly with only a few minor hiccups mostly due to computer errors rather than human. The menu is made up mostly of burgers, salads, lahvosh pizzas and a few entrees. We ordered a few starters, the LB Favorite (bacon and roasted corn lahvosh pizza, half $9) as well as the Queen Creek Olive Oil (kalamata, tomato, fresh basil and feta lahvosh, half $9). You know you can put bacon on just about anything and have it taste awesome but paired with the right flavors the good becomes great! The sweetness of the roasted corn with the savory saltiness of the bacon sent me into piggy heaven! Was so good I didn't want to share but alas, I'm a good guy like that. The Queen Creek Olive Oil lahvosh was very tasty, the lahvosh being crispy and light but sturdy enough to hold the ample toppings. I love olives and olive oil paired with cheese and the feta was a great idea. The cheese being strong enough to stand up to the kalamata, the tastes were right on.Meanwhile we were all sipping on Nimbus Brown Ale ($4) which was ice cold, rich and complex. Nimbus is certainly one of my favorite craft beers and at 4 bucks, nice! LB also has a full bar and while cocktails around 8 bucks they pours are generous. We didn't have wine service but the manager Eric used to be the sommelier at The Grill at TPC back in the day when it was one of the best steak houses in town. He knows his wine so I look forward to next time when I can enjoy a glass or 6. I ordered the Fire Island ($10) which is one of several classic Pischke dishes on the menu that made it over from the old days. Oh yes, the owner Sid Campbell was a cook at Pischke's Paradise for over 12 years before it was ruined by new owners. The Fire Island is a pizza with chicken breast, red onion, green chilies and a cream cheese sauce that is absolutely finger licking tasty! Be sure to ask them to add 2 over easy eggs on the top, outrageous! The Mr ordered the Roasted Green Chile Cheeseburger ($10) which is served on MJ's Breads giant English muffin. The beefy flavor combined with the soft texture of the English muffin was excellent, you can taste the quality and the smokiness of the green chile. An order of house fries comes with the burgers and sandwiches and let me just say, they were seasoned so well that you could have chowed them down plain. However, the bread and butter pickle ketchup is simply amazing with its dice of bread and butter pickles, never knew ketchup could be elevated to another experience! First impressions last nearly forever and this one was great! I think LB has a bright future in front of them. This will be a great place to hang out on the patio after work with friends, drinks and cool conversation. Excellent addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,2/20/2010,280,572,13,14,13>I'm not sure if Durant's is really 5-star worthy, but something about it, I gotta say I like...a lot.I also don't know what mind boggling insightful information I can provide after 90 plus reviews, but I'll put in my 2 cents (dammit, here we go again with the lack of a cents key on my keyboard--typewriters have them you know!) which will buy you nothing BTW.Yes, there's red velvet wallpaper and one could argue the interior is more like a "before" shot, but that's part of its charm ("charm"...one of those words you don't like to read in a real estate listing, much like "cozy" or "up & coming neighborhood.")  But I think anyone over the age of 40...I'm not saying I am over 40 mind you...will appreciate the comfortable, recognizable, glimpse into the past it offers you.  I would have never seen the inside of a place like Durant's as a kid since I would have either been left at home or sent to the car (my parents had no problems with sticking you in the car even when it was 110 outside), but I can imagine this is what I missed.Service did start a little rocky.  Rocky as in at least 10-15 minutes for someone to even consider taking a drink order.  But when I ordered a sloe gin fizz, I did not get a blank stare, however, I'm pretty sure I did not get sloe gin either.  There was a little overkill on the sweet, so hard to tell.  Once we were able to order a drink, service was impeccable...see what a drink in hand can do for you?  We had oysters rockefeller which were seriously delicious, and I had the scallop and filet combination.  Scallops were perfectly seared and the filet was almost fork tender.  Garlic mashed potatoes were not hot enough, nor garlicky enough either.  But I forgot all about that when I saw the size of the strawberry shortcake.  When you're sharing, size does matter.So I love Durant's in spite of a few shortcomings, and I would happily return.  Maybe in a few years, when my dad is really old, I can send his ass to the car.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2009,2/19/2010,285,121,39,23,22>I grew up in Las Vegas. I was not introduced to the concept of "Last Call" until I moved to Ohio at 17 years old. It was a huge shock. I couldn't believe other people had the right to tell me when I could or couldn't purchase delicious alcoholic beverages. Despite the fact that I was 17 years old and I was therefore legally forbidden to buy alcoholic beverages for at least another 3 years, this "Last Call" business really chapped me.I'm typically not ready to end the night just because Mr. Last Call wants to be a party pooper and rear his ugly head. I usually plan for this likely event beforehand, but I'm not going to say I'm a stranger to jumping in a cab at 1:50 screaming at the driver with the urgency some may reserve for labor pains that I need a liquor store PRONTO! This leads to me overpaying for the cab, overpaying for liquor, and generally overtesting my patience because apparently to some cab drivers "PRONTO" means "Drive Safely and Obey all Posted Speed Limits". Pussies.This, my friends, is where the beauty of a liquor store with a built-in bar comes in. This way, when last call comes around, I merely need to mosey on down the hall to make my after-hours selection, and patiently ask my cab driver to take me to the destination of my choice. Everybody wins!The bar has a great selection of beers on draft. On our last visit, which just happened to be Halloween night, there was not one but TWO different Pumpkin drafts. The ever popular Four Peaks Pumpkin Porter, and another one which I don't quite remember the name of, but it tasted like pumpkin pie in a pint glass. I was tempted to ask for whipped cream. We experimented with several different beverages throughout the course of the night. I awoke the next morning to find a note written to myself in my phone that merely said:los abbey angel share is the most delciousber of allll timeAs you can clearly read, Lost Abbey Angel's Share is the most delicious beer of all time. They serve it here, for $13 a glass. It's totally worth it though. It's extremely strong and tastes like a combination of chocolate and jesus. Another win-win.I'll definitely be back to Taste of Tops. Cab drivers everywhere rejoice.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,7/13/2010,363,93,5,14,11>Hit up Modern Burger with Jason W. and Deb S. yesterday. I totally think this needs a separate designation from Modern Steak as it's quite different and for what it is, it's good...It's basically a window in the side of Sam Fox's new place, Modern Steak. I think they do a couple of salads but I really didn't pay too much attention. We were there for the sliders. They are....uh, basically....awesome! Two sliders of fresh ground beef, a house made bun (crazy foccacia looking one), American cheese, grilled onions, 1000 island & iceberg lettuce.  I'm hot & cold on Fox spots but I'm in love with Modern Burger's sliders. The beef was awesome. Super moist, juicy & flavorful. Cooked in butter??? The rest of the compliments were great. I was particularly impressed with the bun. First of all for some crazy reason, I'm strongly anti-foccacia. This bun looks like foccacia bread (cut square & about the same thickness) but it definitely wasn't. Soft & tasty, it was great sopping up the burger juices & dressing.I also had the yukon gold fries which were good. While they don't jump to the top of my fry list, they're definitely respectable. MB has a few soft drink choices, a bunch of bottled water (sparkling & still) & I saw a bunch of bottles of wine so I'm guessing wines by the glass. (I was pretty much there for the sliders.)  The guys at the window were also quite cool & happy to do soda refills.There were also some interesting looking ice cream sandwiches on the board.While I thought everything was good, the major highlight for me was the sliders. I'd say they're even destination worthy. In addition to stopping over while in the mall, I will even fight the mall parking & crowds for more of those sliders.It's in Fashion Square but is separate from the Modern Steak. Couldn't add the spot with the same address. Kept kicking it out.Scottsdale Fashion Square7014 E. Camelback Rd.Scottsdale AZ 85251P: 480.423.7000
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,7/12/2010,369,124,10,16,13>Just about everyone has wonderful things to say about St. Francis...and I'm no different. But I will make this review short and sweet. The decor and overall feel of the place is uber cool and reminds me of Seattle in a way. I've been twice now and both times service has been outstanding. Maybe just a touch slow, but everyone in CenPho is trying to get into this place. I get it...they're busy. And for good reason. Which leads me to the food and drink section of my review. The green chili pork stew ($12) is amazing! Not too spicy, but bold flavors that go great with the cornbread. Also fantastic is the romaine salad with endive, bacon, apples, and a creamy cheddar dressing ($9). I have an allergy to apples and this was worth the slight break out in my throat. Too much info? Sorry folks...just telling the whole story. My two favorite items so far are the sweet corn polenta ($3 side dish) and the baked goat cheese with a tomato, walnut, hard pesto. They are both out of this world!! One one thing I would like to let Management know is that the little bread served with the goat cheese is so dang hard, they made my month hurt. Seriously, these puppies are CRISPY! So even with the apples and the bread that makes your mouth bleed St Francis still earns a 5 star in my book.  Try the St Francis Meyer Lemonade ($9) as well.  A little pricey, but VERY de-lish! St Francis is fabulous both for a date night and dinner with the girls.  But what can I say, Dottsy and Nico are two of my favorite people. :)Can't wait to take my sister here next week when she visits!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,7/10/2010,8,22,9,16,13>Karey's Kitchen was my very first Yelp bookmark. Isn't that sweet? There was a big lull in my afternoon yesterday, a lull in which I had not eaten lunch, and yet, it was still much too early for dinner. I decided that this was the perfect time to head over to 40th St. and Thomas, and knock one more bookmark off of my ever-expaning panoply. Karey's Kitchen is located on the southeast corner of 40th St. and Thomas, somewhat hidden behind a rogue Blockuster. There are many other businesses occupying its strip mall, but when I rolled up at about 3:30 in the afternoon, the entire parking lot was empty. Like, the whole thing. Mine was the single, solitary vehicle present. I'm sure it's a hub of activity at other times of the day, but apparently the middle of the afternoon renders the street corner a veritable ghost town. The restaurant is small, and cute inside. It's clean and cheery, without being bright and antiseptic. I was greeted by a friendly lady who offered me several delicious samples, because it was my first time visiting! Is there any better introduction? Another very friendly gentleman joined her, and asked me how I came to hear about Karey's Kitchen. I told him that I read about it on the internet, and he said, "OH! On Yelp?!" I like it when Yelp comes up in my daily life. It's fun. They were both very kind to me, and very interested in explaining the dishes to me. Ultimately, I ordered a three item combo with garlic fried rice. Chicken Adobo, Beef Calidereta, and the Chicken Coconut Curry. I also snagged a square of Cassava cake. A brief disclaimer: I do not have a sophisticated palate. I like my meals to have flavor. A LOT of flavor. Subtleties are generally wasted on me.Delicious. Everything was absolutely delicious. The Chicken Adobo was definitely my favorite, but the other two were very, very good...things I would certainly order again. Every item was totally bursting with flavor, and I was in a food coma before I even finished eating. Scrumptious and savory. The Cassava cake was a perfect ending to the meal - it has an enjoyable, thick texture, and is not too sweet. I loved everything that I ate, and can't wait to scurry back next week and try something new. Maybe the Lumpia...but definitely with a Chicken Adobo burrito and garlic rice. Yes. Sir.Ps: The guy working there told me they will soon be offering Adobo sandwiches...apparently, people ask for them a lot. You heard it here first!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/23/2009,7/9/2010,480,193,14,17,15>3 1/2 starsIf I may I'd like to begin using a new phrase: Hole-In-The-Strip-MallThese are little hole-in-the-wall establishments -- no,... joints -- that come in and set up shop in an empty pad at a strip mall without really remodeling beyond cleaning up a bit and hanging some thing on the walls.Tasty House is a brand spanking new Hole-In-The-Strip-Mall occupying the carcass formerly known as Panda King Express at about 15th Avenue on Bell Rd in the glorious NoPho wastelands.They offered a quick, friendly greeting and a huge menu of fresh-cooked ameri-chino fast food.  A large selection of Lunch Specials for $4.95 caught my eye, coming with your choice of steamed or fried rice, and choice of egg roll, drink, or soup (choice of egg drop, hot&sour, or wonton).Get the idea there are lots of choices here?  This is no terriyaki bowl assembly line; they've got just about every imaginable combination of vegetables, tofu, chicken, pork, beef, shrimp, and even offer Duck.I sat and she brought out the food after several minutes, hot and steamy.  The plate had a scoop of rice in a corner, and the rest was FILLED with my General Tso's Chicken -- seriously a ratio of about 80% meat.  She said that if I wanted any more rice or soup to just let her know.    8^ )   Great service!My first experience with the new Tasty House was tasty, indeed.  I believe the wonton soup was about tops that I've had, with no skimping on wonton, meat, onion/scallion bits, or especially flavor.I let them know that since they offer plenty of choices for non-spicy chicken (S&S, lemon, orange, pineapple) that they could notch up the spiciness on their General Tso's a bit.I will return to Tasty House, despite their bleak location, whether they pretty it up or not.  As long as the quality, portions, and flavor I had remain consistent this could become a four star regular cheap lunch for me, but if they did pretty up the digs, I'm sure a lot of others would feel that way, too.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,7/7/2010,510,292,12,20,16>This place is so cool. There is just really no other way to describe it. I love coming here. I love eating here. I love the people who work here. I love their burgers and I really love their sweet potato fries. They taste like dessert. I love their martinis, I've tried a few, and if you ask the bartender for a "surprise martini" like I did, he will bounce back with a cherrylimeaide thing.. delish! I love the sinks in the bathroom and I loved my egg white omelet I ate this morning along with the muddled grape fruit drink on the brunch menu, I forget the name of it but its yummy.. I also love this place because I won a gift card for them at the OYE last week, and I never win anything. ever. I now associate winning with FEZ and that is just awesome.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,7/6/2010,300,261,8,13,12>So glad Gabi chose this place for Lunch, but damn the rain for ruining our chance at the lovely patio dining. Such cozy cuteness, I was beside myself. I just adored the pretty patio with all it's flowers, umbrellaed tables, heaters and even a roaring fireplace. Inside was more CC, chandeliers over each table, dark wood, and my favorite part was the beautifully framed window, literally framed, but instead of a picture you look out the window to the lattice and creeping vines, so cool! Wish I would have taken a pic of that. Several things on the menu wanted me to order them but I went with the Salmon Nicoise (see pics) It was not only beautiful but also delicious. Other guests ordered the Quiche and the Onion Soup (see pics) Both looked wonderful and I was told they were. I have only one complaint and it's really just more of a disappointment than anything. On such a rainy cold day I was hoping they would have some decadent hot chocolate to warm me up but they did not......Maybe soon? I went with hot tea instead and was pleasantly satisfied. I will definitely return to try some more of the very reasonably priced French Fare.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2009,7/4/2010,197,182,19,16,17>"All we need is because, come and party with us "just had a belated birthday dinner party with what i consider my family. figured parlor was the spot to try, yes there are other places i want to try. but this jumped my bookmarks. rolled in bout 6:30 parking was scarce. wait was 45 mins. the waiting patio is cute. herb garden, outside fireplace *off* and the most awesome door i have seen on an eating establishment yet. wood. yup i got hard. 45 minutes later seated. party of 4 nice table sans-booth on this roll up. hostess was nice, introduced herself and asked if it was our first time. i blushed..how did she know i was virgin...bitch. why you gotta call a man out like that? oh well. waitress was nice, did a good job,..could be better..yea. but could have been way way way way worse. i aint gonna rip on someone doing their job unless they just miscarried in my food. that i cannot put up with. that thankfully didn't happen here so i got no beef. i did get some pork. yup sapriccio pizza, (sausage and yum moo!zarella) on a 8". also grubbed on the pesto on a eight inch platter, on deck was the pepperoni. all 3 pizzas was spectacular. gooey ooey and crisp, center of the bottom crust was firm and crisp, unlike bianco and metro which can have some cooking codensation. none here. just pure crisp, like a kit kat. ya know. 7 buck pitchers of PBR. the beer selection was really good. but i was bout the ribbon tonight. grabbed some bruchetta.. some coal charred bits of awesome covered in some sweet and savory toppins. pine nuts, red sweet peppers, some great spreaded cheese topping to hold in all on board. made a great start. pizza was bomb. i'm talking manhatten project bomb. i was blown away like a 1940's japanese soldier. flavors are well put together for signature pizzas. plus you can build you own.. gonna be here a lot more. price isn't bad. actually affordable. i really wanted to snatch a menu because they do not have one posted on the website. worth a trip. hell well worth the 45 minutes wait. i saw plenty of daters coming in and then walking away. come on clown. it's only time. any ways...i think it's a great addition to the cenpho area. viva non-chain revolucion ya heard!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,7/2/2010,425,213,1,14,10>There is Japanese cuisine in abundance here in Scottsdale, such as Sushi and Teppanyaki, but Roka sets itself apart with its Robatayaki Grill. All the fruits of the earth are prepared in view of the guests.   Steaks, fish, chicken - even the asparagus and stuffed mushrooms - are served charcoal grilled.The name Roka Akor derives from the Japanese words Ro and Ka.  Ro meaning gathering place for people to enjoy a good meal, sake, and company; Ka meaning heat and fire, creating energy.The restaurant has an unassuming feeling of luxury, combined with a more terrestrial flavor.   A distinctive character by virtue of the menu's quality ingredients, the clean lines and high ceilings of the dining and lounge area,  the earthy tones of its decor, and the geotic feel of the serving dishes and plates.From the drinks to the grill, I have been swept away time and time again.  For me, nothing has compared to the Sushi or the Shochu.  Because Roka is also a Shochu Lounge, it is of import to incorporate this into your experience.  Shochu is a distilled spirit which can be made with rice, potato, or barley, and which dates back 6 centuries.  It is similar to vodka, and its many varieties can be used as healing tonics, aphrodisiacs, or energy boosters.  The shochu is infused with herbs or fruits, and served with ice that never melts...H2O minus the oxygen which keeps this melange of pure bliss and succor chilled to the last drop, without melting and spoiling the taste.  On this visit, I enjoyed the Honey as well as the Pineapple.  Absolutely incredible!Spanish Mackerel Sashimi, Hamachi Belly, Buttery Salmon Sashimi, Char-grilled Asparagus with sweet soy and sesame, Zucchini with miso mustard, and cremini Mushrooms with butter and garlic , manila clams with red miso broth and cilantro, Butterfish Tataki wrapped around white aspargus and yuzu, and robata grilled teriyaki, it was culinary fireworks in my mouth.  Down to the details, from the wasabi root being ground at the table, to the artful preparation and presentation of the food, we were swept away.I will come here time and time again for the quality, the richness of the flavors, and the great atmosphere.  Culinary exloration and adventure await - and there is good reason for it being voted one of the top sushi locales in the nation, by Bon Appetit Magazine.Restaurant week will be the perfect opportunity to discover Roka when it offers a three course menu for $25 between July 20th and 28th.Happy Hour:Everyday - 4:00 PM to 6:00 PM and 9 PM to CloseBelow are selections from my favorite HH items:$3 White Miso Soup with Spring Onions$5 Crispy Fried Squid with Chili and Lime$6 ROKA AKOR Butterfish with White Asparagus and Yuzu$5 Fried Soft Shell Crab$7 Wagyu Gunkan with Wasabi Ponzu and Ginger$5 ROKA AKOR Hamachi Serrano Chili Roll$6  Shochu in honeycomb or pineapple$6 wines by the glass or 50% off bottles$3 beers$6 house sake
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,7/1/2010,196,46,7,26,9>Posh Wash Dog Wash is a Self-Service Dog Wash & Grooming facility in Glendale were you can wash & groom your dog using ALL of THEIR supplies or you can have them do it for you!This place has A+ SERVICE. I saw many happy, well groomed pedigree dogs in there at my last visit (I got to go into the back where they were working) and I even saw another Wheaten Terrier like Spencer. I was impressed! The dogs looked really happy and content - which is very important & tells a lot about the people working there. They all looked great, and they looked like they felt great too! I was extremely impressed by the genuine care & concern that the staff had (for pets & their owners!). They were truly friendly animal people, and it showed. I only had Spencer's nails trimmed - for ONLY $8.00 - that is an amazing price. Not really much of a service to give a review on, right? Well,  you don't know Spencer and how BAD he is about getting his nails done. It is impossible! They were able to trim his nails like the pros that they are and with true smiles on their faces - very, very professional. It looks like they just love their jobs and like I said, "it shows!". You can't fake that!!I will bring Spencer here for their true friendly nature and high degree of professionalism alone - but add to that clean, well supplied self service dog grooming stations and superior staff to take on the job if I prefer it - well that is doggie grooming service at its finest.And they are open on Sundays!!! whoo-hooTheir website does not tell much last time I was on it, so here is the deal to Bathe Your Dog:* Self Service Wash for $20.00 -  includes use of brushes, combs, nail clippers, towels, hair dryers, quality shampoo & conditioner, ear & eye cleaners,  cologne spritz, and a breath mint - lol!Need Electric Hair Clippers? They are only $10.00Scissors are only $5.00Toothbrush (it is a single-use) $1.00Speciality Shampoo $2.00 (idk the dif b/t high quality & speciality though?)BTW: Full Service runs from $40, $50 & up to $85 depending on the size of the dog.I would just stop by and get a menu of their services. Their prices for diy are great, and they are so convenient! I wish I would have found them before I ordered dog grooming clippers:-( ... But, I can clip Spencer there on their professional tables and leave  the mess behind (no more fur all over the carpet) - very easy indeed! I am so glad I strolled into this place to get his nails done. They are really friendly, competent people who can handle my wild and crazy dog. And I really need the help with that. Thanks for helping us Posh Wash Dog Wash - Glad you are in Glendale, AZ with me & Spencer!!! This review is my big thank you to them (that and a decent, well deserved tip)!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,6/30/2010,229,141,9,9,7>Did I ever mention how much I love the Yelp app for the iPhone? Well, I love it. Honestly, I'd make it a dry martini, light its cigar, cook it dinner with a piping hot apple streusel  for dessert every night if I could. Seriously.So today we, the app and I, decided that we were in need of some good coffee, and wanted to try something new. Starbucks on campus is old news to us. It was my choice to find a place close enough to campus because I have a knack for wandering about downtown...I get a bit curious and then end up being late to class sometimes...Kind of like I'm going to be right about now, while writing this review, but who cares, I'm past due on writing one. What we "found" was Fair Trade. Now I don't blame app, because it is truly wonderful and could never do any wrong in my eyes...but I just could not find this place for the life of me off of the map I was given. Lo' and behold, I was practically standing on top of it. Now you may start to understand right about here why I needed coffee this morning...I've never been a coffee person and never will be. I know its hard to believe with all the past reviews that just happen to have me purchasing and consuming coffee, but truly, I'm a tea drinker. The beverage board was straight forward, perfect for my mind state, and had reasonable prices. I decided on a Large Iced Coffee. Simple and plenty enough to do the job of waking my cerebrum up. It only came to $2.25, with the student discount, which I was nicely informed about at the register, thank you to the friendly cashier, she rocks! Won over, entirely, just with the price, and I hadn't even tried the coffee. I got even more adventurous today too. I drank it black. And you know what, I like it like this. This would have to be the first time ever. I've had black iced coffee elsewhere and its bitterness wasn't even dulled by the tons of artificial sweetener I dumped into it. Kudos Fair Trade for not turning my stomach!Maybe I'm a bit twisted, what am I talking about, of course I'm twisted, but I love the decor here. Its different. I like different. I wouldn't say its the most comforting looking place, but its almost like it was built just to have people come and go with their beverages and food. Almost like a small cafe located near a train. Hah, that's right it is next to a train! If that's what you're willing to call the lightrail. Shame on all of you that haven't warmed up to it, its no BART, but I like it! And I like this Fair Trade location, and look forward to future mornings together! Because who wouldn't want to wake up with me in the morning?!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,9/4/2011,447,457,9,21,13>OMG! I'm hooked on the fried pizza. Don't judge. It's DELICIOUS! When we were in southern Italy a few summers ago, we enjoyed panzerotti -- blurring cultures for the sake of description: they taste like a fry bread empanada filled with tomato sauce, basil and loads of cheese. I found recipes once I returned but, truth be told, I suck at frying. Imagine my delight when I saw the fritta ($12.95) on the menu at Pomo! Quadruple that delight when a "panzerotti" no less than FOUR TIMES the size of what I had in Puglia was delivered to my table! With each bite, the rich flavor of the fried crust melts into the sweetest tomato sauce in the Valley, complimented by a burst of basil and stretchy, milky cheese!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,9/3/2011,337,291,5,8,6>I'd heard some great things about FEZ and decided to give the place a try. Atmosphere:  five stars. I call it "effortlessly trendy."  There are also a variety of seating options: the bar area, conventional dining room, patio, or comfy couches in the lounge area are all very appealing.Some very extraverted individuals graced the bar.  Definitely a unique place AND no TVs in the bar--points in my book.  The wine list was quite expansive, and there were some creative cocktails to choose from. Plus, there's a nightly happy hour with drink specials. Saturdays are brewsky nights. We ordered hummus and veggies. The hummus was mighty garlicky (yet incredibly tasty), and we had to order a second round of veggies. I glanced at the menu--many of the items would have hit the spot!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,9/2/2011,175,67,3,13,11>Sweet Republic is a haven for frozen treat fiends. It is definitely one of the best ice cream parlors in the Valley, and according to the Food Network, creates one the Best Things I Ever Ate: Toffee Banofi sundae. Um, yes, I concur. I try to get a weekly sweet treat from Sweet Republic, and I am working on branching out from my favorite flavors to try all of their amazing creations.The Bananas Foster ice cream is just fantastic - sweet, subtle flavor of banana in ice cream form. I do not usually care for banana-flavored foods, but this is just so tasty. Of course, I also LOVE the Salted Butter Caramel, the Madagascar Vanilla, and Belgian Chocolate. The sorbet flavors are outstanding - for a huge pick me up, try the Basil Lime; for just fruity deliciousness, get the Coconut and Strawberry. Sweet Republic also does interesting flavor rotations, including Honey Blue Cheese, Bacon, White Truffle, and other holiday themed flavors. You could try a different flavor every week! Sweet Republic also has a menu full of amazing sundaes and ice cream creations. I love the ice cream sandwiches - my favorite flavor between two chocolate chip cookies - what could be better!? Now, be warned that Sweet Republic is not to be considered inexpensive. They have small servings and they aren't cheap. But, the extra money is worth it for those who enjoy fresh ingredients and local charm. If you can't make it to Scottsdale, check them out on Twitter to find out where their Chevy truck might be headed next!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,9/1/2011,177,185,12,10,8>Holy Crepes! Iced Mocha - More like iced "crack" mocha...I'm bouncing off the walls. Si Si me gusta~Banana-Nutella Crepe - Sweet Virgin Mary silhouette on my morning toast, It was heavenly!...AND a punch card?! I'll be a doughy mess in no time. Thanks yo!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,8/31/2011,348,195,7,16,14>This is my spot to get my nails and toes did on the regular! Pretty Nails is nestled in a strip mall close to Massage Envy, Chipotle, CVS AND Total Wine. So a trip to the nail salon makes for one GREAT afternoon/evening! The inside of the place is small and clean, and very busy. It's owned by a husband and wife duo that keep the shop running smoothly. Upon signing in, one doesn't have to wait too terribly long before they're soaking in a pedicure tub and being rubbed down by the massage chair. The nail tech hands you a menu of services and you just pick what you would like done. Of course they try to up sell you on nail designs and all that, but just stay strong and they'll back off. I also like the seeming cleanliness of the shop. I have watched the techs thoroughly clean the foot baths after a visit and everything seems to soak in some bacteria fighting solution. I do think that they're pricing is a little high, but the service and end result is worth it. For a fill of my overlays, a spa pedicure with design, I'm usually paying about $50-60. I visit Pretty Nails every two weeks and I have yet to be disappointed by a thing yet!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,8/30/2011,67,99,10,9,7>Disclaimer: I'm not a tea expert. I don't own a diffuser. I prefer my tea iced and plain because, frankly, I'm sweet enough. In search of the ever elusive 'thoughtful' Christmas gift for my picky sister I stopped in at Fleur de Teas in the hopes of finding something special. I wasn't disappointed. The shop, located next to the Phoenix City Grille, is small and cozy. Don't let the size fool you, this small spot is bursting at the seams with a huge variety of tea, tea accessories and beauty products. The staff was friendly and very helpful, walking me through several different varieties of tea until I found exactly what I was looking for. Needless to say, the gift was a hit (and very reasonably priced). I'm not a tea expert, but Fleur de Teas makes me want to be. I'll be back!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,8/29/2011,362,221,8,14,14>Loved it! The food was fantastic. The waitress was great & accommodated my always pain-in-the-ass food allergy issues. There was also a management type dude who chatted with us in a very real way. Not creepy, like at corporate places. You know how when the corporate manager asks you how everything was in that obligatory corporate training video way? This was just real & welcoming.I like the atmosphere & design here as well. I will be back to try more, & perhaps booze it up one day as well.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,8/28/2011,463,250,6,11,9>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):n/a Food10 **Drinks**10 Service9 Atmosphere7 ValueThis new bar spot was just opened by the owners of the next-door Breadfruit restaurant (Jamaican food).  Same as their restaurant, everything here is amazing quality.They also punched a walkway into the wall between the two places, so you can order Breadfruit food over in the RumBar as well.Verdict: over 70 quality rums (working up to 108) = YES!**NOTE: Their grand opening isn't until Jan 27th.  Until then they are still playing with hours & drink recipes, so during this time all drinks are only $6!**
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,8/27/2011,890,308,12,23,17>You're probably asking yourself, what in the world does "Sekong by Night" mean? Well, the answer is, oooh just some classic, popular Cambodian song title that the owner is obsessed over. :)As previously mentioned by another fellow Yelper, Sekong does exude charm.  In fact, most of the artistic, decorative items that is seen in the dining room is a straight import from mainland Cambodia (ie. table cloths, paintings, sculptures, and other artworks).  Obviously, the owner wanted to not only deliver authenticity from a cuisine standpoint but also historically and culturally.  They did a magnificent job in creating a nice visual display to sort of educate first time consumers of Khmer cuisine.To get an idea of what Khmer dishes are like, I always say they're a cousin to Vietnamese and Thai cuisine.  Although, I think they just share ideas or possibly just steal from one another.One prime example of idea sharing that you might find in a Vietnamese menu is the Luc Lac.  And actually, this creation was French inspired.  It's basically steak meat that has been cut into cubes and sautéed to a tender perfection fused with caramelized onions and garlic to give a richer taste.  The dish usually comes with a side of white rice and a fresh salad that has been lightly soaked in a sweet, citrus, vinagry dressing.  Its fantastic when done right!  In fact, I really enjoy Sekong's version! Its a must try! [Recommend]yelp.com/biz_photos/kBJf…Sekong also serves tasty sandwiches like the Vietnamese Banh Mi.  I have only tried their grilled beef.  From what I recollect tasting, it was meat marinated in a savory, lemon grass.  The baguette was very toasty and had a soft interior while the pickled veggies were fresh tasting. [Recommend]And the cultural similarity theme continues! They also serve a crispy crepe-like dish that encompasses pork, shrimp and bean sprouts called, Baynchaiv, traditionally a finger food.  You take your lettuce and create a wrap and dip it into home made fish sauce. [Recommend]yelp.com/biz_photos/kBJf…Loat Cha, my other go-to dish, are these 1-inch round rice noodles drenched lightly in soy sauce and then pan fried served with fresh, crispy bean sprouts, green onions, and sliced beef topped with one egg.  [Recommend]Now, the chicken wings with a side of rice is quite tasty.  Last time I ordered one, the chicken came out nicely crisped with a hint of peking flavor, which is a notorious marinade for Chinese roast ducks.As for snacks and specialty drinks, I've had their tempura sweet potato and banana, and grass jelly drink.  All were excellent.  The tempura snacks came out super crispy with a fresh tasting interior.  If you are unfamiliar with grass jelly, it is basically semi-bland jello with a slightly sweet, grassy flavor, but in creating a refreshing drink, jello are cut up into tiny cubes while adding ice, sugar and honey.The one item that has bothered me for awhile now is the Phnom Penh Noodle Soup, also the counter to Vietnamese Pho.  The only reason why I have hesitated for this long is, admittedly, due to the exotic-ness (ie. pork liver, heart, tripes, etc).  As soon as I can grow a third ball, I will attempt it! Just kidding, I will eventually.The menu is not as large but being new to the food scene, they are looking to start off small and expand as business blossom.  By now, you may have already read about the lengthy wait, awkward location, and whatever shenanigans have you not, they are still working out the kinks and are continually listening to feed backs.  Pricing is very reasonable and competitive with the other Southeastern Asian power houses in the Valley [$5 - 10 range].  I will continue to be a regular here and add more updates as I try more items.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,8/26/2011,540,167,16,11,12>I feel like I'm miles behind and miles ahead of the curve on Magnum. Imagine a couple years ago, or last night, or whenever, and you're in bed with a girl, lady, woman, or victim du jour for the first time. And there's "hot and heavy" going on... which sounds noticeably less appealing when one is sober. And she tries to mount up for a "Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man" ride and, maybe, you don't drink at the time, and you're like, "Woman, don't you have any condoms?" And she says no. Things sour. You feel safe. And jackassoholic. And you later find out this isn't true. SHE DID HAVE CONDOMS. It's just that she didn't want to embarrass you with the Magnum condoms in her bedside table that she shared with her tyrannosaurusly hung ex. What a Dick. Because she thinks you'd be intimidated. Because you're just a cute little guy. Well, if you can believe it, it's happened to me. Again. And this time, her name is Magnum. She is beautiful.In the future, the coolest of the cool, the swankiest of the wanks, the biggest smiles, the worst breath, the hippest hipsters, and the snobbiest Scottsdalians will disabuse this place of it's current location-induced obscurity. And I'll talk longingly about "back in the day, back in the days before you couldn't walk through it" like I do now with the Vig. This is the future of Phoenix nightlife. Are you marking my words? The location absolutely could not be worse. But what they have is something really special. She has New York quality cocktails and obviously the Bill Clinton/Monica Lewinsky phallic cigar aspect is an important factor that can't be ignored. Suck. Blow. Tons of cigars to be put wherever he/she will let you. Go here. Be surprised. Tell your friends. Rinse. Repeat.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,8/3/2007,16,90,7,1,3>I'm not the first to review, but I'm the first male to review.  That's gotta count for something, right?I'm super into Lush.  When my fiance comes home with product from here, I get jealous to an obscene degree.  Most often, she has to hide her purchases from me because if I find a bar of delicious smelling body soap or a tube of facial cleanser, it will be gone within a week.  Book it.  I probably use four times the necessary amount each time and, if it weren't for the travel and expense, I would singlehandedly keep their business afloat.  I've even made it a point to visit their San Francisco location while on vacation.  My obsession reaches unhealthy extremes.Some guys are into sports, some guys are into guns.  I'm into Lush.  Just don't tell anyone, okay?
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,8/1/2007,29,53,,3,2>One of my favorite spots in PHX, I make a trip almost every time I'm in town.  The food selection is limited but good, there's an admirable wine selection but the atmosphere is unlike anything else in PHX.  I highly recommend.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,7/31/2007,32,100,,4,4>Have you ever been to one of the restaurants where the food is consistently good?  I guess you wouldn't keep going if it wasn't....but I digress.  I have never had a disappointing meal here...down to the last morsel.  I went there this past weekend and this really cool waiter told my friends and I about one of those "in the know" dishes called Dancing Shrimp.  It's supposed to be amazing.  Ask for it next time if you want to look really cool...or like you just go there too much.  Enjoy!  Also, it's really inexpensive for Scottsdale.  Four of us ate dinner for about $18 per person, including a shared appetizer and four entrees.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/21/2007,7/30/2007,38,122,1,6,4>Restaurants that have "pizza" and "bistro" together in the name make me wonder about the level of ego floating around.......but I thought I'd try it since I really like the original Red Devil in Phoenix.What disappointed me immediately is that while it's a modern and hip looking little - okay, it's a bistro, I get it - you don't enjoy the place immediately.  As you enter the doors, you run right into a wall...of cash registers.   So unless you study the menu online and figure out what you want BEFORE you go in, you feel like you're holding up the line.  I can feel those feet tapping and loud sighs behind me as I type.  I feel pressured into ordering the first thing my eye sets on.  Quick eenie meenie miney moe?The seat nazis have a little fit if you ask to sit and look at the menu.  What a concept, looking over the menu in comfort?  Wow.Of course I did it anyway.Shame on me.The food is generally good, I tried a little of the pizza.  Thin crust was appropriately crunchy, toppings piping hot.  Not overly oily.  Basic, good pizza.  But nothing that ran in my mind as 'the best' or 'interesting twist'.I had the meatball sub.  Big juicy light meatballs, a good tangy sauce stuffed in a nice rustic crusty bread that you know is fresh.  HUGE.  I could only eat half.Prices run on average $8-$10.  Drinks are separate.  The servers are nice and quick to take plates off the table.  I guess you only get the mean factor when it comes to the ordering part of the restaurant.  There's a bar area with big screens but I can't imagine too many people sitting there watching a game, it's a little smallish.I wouldn't mind going again if I'm in the area and feel like pizza, but it's not a place that I'll have daydreams about and cravings for.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2007,7/29/2007,0,0,2,2,4>VIP guest or not, I am not sure if I will ever feel comfy with what is really "cutting in line." If I am special, I'd rather keep all that private. But so be it. Strongly Suggested Dress Code to Fit In: Extra layers of cool or sultry  highly practiced self-conciousness. You choose.Major Dress Code Violations that WILL Stand Out. And not exactly in a good way: Being fat. Being over 37.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,7/28/2007,35,107,3,3,3>Lucky me I got to vacation in Phoenix two weeks ago in the 115 degree heat!Lucky my good buddy Lisa works at Radio Milano and promptly escorted me and my friend off the plane right into the restaurant.  Since she was waitressing we enjoyed a nice leisurely 3 hours or so eating and drinking at this brand new spot.The decor is really cool.  We sat at a community table which I have no problem with though it was a bit wide so I felt a little far from my friend.  Also, because there are no floor coverings (says Lisa) the noise level gets really high but it seems to all work really well.  At one point during the night, some dude (or manboy) stood up and started singing opera in the middle of the restaurant.  A customer!  Weird!Now, drinks.  The martini's were really good.  I usually stick with the dirty martini which was great but then I moved on to a vodka with fresh grapefruit and was pleasantly surprised.  My friend had some sort of fruity one that was also quite tasty!The menu is small but I believe it's redone very often, possibly daily.  We started off with the grilled artichoke which came with three huge halves and some delicious dipping sauce.  We couldn't finish all of it but it was really yummy.  For dinner I had halibut which was perfectly cooked and on a bed of spinach.  My friend had the meatloaf which was amazing!  Also, make sure you request some bread.  They have this really tasty bread that is made fresh daily and then grilled.  It comes with oil and a thing of garlic you squeeze out of the shell, mmmm!For dessert we had some decadent chocolate/espresso thing that was soooooo good.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,7/27/2007,38,104,2,3,3>I effing LOVE TBC.  Located smack dab in the middle of "the scene" its truely the best breakfast place in town.  Apparently its the thing to do to actually shower and change from the night before prior to arriving so you can watch the rest of us stumble in looking like hell.  Whatever.  While you wait for a table (and you WILL wait for a table), sit outside on the patio and people watch some of Scottsdale's finest.  The Breakfast club isnt all about being the "it" place to be though, its also about the food.  Those of you who just came from the gym might want to try the egg white veggie omelet or the best oatmeal this side of the Mississip...  Those of us nursing a killer hangover might stick to the cinnamon challah french toast, benedict-style eggs, or belgian waffles...  You'll never want your loser boyfriend to make you breakfast in bed again.Lunch at TBC is round two of fabulousness.  Salads, sandwiches, sweet potato fries...  I'm suddenly starving.Dont let the line or the wave of D&G sunglasses outside deter you from waiting for the best meal of the week at the Breakfast Club.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2007,7/26/2007,51,37,,4,3>For my girlfriend's birthday I took her to Mary Elaine's, which is a super fancy French restaraunt in Scottsdale, AZ. My brother has worked there for a few years now, and he's been suggesting that we experience it. The staff was extremely attentive and pleasant, addressing us by name and taking a moment to replace my girlfriend's blue napkin with a black one to match her dress. They even brought over a small stool for me to set my digital camera on. The restaraunt is situated on the top floor of the Phoenician Resort and every seat at Mary Elaine's has a spectacular view of the valley.We let the chef prepare a tasting menu for us, and their Sommelier (wine expert) paired wines with many of the tastings. I will have to consult with my brother to fully explain the dishes served, but the food was so fine tuned to perfection that I can not imagine improvement. I HIGHLY recommend EVERYONE eat at Mary Elaine's at least once, as it is truly the finest experience in dining I can imagine.I posted images of our food here.  secret.strandland.com/Ma…
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,7/25/2007,367,544,1,6,5>I freaking love The Good Egg. It's a great straight up, no frills, breakfast place. It almost reminds me of the diners back home in NY. You can pretty much get eggs any way you want them along with all sorts of other breakfast goodies. (They have inventive/creative options.)  In my experience the service has been great and the food is inexpensive. I wish there was a place like this in Boston, but alas, I will just keep pining away for it until I move. And the 6th free entree "Best Thing In Life" card is sweet.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,7/24/2007,0,4,,5,4>Great BBQ dinners.  I have had the chicken and beef and both are excellent.  I especially like the "Thank Q" donut at the end of dinner.  Very unique touch that keeps me going back.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2009,6/29/2010,736,547,6,13,15>Holy canolli this place is fantastic! How have I never been here before?The set up of the restaurant is very open and they piped in old school tunes, Frank Sinatra, Harry James and Tommy Dorsey. It really reminded me of Artie Bucco's sister restaurant.  The service was excellent and the staff was friendly and hospitable.  We even heard the owner/chef yelling at the staff from the kitchen "wize this fettuccine sitting owt heaar!" it was classic. He really showed a passion for both the guests and the food. I had read a few yelp reviews before I chose this place and I can only mirror what everyone else said. The Italian bread and focaccia with red pepper olive oil and garlic butter are amazing. The spaghetti and meatballs were to die for. The meatballs LITERALLY melt in your mouth. I want to go back and try everything on the menu. Spoiler Alert  - After the meal the owner came to our table and asked us to guess a number between 1 and 99, you get the number and dinner is free. We didn't win but it was a fun game and a nice way to end the meal. I will be back - I am anxious to try lunch and the pizzas they are selling out the back!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,6/28/2010,197,332,4,11,8>finally..a good review.....stopped in for lunch today at saharaafter i read iain b excellent review, i knew this place had to be a good.. and it was! i went with the lunch platter and my selection was the chicken tikka and for a dollar more i added rice and hummus.  The hummus tasted so authentic and tasty. I was pleasantly surprised at how nicely decorated the restaurant is.  it's thoughtful yet comfortable. they have some great lunch specials too!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,6/27/2010,37,13,30,16,13>Screw you, Hula's. As if Spouse and I aren't alcoholics enough, you have to go and open one of the funnest (that's right, I say funnest) restaurants in Central Phoenix, fill the menu with phenomenal island drinks, and plop the whole thing within stumbling distance of our home. Our livers are on you, buddy.It takes a lot to impress a professional boozer (that's a lie, but let's move on). That Mai Tai I had last night tasted better than the ones I had in Hawaii. And can I just say how refreshing it is to finally get some fruity options (because I am a huge fruit) rather than the same ol' margarita and martini variations served at every other restaurant in town. Not that I don't live for margaritas and martinis. Let's be honest, I'd drink mouthwash if the bartender poured it in a glass, mixed it with grenadine, and served it to me.Where was I?Oh, there's food too. Loved the sweet potato fries. Loved the Hula burger with sauteed onions. Loved, loved, loved Spouse's coconut chicken thingie. I am so ordering that next time because he refused to share. So stingy. BTW, I love that they have a Pupus menu (that's Hawaiian for appetizers) because I am a child (teehee, I said Pupus).Speaking of next time, we're going back this weekend. Bringing a bunch of friends to hang with on Hula's groovy new patio. And I'm ordering about 17 more Mai Tais. If Hula's could go ahead and place an AA phone number on the drink menu, I'd appreciate it.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,6/26/2010,172,180,3,29,7>Excellent service and great pizza.  The owner came by several times and  suggested we try the Regina Margherita as first timers;  a simple cheese and tomato thin crust pizza.  We tried it and were not disappointed.Several days earlier the owner, server and chef came to visit Scottsdale Community College for an Italia event sponsored by the SCC Language Department.  I listened to how they use only ingredients (at least the primary ones) directly from Italy and the 900 degree oven that can cook a pizza in 60 seconds.  The trick in Italy is quickly cook the crust but not overcook the tomato and cheese.  They served very generous samples of lasagna and a traditional thick cheese pizza at SCC.  Both were very good but had to go to their restaurant to experience the "real" thin crust Italian pizza with the Italian DOP rating expected soon. Not exactly sure what the letters DOP stand for but it is a good thing. Will be back again to try to try some of the other thin crust pizzas!!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,6/25/2010,275,351,10,11,6>Reasons to Heart: Breakfast All Day, Self-Serve Coffee, Modern Hip Decor, NYT, Cholula, Inter-generational FriendlyReasons You May Dislike: BUTTER PARTY, Small Menu, Awkward Market, Bizarre Combo of Self-Serve/Service that is NOT Apparent, Kid FriendlyReasons to Be Here: Your friends you lost to baby-making Suburbs, IKEA, You are Near the I-10 and Do Not Feel like Sushi, Ace Hardware, You want B-fest after 10:30am on a Weekday, Dad Wants Burger, you Want Organic Local yogurt/parfaitFirst time here with my friend's parents, as we walked up, I noticed an antique wooden bench with multiple kinds of newspapers, including NYT, held down by an old iron and an Open sign with neon on a skateboard. Whoa. What a liberal hip person coding of an entrance if I ever saw one! Inside, a bright modern airy space with concrete floors, exposed ceiling beams, bright green walls and exposed stainless steel industrial kitchen, I was super impressed by the brightness the huge windows gave the place as well as the cutting edge furniture. The menus are charming chalkboard options that have breakfast all day, kid's menu and lunch served after 11am. All priced between $4-$11, alas there are vegetarian options but this is NOT a butter free place. In fact, it is a fucking BUTTER PARTY. So get your LacTaid if you can do it!The slightly hipster staff (the guys look like that dude who played Keats in Bright Star) are amiable at the counter but after ordering my garden veggie sammie I was dismayed to realize they had pastry cases hidden in the counter (you just basically look up the whole time then realize after swiping your debit card your other options). Also the drink menu is awkwardly displayed to the far right of the main menus (um, I would've wanted a soy latte instead of coffee...). After paying at the register, there is the bizarre scramble of figuring out what you have to get yourself.There is a large bevy cooler that has wine, beer, soda, juice, water, etc and was a very healthy selection (not a poor one at all). Awkwardly placed is the water, iced tea and coffee station where people are trying to read the menu before ordering. Most tables are four person tables with two people seating around the windows and large community tables towards the L-shaped back, along with bar/counter seating that views the cooks station. Each time I went I ended up at the same four-person table near the condiment table stocked w/catsup, Sriracha, Cholula hot sauce (oh shit). My first experience I got ginger beer and a veggie sandwich. Now, as a vegetarian for over 12 years, and a lactose-intolerant for over 5 years, my expectations were way low. Instead, I was fucking IMPRESSED. The bread ended up soggy due to the herbs mayonaisse cream dill sauce thing with incredible local roasted veggies with really good bread. OMFG. I mean seriously, I can't remember much of the meal cause my brain went somewhere spiritual. I also got the fresh fruit on the side, and a great deal with fresh berries, grapes, kiwi, etc. I managed to fit it all in my tummy (and felt def. overstuffed-I should've kept 1/2 of it). My companions had the pulled pork sandwich and killed it, the other had pancakes.Today, I woke up and I wanted breakfest. Not Essence, Gallo Blanco, Lux, Wildflower, def. NOT Harlows, I wanted fancy pants American style breakfast I hadn't had a billion times before. Located right off the I-10, it's a fast drive from Tempe, and I didn't know what to expect for a crowd around 10:30 on a Tuesday. Turns out, Tim and I were def. the median age here. Mostly older patrons, couples, families, business deals, co-workers, moms with toddlers (they have plenty of nice high-chairs, btw). I had to get the pancakes ($6) w/fruit ($1) and side of potatoes ($3) and coffee. Tim got the rotassarie chicken with grilled corn and hand cut french fries (I think under $10). Seating was easy, food came out together within 15 minutes. The pancakes were delicate, almost crepe like, with a buttermilk taste but not too cinnamony and a little dry and thin (in a good way-sops up the butter and syrup). The serving of fruit on top was a little small, but all good quality, the potatoes were home-made style with sauted onions, skins still on.  His plate was huge with a grilled corn, the fries still had the skin on, and the chicken looked great and very greasy (which he killed). We had to remember to get our own utensils, napkins, and our own drinks but the staff checked in periodically and after finishing our plates, the dirty dishes sat around for 5 minutes, I believe due to the insane lunch rush that came in! Seriously, the place exploded! I was happy Tim had bought the cookies he eyed earlier so we skidaddled after using the nice, clean bathrooms. Now, eating yummers Blondie cookie and chocolate chip cookies that are greased through the paper bag, I think I will have to ride my bike here to justify the butter party celebration!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,6/23/2010,752,378,14,23,19>I can never get enough of Durant's  . Maybe it's because of the fifties vibe that make me envision men in dark suits and old ladies with fur stoles. Maybe it's the walking into the kitchen with no apologies or awkardness just a big hello and on with the show. I love the traditional food of the place, my succulent shrimp cocktail , oysters  with hottest horseradish know to man , thick meaty prime rib and a lovely lemon drop cocktail that begs me to keep sipping away.  The place just symbolizes a different style and era of dining and I love it. If  they get rid of that red velvet flocked wallpaper I will seriously cry .
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,6/22/2010,690,342,19,23,23>Never in my Yelp career have I started, saved, deleted and restarted a review more than I have this Bashas review. One would think "This is just a grocery store, why all the trouble?"Bashas is more than just a grocery store; it is a facilitator. A facilitator of what we need as consumers to fuel our lives and contribute to our happy memories or to help us wash away the bad ones. Bashas facilitated the best Champagne Sunday that ever existed. It has provided the chlorine that I so desperately needed so many times to keep my pool from going green. Here I found the curry paste that started my affinity for cooking. The cake that ended up all over my living room at my sister's 21st birthday? That's right: Bashas.So many events and critical moments in our lives revolve around the tangible items we spend our hard earned cash on and we don't even realize it. We may complain about how long we have to stand in line or the fact that Bashas may be a tad more expensive than some other grocery stores, but we cannot deny that we need this Bashas. I need you, Bashas.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2009,6/21/2010,129,543,15,18,14>I'm moving in. The end. This is the most authentic shop (of any variety) that I've seen since I moved to Arizona. It reminds me of the mercados I used to hit up in VA in that it has everything, hookahs to religious art, and of course food. The bakery was a mystery to me. I pointed at a few things, have since tried two of them, and I have no idea what they are. But I like them. There is a huge section devoted to turkish delights, as I sadly found out after making my purchases. Great cheeses! Massive quantities of dried fruits, nuts, olives and canned meats. If you see me brushing my teeth in aisle 4, please don't mess up my cot in aisle 2. Thanks.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2009,6/20/2010,185,167,7,9,8>Okay I went here on recommendation from some Yelpers and I have to admit a personal flaw...I add letters into words and flip things around when I'm reading sometimes, so this whole time I'm thinking Cornish Pasty is a Pastry (notice the 'r') joint...I know, I know, "didn't I read the reviews??" Yes, of course I read the reviews; but I'm like the ship Titanic...once I get an idea in my head it's really hard to 'turn the ship around' as it were...Once I got over the initial shock that this was, in fact not a pastry place, but a pasty place; I was pleasantly surprised! This place is great! Our server was friendly, talkative and attentive. The music was a little loud, but for the setting, I think it was at an appropriate level.I got the Philly Steak pasty and savored the flavors of the meat and man, that pasty crust was dang good too!! Yummy! Even though I had some personal problems in the beginning, it turned out to be a FABULOUS experience and I would recommend it to other Yelpers looking for some good eats.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,6/19/2010,311,459,9,13,11>This is quite a schlepp from where I live, but when I get the craving for good scones or pastries such as hamantash and rugelach, I drive over to this place. Yeah, I know there's that other bakery on 7th Street which is a much shorter drive for me, but I find the quality of the baked goods in New York West definitely superior. Amazing assortment of breads and pastries, individually not expensive; but because there are so many temptingly good things, you face the risk of getting and spending more than you've planned.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,12/15/2011,296,138,7,9,8>This place needs some love, yo. Not the four to five star reviews saying "Yay!" and then never visiting the place again. I'm talking a serious customer base that will elevate this unique little Hawaiian joint to the level it deserves. It's completely different from any other Hawaiian food out there. Honestly, most of that island fare is kind of bland by my standards. Bland macaroni salad, bland rice, bland pulled pork. Blah, blah, blah.Maui Dog turns all these tired standards on their nose and tosses some wicked ridiculous flavor combos together. Who would have thought that a sweet pineapple and coconut slaw would have worked so well on dawgs and sliders? The aioli and shaggy-style island dog are also pretty fantastic. Plus they have Spam. SPAM! I love my pre-formed, processed pork products. Mmm hmm. Also a big fan of the fries and tater tots. (Everywhere should offer the far superior tot as an option in my opinion.) They are a bit soggy instead of super crisp, but I'm one of those queer birds that just loves soggy taters. Grease esssplosion in yo mouth!They have a drive-thru! They take cards! The guy that owns the place is hella nice and will chat your ear off! It's colorful! And different! But not so different that it's pretentious and annoying! I can't offer any more justifications. Get your ass to Maui Dog. Amazing doesn't do it justice.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,12/14/2011,189,498,5,11,7>I came here today for a birthday get together for fellow Yelper Arana W.  Being a Saturday I was expecting the place to be slammed.  It was only about 1/3 full and it only took a few minutes to set up a table for 10.  In good weather there is additional seating on the patio.  This is a new building and I noticed the layout could be easily remodeled to a full service restaurant with a full bar and a private group dining room in place of the buffet serving area.There were plenty of food choices and all I tried were good.  I have finally come to the conclusion that 2 plates of food plus dessert are all I can handle any more so I had my two plates of food and in that I had at least 20 different items in small portions.  I skipped the dessert trip (well I did try some of Arana's gelatos) because my next stop for the day was Sweet Republic.  Everybody had positive comments on the foods they had, including the desserts.The service, both at the table and the serving area, was excellent.  We were there 2-1/2 hours and at no time did we feel rushed.  In fact they were still coming around refilling waters and drinks.At $12.95 this is an excellent value and I am not sure why it wasn't packed as the casino itself was quite busy.  Lunch is only 11-3 and then they shut down and get ready for dinner, which I think starts at 5.  I very seldom think of a casino buffet as destination dining but this place sure comes close.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,12/13/2011,278,165,1,10,5>You had me at gluten free menu. Then you sealed the deal with your Strongbow Cider and free ride home service. I'm in love! The tandori nachos are amazing as was their gluten free burger. I don't think you can understand just how exciting it is to eat a hamburger with a bun for once. The patio area had a great atmosphere and my waiter was the greatest!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,12/12/2011,736,547,7,9,7>Aye Dios Mios!  I think I have died and gone to carne asada heaven. The reviews were right, Sonora Grill is astounding! I was so impressed with everything I ordered. The carne asada, hands down is the best in the valley. The shrimp was plump and flavorful, the tortillas were fresh and the guacamole... Oh the guacamole... Mas deliciosa!While the chips may not have been fresh they were still the perfect vehicle to scoop up the 3 salsas I devoured. I was even impressed with the rice and beans and usually these seem to be an afterthought in most Mexican meals. At Sonora they paid as much attention to the flavorful sides as the rest of the menu. Qué bueno!The girl that helped us behind the counter was friendly and helpful and really knew her stuff. If I owned a restaurant I would try and steal her away! This is a new favorite that is now in my regular rotation.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,12/11/2011,100,799,5,12,9>Unlike Carolina's at 12th St. & Mojave, this one is nice & modern inside!  This one wasn't mobbed with people & a long line either, when I stopped in today for lunch.  You can actually get in & order & eat!I ordered a #2 Combination, which included a green beef tamale, a cheese enchilada, Spanish Rice, & refried beans, plus a serving of shredded lettuce.  I added a hard shell shredded beef taco also.Every bite of this meal (ok, except for the lettuce), was just 5-Stars terrific.  It was some of the best food I have ever eaten, Mexican or not, & there were no negatives at all. The dining room was clean & comfortable, the service was friendly & fast, the prices low, & I forgot to mention that their help-yourself salsa is killer, too.AMAZING PLACE!!     :-))#2 Combination $5.45, Shredded Beef Taco $1.80.Breakfast & WiFi, yes.  Sunday, no.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,12/10/2011,666,231,27,15,20>The four of us were piled in my brothers car, I grabbed shot gun, as I'm instinctively want to do, quickly plopped into the passenger seat, only to have my little sister backhand the crown of my skull from the rear seat. "Let Mom sit there dick!" she said peevishly "Whose birthday is it again?" my brother chimed in. I let out a groan and climbed out, my mother and I exchanged positions.She sat down next to my brother in the front, as I cast a sidelong glance at my sister. "SO! Where are we going?" My mother asked impatiently.  "It's YOUR birthday, where do you feel like eating??" I asked annoyed. "Oh I don't mind, where do you kids feel like eating?"My brothers knuckles tightnened on the steering wheel, my sister and I exchanged glances and rolled our eyes. We three knew this could go on all night, and the further we pushed her the more she wouldnt budge. I knew personally that the blame would fall on me. Being I am the oldest, and the birthday dinner/movie was my idea. I scrambled in my brain cataloging the bookmarks of places I thought she might deign to eat at."FEZ? Maybe FilmBAR aftertward..?" Weeks earlier I'd made this suggestion to which she responded enthusiastically; and true to her nature, the day her birthday rolls around she's completely forgotten we even spoke about this. I began the routine again. "Fez?" I ask. My sister groans, my brother is silent. "Mmmmm nah.." my mother mused. "How about Durants, we could..." "OH NO NO!! Too expensive!" she said in abject horror cutting me short. "Whaat..? No they're not.." my brother pleaded my case, he obviously wanted steak. "Yeah!" I concurred almost getting offended "I could buy us all filet mignons and a bottle of red wine for under $100!!" I boasted. "No you couldnt." my mother said defiantly. We argued over the price of steak at full volume, my mother screeching at me from the front seat, my brother pivoting his head and joining in. My sister stared out the window until she was just too annoyed to contain her silent fury, a friday evening wasted with her brothers and mom was almost too much to bear.  "LETS JUST DRIVE UNTIL WE FIND A PLACE" she commanded in an imperious voice unfitting of a 14 year old girl. We drove on in silence, passing one good restaurant after another as the street numbers climbed higher and higher. I was quickly outta my element. We came up to 56th st. and The 56 Kitchen stood out like a neon monolith, hewn from rock by the brawn  and sweat of men long dead, it stood there in the distance like it was born to host our evening repast. We all knew, without saying, that this would be our destination. My brother pulled up the car and we wordlessly agreed and filed into the restaurant like a mock execution. The 56 Kitchen. I'd never heard of it, not even the merest bleep on Yelp, yet here it stood. I wondered afterward how a place so tasty could be so far off my radar, it wasnt even, to borrow that piece of shit Guy Frieri's phrase, a 'diner, drive-in, or dive'.  We all ordered like champions, ironically only my Mother's dish wasnt very good. We started with appetizers of "drunk bread" and some hot cakes with pulled pork. The hot cakes were a def. crowd pleaser, the "drunk bread" was..interesting, and while not bad, was...eccentric.  I ordered an "Arcadia Pie", a tasty artisan style thin crust with leeks, bacon, and big dollops of ricotta. My brother ordered a bowl of housemade Pepperdelle style pasta with a creamy pork gravy. My sister opted for the house mac 'n cheese with a side salad. Mum ordered a pizza that my lil' sis' described as a "totino's frozen pizza", underwhelming but tasty and edible none the less. We ordered beers and sat and leisurely enjoyed our meals, sharing from one anothers plates, I ended up eating most of everyones, and even finishing off my brothers pasta in the car, his dish was the obvious winner. When the dust settled the damage came to about $90 some odd dollars. Mother let out a hyperbolic gasp, and I nearly had to find smelling salts, bro and I split the bill down the middle and we all drove back home.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,12/9/2011,795,565,4,13,9>$9, all you can eat.No, that's not just the lunch special, that's the buffet price all day long.  We're talking fantastic, authentic Indian food here.  Great variety of taste, lots of vegetarian options, tasty naan, and friendly service top off the experience at India Oven.Nothing more to say--a long, detailed review isn't necessary here. Just try it for yourself and enjoy!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2011,12/8/2011,48,32,3,11,5>THE VEGETARIAN ANGLE:Dinner for four at 6:30pm on a First Friday could have been trouble, but there was no waiting, no rushed service, and no diminished quality from the kitchen.We were seated in the corner bench area in what I'd call a "studio restaurant" -- 12 or so seats, 5 bar stools, and in-your-face adjacent, bustling kitchen made for a lively and somehow uncramped 2-hour meal.Chef Osburn's menu had us perplexed by the varied and extensive offerings coming out of that tiny kitchen.  We spent 15 minutes discussing the menu and sipping APP: The white bean trio finds a way to present cannellini in three distinguished ways, but the puree with truffle oil lingers after the plate is taken away and breaks the three-way tie. The bread is deceivingly ordinarily looking, has a dusting of seasoning and absorbs olive oil very well.  [memorable ingredient: TRUFFLE OIL]SALAD: With Mom I shared the grape, apple, arugula salad that's served with blood oranges, smoked paprika cashews, and the most appropriately light application of blue cheese dressing I've ever had.  The oranges gushed, the apples snapped and crunched, the cashews were not overly smoked, and the arugula was crisp, not limp.  [memorable ingredient: perfectly purple BLOOD ORANGE fillets]MAIN: The gnocchi with season vegetables (artichokes, butternut squash, shitake mushrooms, leeks) reminded me that the fare at Centurion is decidedly French-Italian.  The sherry reduction with a touch of cream draws a sweetness across the top of rich squash, nutty mushrooms, and lemony artichokes...very lemony.  The gnocchi themselves were plump with a satisfying tooth-feel without being mushy or gummy or too potato-forward.  The dish -- like the others -- came out piping out, and with any pasta+cream dish, was best in the first 5-10 minutes.  [memorable ingredient: SHERRY]DESSERT: The table shared two: the espresso cup and the flourless chocolate cake.  The centerpiece item of the first was a dark chocolate demitasse cup -- yes, an espresso cup made from chocolate -- filled with an espresso mousse and toped with molten caramel.  The dense chocolate cup was a fun transport for the airy mousse.  (Idea: A graham cracker baked lid might have made this an interesting s'mores update.)  The flourless cake was also dense but not brick-dense, and the accompanying berry and apple-lemon purees made each bite a bit different. [memorable ingredient: APPLE-LEMON puree]SERVICE: During dinner the delightful server showed acumen in food knowledge and was attentive to everything from water to wine to cutlery to change for the parking meter.  When we arrived, the restaurant was serving about five guests.  When we left Centurion's small dining area and front patio were full.A strong meal for sure. I'll be back to try Sunday brunch soon.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2011,12/7/2011,154,300,14,12,10>Ha, nacho's nachos... or nachos. What will you have? I'll have nachos!Nachobot is in a weird place. When you arrive, it will look like a house. That is just how this street works as all the houses on this street are businesses. Deal with it.Secondly, the dining experience is more akin to going to a friends house and you laying on the floor to eat than a restaurant sit down place. Again, this is a house with some benches along the wall and a porch. I opted to block the way, and sit on the porch steps. so if  you're looking for a place where you can stare doe-eyed at your date across a table... this is not the place. Deal with it.Food: I got the chicken one, whatever that was officially called. It was damn good. The salsa sauce stuff combined with the chicken and cheese made quite a tasty treat. You know what I liked though? They serve it with chopsticks. Yes, effing chopsticks. Keep those hands clean for groping your girlfriend and use those chops to clean your plate.Beverage: They serve all bottles in the classic glass bottles. Meaning, when you finish it... you have to buy another one.What I thought was "bad" was that it was $7 for a plate... which didn't include a drink. But then again... There was enough food that I didn't even eat it all, so maybe I'm just being a little bitch here after eating on the cheap at home. But for sure, one thing that I didn't care for was the "one serve" drinks. I admit, I love to drink/eat at 50/50. So when I ran out of my beverage (water), I was kind of like, meh, I don't want to buy another one...  but then again, this place kind of strikes me as a place that wouldn't even care if you brought your own soda/water. Not sure on that.I will be back... and I'll bring a date (if for nothing else, how badass is it to say that we are going to go eat nachos while sitting on a porch?)
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,12/6/2011,145,177,5,9,8>WoW!   So legit, the real Japanese sushi experience is at Hiro.  Without any special motif or hip Scottsdale decor, it's Japanese and sushi at it's BEST!  Chefs..Japanese, who greeted every person that was walking through the door. It's  pretty small place, like ones found in Japan, and has one of the longest sushi bars I've seen in Arizona.   With daily specials written on the wall including conch (From Florida) in miso to spicy scallop rolls that are sweet and spicy.  The seaweed salad is always a great way to being your meal, Hiro's tempura was crispy and light, and the sushi was very fresh.  It is so hard to find a REAL sushi house and this one that I will be going back again and again!  The service was great all in all from beginning to finish.  We walked in not knowing what to expect, the prices seemed reasonable for sushi and we walked out knowing this hidden gem, is the place to be for sushi !  P.S.First Asian restaurant I've seen in Scottsdale, that I've seen alot of Japanese go to, AWESOME cause I know it must be fresh and good! And it was.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,5/22/2009,369,124,19,15,17>Have you ever seen that SNL skit with Chris Farley and Adam Sandler where they house sit and the dumpy, empty pool transforms into a tropical paradise complete with oodles of hot, gay men? That is what Nico and I had walked into. Now I hope this does not come off as offensive to any gay person reading this. I think that skit is hilarious no matter who you are. And Sandler and Farley are true comic gems. vids.myspace.com/index.c… I did not realize that we came to lounge by the pool on the last day of the Phoenix Gay Pride weekend. Not that there is anything wrong with that. I wanted to have a splash fight with all the hot guys. To be fair, Nico enjoyed the lovely ladies too. I loved the decor inside and pool side. Vibrant colors and just a cool, hip vibe to the place. The entrance plastic banner was a little unexpected, but it's clear to see they are in the middle of some upgrades. I'm sure they will have a trendy-looking, bright sign up in no time. We lounged and had a few drinks before I spilled half of my awesome Lemon Drop on the pool deck. The female bartender said it was a secret recipe. It hit the spot in the hot sun. After pool time, we headed up to the roof top bar to check things out. It was about 5pm and a staffer was setting up for the evening. The views were great and we took a few photos with the skyline in the background. I could see this place would be a blast at night. I'm looking forward to heading back soon. I see on their website that the restaurant is open. A girlfriend and I may actually go today after work. I'm craving a Lemon Drop and splash fight!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,5/21/2009,357,399,11,18,18>This was the second time I have been to Ajo Al's.  The first time was about 10 years ago when I first visited Phoenix.  I remembered it well.  I like the atmosphere.  Warm and welcoming, lots of cool are and things to look at.  I did not know this was a chain until I read the other reviews.  This is no Chevy's though.  This is far better, in my opinion.  The chips and salsa are fresh and flavorful and plentiful.  The basket they bring you is huge!  I had chicken flautas and they were delicious.  They topped them with guac and pico de gallo.  The rice was fluffly and moist and the beans were good too.  I only had ice tea but that was some of the best ice tea I have ever had.  I don't know what made it so good.......I mean it's ice tea, but I downed two glasses of it in no time flat.  I know there are tons of other non-chain mexican places in Phoenix and I will try them all!!  I love mexican food!!  But I will come back to Ajo Al's too.  I'd like to try a margarita next time.  :)
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,5/20/2009,174,98,13,15,15>Oh. My. God.How have I never been to Lo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles after 8 years in the Valley? Shame on all of my friends for waiting so long to take me to this hidden gem!!Think fried chicken with your breakfast of waffles, eggs, and cheese grits sounds gross?  Well you have never been more wrong my friend!I don't quite know how, but it was oh so right.  And I am not a big meat with my eggs fan (i.e. steak and eggs) fan in general so no one was more surprised than me when I was left craving some more of that delicious fried perfection after Brad E was kind enough to share some of his with me.The waffles are dusted with cinnamon and melt in your mouth.  The cheese grits are wonderfully authentic to a southern girl such as myself, and let's be honest, who in their right mind would ever complain about a freakin' Mason Jar filled to the brim with delicious kool-aid.I ordered WAY too much food for myself (shocker) so I didn't even get to sample the mac and cheese, corn, and other incredibly enticing side dishes that were scattered about my table.Yes, the place is kind of cramped and you'll wait longer than you want for your food, but deal with it, you'll be thrilled you did.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2009,5/17/2009,708,1493,30,24,25>Review NoirIt was one of those nights when every drinking party ends in a fight.  A desert wind was blowing through the streets that night.  It was a hot wind that pulled insistently at your clothes and made the hair on the back of your neck stand up.  The streets were quieter than a dead cat under the guardrail aside a moonlit mountain road.I was wearing my olive drab shorts and a black "Kill Your Television" t-shirt, I was sober and I didn't care who knew it.  I was everything an after-work regional manager ought to be and I was calling on Best of Italy.  She was exacting, charming and ruthless in the size of her slices.  I was feeling like a kid that likes to pull the legs off of spiders.  No more sense of morals than a downtrodden puppy.She's a grifter, a voice barked from the back of my mind.  Maybe she is, I thought, but what does this five-dollar special want?  Behind the flash, behind the smile, was there nothing but poison under that sauce?  I had to know, even if it meant the big sleep by morning.I tried her slices and they were good.  No, they were more than good and held that inner truth.  You know the truth I'm talkin' about.  The truth that makes you aware of just how aware you are. You know the world belongs to men like you, men who act as if it's a right to great pizza.  Pizza like this.  The truth that tells you the world would be a better place and not too dull to live in if there were more pizza like this around.  Because you're a part of it now, see?  The crust and the sauce and the cheese and the toppings...they're in you now and you can't go back.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,5/16/2009,446,326,13,22,19>No doubt the best dim sum in the valley. Everything sampled today was out of this world good. I wish I could list it all, but I did little or no ordering in a departure from my regular role. I put my faith in Helen Y. of Sweet Republic. Not a big leap knowing how serioulsy passionate she is about food. We had a rather impromptu gathering at this clean, spacious uncrowded (won't stay this way, go this weekend!) palace today. I sampled many favorites, but also items I had never put a tongue to. What I thought was going to be a gathering of roughly six people doubled in size which was fine by me. After putting my recent birthday to bed in the wee hours with a serious day of eating, drinking and debauchery, it was almost dream like. A most pleasant surprise. Jason W. put it best it was as if we were in the movie "The Searchers." Helen took the helm and ordered with consult of the table, like a woman possessed, I love her style. Various steamed dumplings, stuffed rice noodles, steamed tripe with ginger and scallion, pork ribs, beef ribs both delicately braised and gnaw factor perfect for my taste. Snow balls, pineapple buns, custard tarts, steamed brown sugar cake, fragrant with a hint of molasses perfectly textured moist and tender. A fry cart for the win, something that I used to see at most every stellar dim sum experience from coast to coast. This makes all the difference to have these tasty tid bits of goodness crisped up and heated. Radish cakes were tasty but of particular note were the chive dumplings. Bursting with chive flavor, crispy bottoms and delicate soft fillings, just lovely. Veggies, tripe, congee, BBQ pork buns, shu mai, har gow, bean curd, stuffed eggplant with shrimp, just fabulous all around. Snow buns, are you kidding me? These mini mountains of pastry were other worldly. Slightly crisp exterior, filled with creamy yummy goodness. Looking forward to going back asap.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2009,5/15/2009,151,182,18,20,18>Admittedly, I had prepared to hate this place with a passion you only see in the movies.The name just screamed "flax seed and watercress salad".Not that I'm hating, mind you. I'm sure the same people that just had a foodgasm thinking of flax seed and watercress will look right back at me and go "raw fish? chinese-mexican fusion? GROSS". I just realized that's the first time I've ever used the word "fusion" to describe a restaurant. I finally feel like I'm grasping the intricacies of foodie lingo. The next test is to say the word "shi shi" in a sentence with a straight face. When we sat down in the purgatory of warm, earthy tone-laced interior design that was the restaurant, the waiter informed us it was "soul food night". Normally, when some restaurants say it's "blank blank night" that usually mean that's what the special is or that it's a bargain. No, at Urban Tea Loft, "Soul Food Night" means that's all they're serving. We all ordered what we thought would be amusing forays into "Chandler nightlife with a hint of elegance" or some nonsense. After browsing the extensive tea menu, we settled on a pot of Rooibos Chai, iced. The waiter brought out a pot of lukewarm tea and three glasses with ice in them.Kay......I realize, in retrospect, that serving the ice separately was the wiser move, but I remember feeling really confused at first.It'd be like saying "I'd like that on the rocks, please" and the bartender gives you your drink in a martini glass and a shooter full of ice cubes and lets you at it.Actually, that's not "like what happened" at all. That's EXACTLY what they did.In its defense, the tea was magnificent. Fantastic, really. It was spicy, creamy, and smooth. I almost wish we could've afforded to order more of it, but we just had to try the food. Stupid hunger.For 13 dollars I got a meager filet of shake and bake catfish, a cup of watery coleslaw, and a cornbread muffin. And not even the puffy, scrumptious muffins you find in grocery stores.No, that was not to be my fate. The muffin was barely poking out of its holder. I remember being upset that for 13 dollars they couldn't even be bothered to take it OUT OF THE FUCKING PAPER, but I realized that was for the better; the moment I took it out of the paper, the muffin disintegrated into crumbs, and I spent the rest of my meal spooning it up.The coleslaw was soggy. Yes. I said it. Soggy. I know, right? How can something that sits in mayonnaise all day be soggy?I DON'T KNOW EITHER!Perhaps I've been spoiled on British and German cole slaw, but I expect it to have a bit of a crunch to it. It's not boiled cabbage, after all. It's not wrong to expect some life in  your slaw. And not to call a "tea loft" that serves soul food unimaginative, but c'mon, where's the creativity? Where's the apple or pineapple chunks? Usually with such a pretentious atmosphere you get a little "experimentation" with the menu to make it seem "urbanized".Oh well. The catfish, while crunchy and delicious, just wasn't filling. Again, in their defense, most places that serve fish try to gip (sic) you on it.No wonder people stick to Red Lobster. It's corporate and soulless but at least you don't have to hit a drive-thru on the way home.Look, I know we live in a land-locked state, but it's not like you're fishing for the damn thing yourself. I don't see you out there with a harpoon. Don't try to fucking fool me.Misty S got the vegetable plate for 9.75. By far I think the best deal. Sure, it's just a bunch of little trays of sides and is even less filling than the aforementioned meat entree, but you get twice as much of the "New American" feel and flavor.Fun Fact: Having spent my childhood in Europe, I was raised to believe that fish does not count as meat, and I still have a hard time remembering NOT to suggest sushi to my vegetarian friends.So, come for the tea, and stay to pay for the bill. BUT ONLY FOR THE TEA.Anything else and you're just wasting your money.Which can't be that bad. Everyone's doing it these days.Amirite, GMC?
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2009,5/14/2009,447,457,18,22,17>See what happens when you wait too long to write your review!? Phoenix Magazine beats you to the punch and lists one of your favorite finds as one of the Valley's best dishes! Oh well, I guess I should just feel "validated."Here's my take on this place:For $12.50 you get a platter full of diced shrimp ceviche bordered by at least a dozen grilled regular sized shrimp and no less that a whole avocado's worth of wedges. It's served with crisp, flat, tostada chips and is plenty to share! A real value!!If I'm dining alone, I generally get a couple of pupusas. Pupusas are like thick corn tortillas stuffed with cheese, beans or meat - your pick! They even offer a version stuffed with the loroco flower, which I understand is similar to a squash blossom. Myself? I'm a bean and cheese girl most of the time. And, I prefer them straight up: skip the tomato sauce and slaw topping. The chicken soup is flavorful and the portion size is significant, served with a couple of handmade tortillas.Salvadoreno recently got a beer and wine license, and, a I can't think of a better beverage to wash down a pupusa than an ice cold beer!Oh! I guess this can be my "scoop" - Salvadoreno is going to start offering a $7.95 lunch buffet from 11 - 3. Buffet items will vary depending on the day of the week.  I'm feelin' a pupusa eating contest as a lunchtime UYE!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2008,5/13/2009,2178,528,38,40,39>Could this store BE any smaller (said in my best Chandler Bing voice)? I seriously walked in with Rickie, stayed 90 seconds, and said "Dude, I gotta git outta here!" Fortunately they had a guitarist/singer on the back patio with a coffee pot full of java and some cookies. How cool is that? Said musician was eventually joined by a little girl who played her clarinet. Played is being kind. Poor thing. That clarinet squeaked more than the brakes on my 95 ghetto beemer. More than Peter Brady's voice during puberty. But how cute it was. How very Bohemian. Rickie scored The Knife CD he's been looking for and the staff was VERY helpful and not all weird slacker don't bother me cuz I'm too cool to move from behind the counter cuz I just know you two queers are looking for Brittney Spears or Madonna crap and that is so lame...NO...not at all. Nicest of nice. And we were cool. Besides. I'd never heard of The Knife. That was always my nickname for OJ. And he WAS not there. Oh. Cuz he's in jail! HA HA! Anyway, I digress. Stinkweeds! Neither stinky. Nor weedy! Check it 08 my yelpitas. Love you!!!!!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,5/12/2009,596,450,17,18,18>What a great little bar! I had not been there since it was J Chew, but our dear yelperrific friend Michael C is now behind the bar every Tuesday evening. I am so happy I wandered over last night to congratulate Michael and add to the tip jar:) What a great hobby!As j Chew, this place was a nice little bar-bar (let's just go have a cocktail, no small plates, nothing like that, just a good pour of good liquor...yay!:), but it's frankly even better in this incarnation!Comfortable as an old shoe (but smelling considerably better), and as friendly as new puppy (but, again, smelling considerably better:).I am so happy, that I am moved to write a haiku about the experience (with a nod to Abu J who is inspiring me to get in touch with my inner poet:)Glenlivet arrivesthen, happily do I drinkRefill please, Brackin'sI'll see you there (I'm the one on the 3rd stool from the left:)
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,5/11/2009,848,353,21,24,24>Being a Yelper, I have anticipated my visit to Pizzeria Bianco for over a year.  I finally got the opportunity to go to night!  Fellow Yelper from Houston, Ryan, was in town for work again and invited me out.  We met up at the wine bar next door and got a cheese plate.  Three different kinds of cheese, all really good and tangy!  The thin bread the came with was a bit too crunchy to eat with cheese on it, but tasty nonetheless.  Finally, after a two hour wait, we were called!We're in!  I'm going to Pizzeria Bianco!!!!We had a really nice waiter.  He was there when we needed, didn't hover at all.  We started with a couple appetizers.  I had a prosciutto-wrapped melted cheese on a skewer.  There is nothing better in this world than melted cheese!  The skewers were served on a bed of "micro-arugula" and drizzled with olive oil.  Soooooooooooooo yummy!  We ordered two pizzas to share: The Wiseguy and the Biancoverde.  The Wiseguy had sausage and caramelized onions on it.  Really good!  The Biancoverde, though, was even better.  Three different cheese and again, the micro-arugula.  I'm not a crust person.  I ate the parts with the toppings, but not the edged.  I never do.  The crust was thin and had soaked up some of the natural grease that comes with melted cheese.  Definitely got a wet spot from it!  I'm full.  I'm exhausted.  I had had a strange and mildly crappy day, and this made it worthwhile.I'll be back.  To me, definitely worth the wait!  I only wish my Buffalo sister, Jennifer, could have had such a good experience before leaving the Valley.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,8/3/2014,380,36,23,14,13>You know what's better than Magic Mike?Magic John at Space MassageDeserves another round of applauseGained a new fan, a new addition to your entourageMuscles so tightHad a girl losing the fightNot a very pretty sightBut you got me on that tableUnstable. Disabled. Worked your magic and I became enabled to walk again, work again, and most importantly, twerk againI love how you can read my bodythen customize a massage, leaving my joints feeling groggy,relaxed, and back in alignmentyour focused touch is a refinementI leave the studio feeling like a happy Buddhawho just got back from relaxing in the Bermudas
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,8/2/2014,378,474,7,11,8>A night out with my little girl was home from school  and we find ourselves at Biltmore FP wandering around. We opt into Julia Confections for a dose of sugar and coffee. We actually did not realize there was seating and desserts til we were inside. With that we sat and shared the sundae. Can we say heaven? The sundae comes in a large decadent bowl and all these sides of more decadence: hot, rich JC, fudge ; hot caramel ; nuts; chantilly cream; chocolate sprinkles. Mmmm. My little girl loved making her own bites out of her rare dose of sugar. The adults had cappuccino from the coffee bar. As if that was not enough, we left with more chocolates. The girl working was a bit overwhelmed by herself; but she was super sweet and polite and apologetic for the tardiness in serving. That goes a long way. This little piece of heaven is tucked into Biltmore and worth the stroll in. Worth the next days workout!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,8/1/2014,149,233,10,10,10>Once I knew "The Revival" had opened I convinced a group of friends to go check it out with me over drinks and appetizers. I am proud to say that we now have a place in the 85281 area code that is doing some serious work with cocktails. I had the figitabout it, made with local whiskey and local figgy pudding bitters and it was delicious - a bit smooth for me but a unique and interesting cocktail with strong local roots. Others had the cocktails off the happy hour menu and thought they were well balanced and delicious - I also had a Rye IPA from Hess brewery, and it was good - only thing, waiter needs to pick up the glass and pour at an angle versus directly into the glass - much larger head of foam than needed and I would like to see chilled glasses, if at all possible. When it is summer in Phoenix we need every bit of coolness we can get - from a drink perspective I would say wine and cocktails rule but a good selection of craft brews.As for food from the appetizer menu, the ribs were the favorite of the group - they rocked! We also tried the grilled chicken wings - good but I would brown and then grill them, like they do at La Grande Orange. We also had the scallops on top of the breaded and fried avocado. One person at the table though the scallops were a bit raw for her but I look at scallops like I look at seared tuna - it should just brush the grill and that is it so I thought they were delicious - though a bit more pricey at $13 for two full scallops versus $5 or $6 for most other appetizers at happy hour prices (by the way, happy hour is 3 pm to 6 pm).They do offer a brunch but please know that until September, it is only on Saturdays - I find that a bit odd since I'm a Sunday brunch sort of guy but hey, I'll give it a shot in a few weeks. The music is old school jazz and 50s and the service is good - I think the chef is still feeling out the food for this location after a decade at house of tricks and the plating definitely has shades of that location. I hope to see more innovation in the cocktails and the waiter noted that he was encouraging the chef to  do seasonal cocktails. I have a feeling that I'll go 5 stars after a few more meals but want to go several times before I give up that final fifth star - this is definitely a place I would go to for an early dinner if seeing a Broadway show at Gammage. All in all, I thought mucho gusto was good but this place has that sort of Brooklyn food ethic that makes for some unique eating for those of us in the land of eternal sun. Go try it out and I look forward to reading your reviews! :-)Note, I also went back the next night for just "a" cocktail and for one of the apps I had not tried - I got the Asian pork belly this time and it was delicious - then my neighbor sends me a text about  getting a drink and I invite him over and then I end up having the shrimp and chorizo app (delicious) and another cocktail and we started to get to know one of their amazing bartenders, Trent, and then one of the wait staff, Tory, recommended some other places for cocktails in Phoenix and David, the amazing waiter and cocktail expert recommended some other drinks and then my neighbors wife comes over as well and we do dinner (had the duck confit, good but hey folks, more food, big guy and all - but it was  tasty), then my other neighbor comes over and we do desert and coffee - so let's just say my expected $20 tab ended up being about a $100 but hey, I had a great time the whole time and learned a lot about vintage cocktails - look forward to sitting on the patio and enjoying the cooler weather - they said they are looking at doing brunch in September when the weather cools down.One thing would be fun, if the chef had time to walk out every now and then and to ask the guests how they like the food - at a place like this it is nice to eat the food and then connect with the chef - sort of like going to a film festival and meeting the director - I think that will help drive a connection with the community and bring people back - oh, cocktails, try the purple (or was it blue) daisy and the date night, and if Trent is there, try his pre-prohibition old fashioned with Maker's Mark - delicious!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/31/2014,1632,260,19,24,22>Like most west valley Asians would say, Great Wall is a staple.  I've been to Great Wall a hundred times for dim sum and banquet-dinners since I was  kid --- heck, maybe even since I was born!   It's hard for me to even imagine how my childhood would be like without Great Wall.From before their renovations to days before the kitchen fire, Great Wall has always served up delicious food.  As it is the only major Chinese restaurant in the west valley, Great Wall is always busy with a flurry of customers at any given time of day.  They have delicious hot dim sum and they have an even more amazing 10-course dinner.  If you don't understand Chinese customs, this place will always be LOUD!  Chinese people are loud.  We like to hear ourselves talk over other people's voices.  I think it adds to the charm of the restaurant.  ;)Great Wall specializes in a lot of authentic off-the-menu dishes like duck tongues, fried pork intestines with sweet & sour sauce, fried fish heads with eyeballs the size of golf balls, and all the other stuff probably not palatable to people who didn't grow up around these kinds of foods but it's all reminiscent of  majestic China.  *wistful sigh*Anyways, Great Wall will always hold a soft spot in my heart.  From sweet karaoke-infused memories to visions of old people dancing to terrible Chinese music.  Cheers!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,7/30/2014,1992,234,25,31,29>Some might call me a super-fan, but when Upward Projects does something, you can't help but love it. In the game of artisan pizza, Federal kneads out the competition. Having tried most pizzas from their menu, I've landed on the Manifesto as my normal order. I love the Manifesto, with exception of the mushrooms, so when I order it, I always sub for brussels sprouts instead, sometimes I'm feeling a little frisky and have them throw sweet potato on there too. Not only are they happy to make these changes for me, but the server usually says something like "That sounds delicious, I need to try it!"The manifesto, with goat cheese, red sauce, fennel, schriener's sausage, and brussels sprouts is delish. The toppings are always super fresh, the crust is a bit crispier than most other artisan pizza's from around town and the service is always excellent.$12 - $15 will buy you a pizza sized well enough for one hungry dude or in my case, large enough for two to share. Joining their email posse will usually score you a free pizza once or twice a year for things like your birthday or promotions they feel like running.Their vegetable side is neither here nor there in my opinion, likely because I don't love carrots, but the broccolini were delish. If you're a dessert fan (remember two deSSerts and one deSert, in case you can never remember how to spell dessert or desert for that matter) they generally always have a fruit cobbler of some sort. If it's mixed berry, you must order it, dessert fans everywhere insist. Oddly enough, I don't order dessert at many places, mostly because I'm generally looking out for my figure, but in this case, I wouldn't be eating pizza either, but when I am, I sometimes order dessert. Go all out right? ;-)Enough rambling and back to the part we're all waiting for... the end of this review.Always delish, always fresh, and no one has ever actually gotten fresh with me while dining here, not yet at least. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/29/2014,699,631,30,36,37>It was a spur of the moment thing and happy that it happened! I met up with Rand H, Norm R & Scott W to try the Reign of Thai buffet on a Sunday afternoon.Every item in the buffet looked delish and fresh,  I tried a variety of things and enjoyed them all, egg rolls, chicken won tons, pad thai, beef massaman curry, chicken pangang curry just to name a few.   Massaman curry is my favorite curry, and normally I chose chicken but the beef was good too!Service was friendly and learned from the server that it was her aunt and uncle who cooked all the dishes.Sundays buffet was 10.99 and it is very much worth the price! If I am ever in the area again you bet I will be back!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/28/2014,186,135,8,12,8>Have you read these reviews lately? Because they're pretty spot on. I hate when that happens. What am I supposed to say now? You know what? I don't care. I'll say it again because I am beside myself with joy.Tim is awesome. Appointment for our move day and time was made with a window of a couple hours. They called when they were on their way over and they got to the house at the earliest time they quoted us. Blink and you'll miss the move!! Freaking speedy as all hell and took great care with all our stuff. We didn't have them do the whole place, but they moved about ¾ of our whole house in an hour and a half, start to finish! The price that Tim had made over the phone during our initial conversation was exactly what we paid (plus some extra charges for boxes that we added in) and I don't regret a single penny!  No hidden fees, no "Oh I know I was supposed to be there between 10 and 2, but I'm on my way....", no lazy asses! Freaking amazing. A Master Mover was recommended to me by my coworker, and I'll definitely keep that referral going.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/27/2014,204,65,14,18,16>I LOVE THIS PLACE.The ONLY downside is that it's an addictive little treat.  Every day is such a "hard" day, and my back "always hurts" topped off with "well, it's only $35, my husband won't care."  I mean, others treat themselves every morning to a $5 caffeine riddled cup of coffee adorned with whip cream - is that really any different to treating oneself to a massage every week?  Or every couple of days?Exactly.  People need massages like coffee.There are a few things that make this place so easily accessible, unlike other  massage parlors.  1) No appointment necessary.  You can literally decided you need a massage and 10 minutes later be getting one.2) It is next to Sprouts.  It's not my fault I have to go to the grocery store.3) It is open late (until 10pm) and on weekends.  4) It is cheap.  $35 (plus tip) for one hour.  $45 if you really want to go crazy and get the hot stones.5) You can even get a massage while doing yoga.  In this case, massage = exercise.I really cannot think of anything bad to say about this place.  They soak your feet in warm water, and while it is called a "foot massage", they also massage your neck and arms and your hands and head.  And, then it gets better -- they flip you over and massage your back.Everyone is good but I recommend Tony.  To know my knowledge there is at least three men named Tony...but do not fret, there is no need to specify, every Tony is amazing.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/26/2014,420,461,6,13,9>I am SO glad these guys are back in all their glory. They are PERFECTLY located on my way to work for coffee and I've indulged several times already. You can never go wrong with their espresso as it is nicely balanced: not too mild, not too bold. I came back the other night to try their tapas. Their filet was a delicious as I remember it. Tender and juicy with their bleu cheese butter....SO damn good. You can run up a bill pretty quickly, the filet and two glasses of wine ran over $50 but it was worth it. Not something I can do all the time, but I AM still waiting for my grade in Public Affairs research, so I hopefully will be treating myself again...soon!The atmosphere is nice enough but the fluorescent lighting from the kitchen area spills over to the rest of the venue which doesn't make for the most pleasant atmosphere. It would be nice to have a little more ambient light in the bar area, perhaps some candles. It's VERY nice space, they just need to figure out the lighting.I haven't tried their sangria yet but I hope it's like it was at the old place with the "crack" berries. Anyway, I'm glad they're back and I look forward to being a regular.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,7/25/2014,341,77,9,13,10>Los Cerritos serves up the best California Burrito in the area! The burrito itself is HUGE and stuffed with well-cooked and seasoned carne asada, potatoes, grilled onions, melted cheese, and some herbs and seasoning that make this like no other burrito. All this in a freshly made tortilla for only $4.99! When we have a craving for Mexican food, we'll drive past the several other closer restaurants to visit Los Cerritos because the burritos are that good. I wasn't too impressed with the crunchy shredded beef taco, but the rice and beans were good and the lettuce was fresh. Now, I just stick to the burritos because they know how to make a mean burrito! Like Roland W. and Stephen B. mentioned, sure this place doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't judge until you've tasted the food. The staff here are always friendly and take their time preparing the meal (not just thrown together in 30 seconds in a tortilla like they do at the fast food chains). Los Cerritos is a small casual restaurant that serves up some tasty Mexican food!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,9/27/2010,1709,149,14,17,18>After hearing so much about Postinos and getting a chance to try a single piece of the bruschetta at a recent local taste event i have been intending to go here for a few weeks now and finally made it on tuesday. The parking lot was kind of small and pretty packed and we somehow did not notice the valet parking and just parked up the street a little ways. When we head inside the place is wall to wall packed and were told itll be about 20 for a table,so we sit down and relax but within five minutes were are being seated...Sweeeet!Our server matt came over and introduced himself and we let him know we were going to do the 20$ tuesday night deal and asked for a wine suggestion. He asked some questions to determine what we would want and suggested the capomastro which was actually the first wine ive liked. Teresa and steph really enoyed this wine as well. with the first round we tried several different bruschetta options by far the favorite being the apples and brie and the proscuitto and figs. After munching down our food and watching the ladies kill off a bottle of wine we decided to go for round 2 and asked a different server(whose name i did not catch) for a wine suggestion. Aftert a moments thought he suggested the cuatro pasos. The cuatro was not as good in my opinion but still the second wine id actually drink ever so not bad by any means. The second round of bruschetta was as good if not better than the first and we were all feeling quite full. The girls were quite loopy as well being 2 bottles of wine deep haha.The service was impeccable, friendly ,knowledgeable, attentive and quick. The food was terrific , the wine suggestions great. I can see why people love this place.The high point of the night was definitely getting pulled over on the way home with two drunk giggling girls in the car.He asked if anyone had been drinking in the car and steph and teresa had a laughing fit the cop just shook his head and let us leave it was the funniest cop experience ive ever had.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,9/26/2010,363,93,6,13,10>I'm a fan of The Herb Box. I realize I'd been there once before and really enjoyed it then as well.Today the family came by to meet for lunch and I happened to have an email in my inbox with the new lunch menu at Shea. Talk about good timing. I'm trying to be a bit better at eating healthy and looking at the menu, there seemed to be a number of selections that would let me do that & still enjoy the food.From looking at the menu, it was nice to see that they buy local where possible and are part of the Slow Food movement.We started with the housemade sweet potato chips with sea salt and curry. These are ridiculously addictive. My 2  year old kept telling us "don't eat them all" and putting her hand over the basket. We all couldn't stop. While they might not really be, they even seemed healthy-ish (for chips anyway). I'd love to see if they had an extra curry version.For lunch, we ordered the market sunflower salad (with chicken, bacon, goat cheese, dried berries, sunflower seeds & balsamic vinaigrette), the blackened chicken caesar salad (with crisp romaine, cotija cheese, tortilla strips and a chipotle-parmesan caesar dressing), and the kids split the brown sugar pork sandwich (with watercress-jicama slaw).As our little ones have dairy and egg allergies, they were great about working around that and giving us suggestions. They were super nice with the kids too.The food was excellent all the way around. I'm not by nature a big salad guy but I went that way as I'm trying to lay off the carbs a bit. I really liked both and will be eager to order either of them again. I'm also eager to try some of the more carb-y items on the menu when I can. They had a couple of soups that sounded wonderful. The service was great. Our server was quite knowledgeable, super personable and very engaging. He also put up with our 2 girls flirting with him non-stop.As far as drinks, we did green tea and blackberry jasimine tea. Both were quite nice.As I'm committed to staying on this healthy train, I think there will be many, many more visits to The Herb Box in my future. At present, I'm hard pressed to think a better healthy/tasty lunch option.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,9/25/2010,164,512,4,5,5>I took my Euro visitors here.I got them arrestedI made them ride the bullWe went to the restaurant and I made them eat rattlesnakeFYI- The restaurant was excellent, had very tasty food, and awesome management and serversSo while I wouldn't come back here just any random day... next time I have visitors that want some cheesy souvenirs and rattlesnake... here I come Rawwwwwwwwwwhideeeee!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2010,9/24/2010,189,498,4,12,11>Before Christmas my son and his girl friend came up from Tucson for a visit and to exchange baked goodies.  She had passed on she was in the mood for Chinese.  And being one woman and two men Chinese was of course the only option. :-)  Not knowing what their itinerary was I figured I would choose something in the Tempe area so their drive back would be shorter.  So I plugged that in to Yelp and up came Tott's with a good strong 4 after over 40 reviews.  Located in a shopping center on the Southeast corner of Guadalupe and McClintock it was easy to find.  It shares a building and patio area with Starbucks.I was intending to pick a place with waiter service for this and did not realize it was fast-casual until too late to change the meeting.  Well fast-casual may be what it is set up for but with the owner(?) running around taking care of things you would think you were getting waited on most of the time.First we shared a sampler platter and then I got Hong Kong stir fry, my son got Pad Thai and his girlfriend got Singapore noodles with shrimp.  He confirmed she wanted a hot dish as she was ordering it and she said she indeed got about as hot as she could stand.  I like the fact none of the dishes were swimming in sauce, so we could taste the individual items, which can happen at many Asian restaurants.  In fact I could have used a touch more and almost used one of the dipping sauces for the last bit of rice.  Much better, in my opinion, to add a little more if needed.  The whole meal came to under $40 including soft drinks and tea.There are dozens of Asian restaurants in the valley that also do take out as a large chunk of their business.  For the most part they do a decent job and in my book rate in the 2.8-3.2 range.  This one I give a 3.6 rounded to 4.  The place is very clean.  They are willing to modify dishes.  The service is above average for a fast-casual restaurant.  I am glad my fellow Yelpers led me here.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,9/22/2010,100,75,4,11,7>This is where you can take all of your out-of-town visitors who come to Arizona to see the Wild West and are disappointed when all they see is urban sprawl. The drive in from the Apache Trail is beautiful with vistas of the Superstition Mountains, winding roads, and desert landscapes. The Dolly Steamboat operates year-round, but makes seasonal adjustments to it's daily schedule. During the winter season, they have two daytime rides per day, and I took the 2pm. The boat was completely full and I'd advise to make reservations in advance, just to make sure you get a seat. From beginning to end, the musical soundtrack is completly cliche. It started with "Hello Dolly" and ended with "I saw God today." And yes, the Titanic theme song was played more than once. But I won't begrudge them because the ride was fabulous.  Highlights were rock formations, petrified wood in the rocks, and a group of longhorn sheep.  This is a very family-oriented tour and there were lots of kids and seniors aboard and everyone seemed to be having a great time.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,9/21/2010,216,161,9,6,8>Oh Fez, you and me...we've hooked up a few times. Sometimes just for drinks, a quick bite, an early dinner, a late dinner. but this last breakfast, it put me over the top...I'm movin' in. That's right, you and me are hookin' up! Cuz you are the real deal, Holyfield and I like my restaurants smooth, sweet to the touch and able to go the distance, and you Fez, you go the distance. You serve up an amazing eggs benedict, omelets that make a grown woman cry and a breakfast kisra bread that is a sweet, bacony, tangy, cheesy deliciousness. Oh, and the $5 mimosas...yeah, I'm not leaving you anytime soon. Call your mother, you've got a new girlfriend!
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,9/19/2010,510,292,13,20,14>This place is pretty fantastic. I actually felt like I was in a real life city when I was sitting here the other day on my laptop looking out the window. I sorely miss living in a real life city, specifically Boston, so places like this make me super happy. Staff are really cool and helpful. Its spacious and clean, and I don't feel like everyone in the place can see my screen, not that there is anything weird on there... okay there probably is, but bottom line is no one else is staring over my shoulder making me feel self conscious about shit I enjoy looking at on the internet. The coffee is delicious and strong. Nothing worse than a weak cup'o joe. I had a pot of their Orange Detox also, which wasn't terrible, but I could tell they used tap water.. I loathe tap water and can immediately tell a difference because I think the tap here tastes absolutely fucking disgusting. I still drank it though, because the chick promised me it would help me feel better.. Guess what, I sneezed all night. O'well.Another thing I liked about this place is that there aren't 500 hipsters or emo-assholes sitting around looking depressed.. maybe I was lucky that day because it wasn't very crowded at all. So yeah, I dug Lola, and the prices are CHEAP. Thankfully this is yet another groovy coffee shop in the valley that is there to help me avoid the Corporate Whore that is Starbucks.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2010,9/18/2010,300,261,7,12,10>Had lunch here for the first time and was pleased to know that everything is organic and vegan unless you choose to add dairy or eggs to the meal. I ordered the Smokey Tempeh B.L. T. (see pics) First of all the portion was HUGE! Generous helping of Exotic Veggie Chips and a side salad along with a sprinkling of cherries Plus this Amazing Sandwich. I do mean it was AAAMMAZIIIING!! Seriously, the Tempeh Bacon was practically like tender BBQ Beef Brisket, it was quite a magical moment for my taste buds. My salad came with a side of Living Caesar dressing, which is all raw vegan ingredients, it was a little spicy for my taste so I asked for the Pomegranate vinaigrette, YUM! Sweet, Tangy and a little zing from some fresh mint it was much more to my liking. I'm just ecstatic that there is something so Veganly Delicious ( it's my review so I will make up words if I want to)) so close to home. 4 stars for now, until I try more items, but that sandwich was so 5 stars!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,9/16/2010,425,213,5,15,9>At last...my love has come along.When chef James Porter's "Tapino" closed in May of last year, it was a sad day indeed.  It had been one of the first tapas style restaurants in the valley and  I would miss his bold and inventive dishes.  Now, there would be one less place for tantalizing international cuisine.Back then, he said, "This phoenician will rise again."  And he has, with something that the town of Scottsdale was in dire need of.  A cozy french eatery.With only 33 seats inside, but ample pation seating, it is ideal to book a table in advance.  The place has the feel of a French country cottage, with its wooden walls, tiny chandeliers, and brocade fabrics.  French music ranging from Brigit Bardot to Jacques Brel pipes in from speakers above.My guest and I came here on a Sunday afternoon for brunch.  We were seated at the only remaining table in the place. I started off with the "Mimosa maison" with champagne, lychee, and fresh squeezed orange.  Following that came the Nutella beignets with powdered sugar.  I am a sucker for beignets, but nothing beats Jackson Square in New Orleans.My main dish was the Croque Monsieur" with shaved ham, gruyere, and sauce mornay on croissant.  I felt like I was in Paris again.  The only thing missing was a cappuccino and a cigarette.  It was amazing!Our server said "As you Wish" after every request, so we both felt like the Princess Bride and appreciated the attentiveness and care of the staff here.From what I gathered, the menu is ever-changing, but I hope that French favorites such as escargot, mussels, steak tartare,and onion soup will forever remain on the menu.  I would recommend this cozy spot for breakfast, lunch, dinner, or a romantic date.  I look forward to returning there soon for dinner, myself.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,9/15/2010,197,182,13,18,16>Really awesome tacos here. I ordered the black mole and the conchinita pibil tacos. One of each and a steak queso. I didn't expect everything to be so big so I really over did myself. The queso I figured was like a quesadilla but it really isn't anything like that. Closest description is a calzone sized gordita. And not the taco bell version. The cheese was gooey and the undercooked parts of the masa were delicious. It was awesome. I broke out the plastic utensils and went to town. Daunting none the less. But I managed to put down half of it before the coma kicked in The mole taco was delicious. The chicken was sliced and covered in red onion. The sauce was spicy and not sweet at all. And the whole thing melted in my mouth. The corn taco shells are soft and made to order. The conchinita pibil taco was full of flavor and dripped juices all over the basket. Delicious. The horchata is unbelievable. Full of fruit and pecans as well as cinnimon and nutmeg.the salsa bar is epic. there was at least 12 different salsas to try. the cilantro was really good. and i normally hate raw cilantro because i burp it. but this was excellent and really brought out the flavor of my food. also the strawberry salsa was hot with a hint of sweet and freshness. and the salsa peanut was very tasty. very. very.I'm buying a bike just to ride here.  A lowerider bike with two 20's in a trailer. So I can rock all the way there.for now condesa....you are in my top 10.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/15/2013,730,209,9,13,12>Shhhh, come closer.  I gotta secret to tell you.  The Munchies Cafe has the best chicken wings I've ever had.Yes, lightly breaded, full of tender meat, and sauce on the side.  Works for me!This is a family owned place.  The cook came out a few times to ask how everything was.  The food is largely portioned.  My gyro was over flowing with seasoned chicken right onto my fries.  Yum!Got the munchies, yet?
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/14/2013,1350,404,6,15,10>If you are in the area, craving some Chinese food, stop here.  That's it, this is by far some of the best Chinese food I have had in Arizona.  If that does not get you motivated wait till you see the prices....The lunch specials are priced at $4.55 for a combo plate and $5.55 for the shrimp combo plates. With 20 different combos I am sure you will find something you like.  A soda will set you back $1.25 or go for 1 can of soda for .85 cents.  Hot tea and water was my choice.The Restaurant just opened last month so it still needs some work....Some empty fish tanks, needs some ceiling pieces replaced, but it really is a great place for authentic fast food Chinese.  I wish this place was closer to my home since they offer delivery. Yes you have to spend over $12.00 for delivery, but that would be easy for dinner or an office ordering lunch.If you are craving dinner and are on a budget you can still eat here.  Not one plate on the menu is over $8.00!  I think I ordered enough to feed a family 2 nights in a row, plus lunch for work and for about $30. OK so if price does not entice you the fresh food and delicious entrees will.  We ordered several different dishes and I cannot complain about any of them.  We loved the lo mein, beef egg foo young, Mongolian beef, fried rice, and cashew shrimp.  They gave us plenty of crab puffs for free as well plus a large container of white rice.  I generally am not a fan of the crab puffs, but the cream cheese was fresh and the fried puff seemed to be light and crispy.  If you are on a diet or really watching your calorie intake they even have lo cal entrees on the menu, not the norm at a Chinese Restaurant.  Chicken, shrimp, or a vegetable plate for you serious calorie number watchers.My family and I all loved the food here.  I hope you will give them an opportunity to earn your business.  The price for food is excellent and what shocked me more is the food is excellent.  Based on Max's review I gave it a shot and now my whole family is thanking me for a new found place to eat.  Thanks Max A.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,2/13/2013,1078,310,5,12,10>TexAZ Grill is a low key hidden gem in Phoenix.  It's location is modest, its decor is eccentric, very Texan inspired, and the size of the restaurant is fairly small.  The portions however are not so small.  I went for Brunch and of course I had to try the chicken fried steak everyone raves about. I was not disappointed in the CFS, just as the man other yelpers state, it is Indeed very good. Not made of the usual ground beef type of meat, it was more of an actual deep fried thinly pound steak.  What also came as a surprise, was how much I enjoyed the side dishes. The gravy was amazing, as were the biscuits and if your thirsty, may I suggest the Turlingua Sunrise. I cannot wait to come back and try a big juicy steak. God bless Texas!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,2/12/2013,145,198,6,9,7>I dig it. Ordered a small BBQ Chicken pizza. They accidentally made me an x-large and didn't try to charge me extra. Nice guys. Good pizza! I'm so down with trying other pizzas from them. Reminds me of NY street pizza, big, foldable slices with thick edges. They need more locations.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,2/11/2013,42,97,6,12,9>We had planned on going to the Rhythm Room, which is directly across the street, but they were still charging a full cover at midnight, and just wanting to have a late-night cocktail, we took our hard-earned cash to Friends.  Just as we walked in, a drag show was ending, which was a treat.  Only wishing we had gotten there sooner, we sat down and ordered drinks.  I was amazed at the selection of flavored vodkas and other booze they have.  Not feeling too adventurous in that area I ordered a Ketel One Citroen on the rocks.  Generously poured, I don't remember the price, but I am sure it wasn't too steep.  As the night went on the place thinned out, and soon the wife and I were the only two people in the place.  The bartender, Anthony, was a joy to talk to.  We ended up just hanging with him until it was time to go.  I would go back just to have a bartender that good. Hell, the place is called Friends, and I'd be his friend any day. He was full of conversation and laughs.  At the end of the night, he called us a cab and made sure I didn't leave anything behind in my Ketel One haze.  He nearly had to come out to the parking lot to give me a record I left on the bar from a concert we attended earlier in the evening.This place really is a comfortable and clean neighborhood bar that was welcoming to a random couple having a fun night on the town.  It was a great way to end a great night out.Also, I would totally wear a friends T-shirt if they have them.  I love the logo.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/10/2013,155,134,12,15,12>I came here by myself on a Thursday during happy hour, since sadly none of my, "friends" had the time or desire to join me!! :( Well, they missed out!!! This place is perky, colorful and clean.I had the chicken tacos from the HH Menu as well as a Prickly Pear Mojito and that was spectacular, and to top it all off I indulged myself with a Milk Chocolate Tres Leches Cake. and that was just okay!!! I've made and had way better ones'!!! Overall, great little place. and hopefully next time I will bring someone along!!! My server was great, She was very attentive and well knowledged on the menu items!!! Great place!!***   You deserve an A++  :)
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,2/9/2013,232,129,6,6,4>Z's is such a fabulous place for fast, cheap, delicious grub.  Their tzatziki is legendary, but it's true that your breath will smell like you kissed a garlic-chewing goat. They only get 4 stars because when I order salads, the lettuce is wet. Wet! No!  Wet lettuce is one of the biggest food-offensives ever!  Otherwise, they're legit.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,2/8/2013,827,495,,10,9>If you can call a place that's been around for over 20 years a hidden gem, then I guess that's a good description of Karsen's. If I hadn't met dayside bartender Heidi at another location I would never have known of this place and I've probably walked by it numerous times in the past.Located on 1st Street in Old Town Scottsdale, Karsen's is a great place for comfort food like burgers, salads, soups, and patty melts. Karsen's also sports a full bar.In addition to the food, the other item that's clearly kept Karsen's going all these years is the atmosphere. The staff and the owners clearly know and value their regulars and you can tell that the regulars reciprocate. Even going in as a new customer I was made to feel very welcome and that's the type of service that builds loyalty.If you want a no-pressure, low key place to get food or drinks in Old Town Scottsdale, check out Karsen's Grill, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,2/7/2013,421,66,38,16,12>I really like to hate on this place. It's so easy (cue Staples Easy Button) - it's douchebag central. Ladies, if you want to find a roided out meathead, bro-tank wearing, Scottsdale doucher fist pumping the night away, you've come to the right place. Fellas, if you're looking for two-bit skank with hooha's hanging out of her child-sized wifebeater, you're in for a treat. So why the 4 stars? Because, when you're blacked out, this place is fun. Not gonna lie. It's the type of place you go to when you're already 5 shots deep and you're just lookin for trouble. I, personally, am a fan of house music so I love the loud, in-your-face music blaring overhead. Some people can't stand house, so preeettttyyyy sure this ain't the spot for them. Those of you looking for a mellow spot to sip on a marg should probs walk over to Cien Agave and relax there. But those of you looking to make some bad life decisions and who might want to make out with strangers should def head to good ol' Hefe. If it's not absurdly busy with people stomping on your feet with their 8 inch hooker wedges, def get a bulldog margarita. It's delish and can def help kick start your buzz. Proceed with caution friends.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,2/6/2013,447,457,4,14,10>Experience is the key word for me, when describing R+D. It's not often you wait in a dark alley to go someplace swanky. Once called, up you get a briefing and an Inquisition: "been here before? familiar with the rules? any food allergies?"You get directed to your spot. Intimate as you want it to be... make eye contact and someone may ask you about your drink -- or tell you about theirs. Don't make eye contact and you'll be left alone.You must order from the menu. No tweaking (i.e. club soda instead of tonic is NOT an option).Each cocktail is hand crafted and takes 3-10 minutes just to MAKE. Some are performances in them self! Dramatic flaming tequila falls; bubbling "gin" being distilled before your very eyes, complete with a lesson on the history of gin. Prices range from $11 - $18/drink.A very unique special occasion experience!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2007,1/15/2008,53,101,3,3,7>Finally had my first Rhythm Room experience last night which is incredible because I moved within walking distance of it 5 months ago. I took full advantage of such for the VHS or Beta/Walter Meego show by getting my pre-party on at my place, walking over, and going through a small kaleidescope of drinks there to gauge their prices and quality.G&T's were 4 dollars, small, and not that alcoholic or tasty. Pretty disappointing for a hole in the wall bar on a Tuesday night. Next I went to Stella which was 4.50, also disappointing. Next, I struck paydirt when I got a can of PBR which was on special for 1.50. 1.50! There was a huge sign too! How did I miss that! I made sure to atone for my mistake by drinking as many as possible during the VHS or Beta performance.The venue itself is not incredibly moving, but serviceable. Just a rectangular, closed off brick building painted black on the inside with no decorations other then some blue tube lighting around the bar and some broken down ceiling fans. I'm fine with a broken down old music venue for a show, but this place doesn't seem like it was ever much. I think they could do a little something to give it more character. Also disappointing was the HUGE smoking patio which has no view of the inside and you can't bring a drink out. Why is this happening at places like here and the Lost Leaf?But overall I still had a great time at the show and was very appreciative of the 1.50 PBR special. Plenty of bar stools around the place (where you can still have a great view of the stage) to sit during open acts and breaks is also a huge plus. 3.5 stars.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,1/13/2008,296,138,5,9,8>Does anyone remember when Mill Avenue used to be a fun place to hang out? Yeah, neither do I, but I've been told from the horse's mouth (sorry to call you a horse, Mr. Man) that it used to be a hip and happening place with plenty of small, custom shops and dives instead of the now ubiquitous mega-corporate whorebaggery. Luckily, you have only to travel a little bit further west on University to steep yourself in that old school neighborhood feel. Thai Basil gets big stars for being one of these homey neighborhood joints. Along with El Pollo, Tops, Tempe Bicycle, HTC, Otto's, Headquarters, Buffalo, etc., this locally owned restaurant has consistently provided inviting ambiance, wonderful service and delicious food for pennies compared to anything on Mill.I just finished my leftover red curry chicken just before I wrote this, and it was every bit as savory and rich as it was last night (just make sure to put the leftover sticky rice in a plastic bag or it'll get crusty). The fragrance and flavor of all their curries (red, green, yellow, and peanut) is if not unmatched, pretty damn close to the best offered at any Thai place I've dined. Thick, al dente, crinkle cut carrots, bamboo shoots, green beans, broccoli, zucchini, red and green peppers with tender choice of meat afloat in savory coconut milk that suspends the perfect amount of earthy spice and hot chili to ensure that the meal dances on your taste buds.My favorite dishes aside, just about everything on the menu at Thai Basil has proved to be exemplary. The Thai Basil is their signature dish and certainly doesn't skimp on its namesake fresh basil and thick flavorful sauce. The Pad Thai is sure as hell better than what's offered at Bamboo Club, with ample crushed peanuts and noodles that don't turn into a puddle of goo once the dish cools. The Garlic Pork has a lighter sauce that still manages all the fragrance and flavor of its more syrupy counterparts. The papaya salad is crisp, citric, sweet and spicy, an excellent accompaniment to a rich meal. Or try the crispy spring rolls that manage to be filling despite their humble size. The chicken satay with peanut sauce is also a very good choice for picky eaters (or kiddos), although they'll truly miss out on the more complex flavors of this amazing food. Thai Basil is a fairly small restaurant with dark wood tables that are all very closely spaced to ensure the maximum number of people can be seated. There is booth seating along the back and stretching the length of one side, while high tables and chairs are located in the windowed area facing Farmer. The decorations are sparse but complement the overall Asian feel, with bamboo accessories, knick knacks and family pictures decorating the walls. The richly colored, metallic embroidered skirt/pants worn by the waitresses are also for sale if you're looking for something special to spice up your wardrobe.Despite its small size, I've never experienced the long wait times that others have when I come here. The servers have always been very attentive and quick to refill a glass or take my order, and are honest with their opinion when asked what they enjoy on the menu. I don't generally go here on busy nights though, and the hours I attend are either early or late evening, so maybe I avoid the hectic rush, because the kitchen is pretty small. At least you know you're getting fresh Thai from the folks who know it best as a result. If you don't have a lot of time to wait and just want a quick dinner, it's also possible to phone in your order or walk in, order, visit the shops around the restaurant and return in ten minutes to a piping hot order.Try out the lunch specials! They're a great deal and they get you in and out within the hour. Although this is the one time of the day I've been when it's a bit on the slow side, since the entire restaurant is always packed. But the crowd is oddly well staggered since I've never seen anyone waiting for a table. For about eight bucks you get a small salad with tangy sweet vinaigrette, a spring roll with sweet and sour sauce, and your choice of dish with a ball of rice on the side. It's usually enough so I have one extra lunch leftover, compared to the two lunches I usually have with the regular dinner dishes. One thing I've noticed over time is that their "hot" really isn't that hot, so if you like it spicy, make sure to specify. Thai Basil is a comfortable neighborhood restaurant that attracts the type of customers Mill Avenue only wishes it could, loyal ones. As Mill whores itself out to the highest corporate bidder, I envision the property owners diving through coins like Scrooge McDuck and doing their best impression of Mr. Burns'. But the obscene retail rent checks signed reflects the boost in product price and the blandness of corporate hegemony. It's a relief for this starving-but-no-longer-student to support a local eatery by driving just a little west of that circus.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,1/12/2008,201,379,19,5,12>Last night I finally ventured into the vaunted, esteemed, and very hazy Cheba Hut, and, well, what can I say. Having lived in SF, I've been inside every head shop up and down Haight Street and I can assure you that none are as remotely inyoface about the sultry siren call of MaryJane as this randomly-placed-in-a-Tempe-stripmall-restaurant is. Impressive feat, that.I walked up to the register. Friendly girl with heavy eyelids and an "I Love Weed" tshirt smiles and asks me slowly, "Heyyyyyy....you wanna....sandwich?"Oh, twist my arm, sure I'll have a sandwich, if you put it that way. Looking at the sandwich menu was good for a laugh. Actually the entire place is good for a laugh, including the giant blunt overlording everything from the top of the back wall. I settled on one of the veggie sandwiches, the Majic Mushroom (sliced portabella, teriyaki sauce, pineapples) on whole wheat. And, sure, I'll have one of these here Cocoa Krispie Treats right next to the register, because why not? I'll pretend I have the munchies tonight. It took a while for my sandwich to appear, and I wasn't sure if it was due to technical or human difficulties, but no matter, because the sandwich was tasty and fresh and good. A toasted sub that doesn't sit like a rock in my stomach, which is how I usually feel post-Quizno's. However, whether it was good enough for how much it cost, I was still trying to debate in my head.And as I ate, I got a little depressed, because I didn't recognize any of the stoner-friendly tracks playing on the soundsystem. What is all of this new stuff? Who are they? Where's the Cypress Hill of yore? Where's the Pharcyde? Where's Massive Attack vs. Mad Professor? Where's Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon or Pato Banton pleading The Man to legalize it? I feel very un-with-it, all of a sudden, but all of the visual hotboxing still ended up leaving me in a good, albeit extremely sedate mood. And, in the end, all I can say is, like, word. Let's get together and feel alright.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2007,1/11/2008,46,55,1,7,4>There's no shortage of options if you want Middle Eastern food in Tempe, especially around ASU. Luckily there's no confusion about which one is THE BEST.Not only is this the best Middle Eastern retaurant in The Valley, it's also MY FAVORITE RESTAURANT IN ALL OF TEMPE. The chicken Shwarma is delicious, and the hummus is the best in the state. For a cheap meal, try the "hommus deluxe" with chicken or lamb. It eats like a meal. Tack on a delightful staff, and a comfortable atmosphere, and what you have is probably the most underrated restaurant in Arizona."Best hummus", "best Middle Eastern food", "best restaurant in Tempe", "most underrated"...I know, that's a lot of superlatives - this place deserves each one.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,1/10/2008,65,206,7,7,3>We woke up to poo in the tub, so I called these guys at 8:00am... they were here by 8:45 and had the problem fixed by 9:40. The gentleman who came out, Paul, was just incredibly nice and patient with us (imagine: 2 twenty something females who discover this atrocity after the responsible men have left the house, both with pending shower/faucet concerns, and completely dumbfounded with plumbing jargon. Needless to say, we were probably the dumb part of his day).What's even better was that when I called (I read great reviews of them on kudzu.com... do yelpers never have plumbing problems?), the guy on the other end outlined the exact process, saying they would identify the problem, inform me what was happening and what needed to take place, give me an EXACT dollar amount, and then I could determine whether or not I would like the service performed. No guess work, whatsoever. Paul did all these things, gave me a good quote, and was speedy. He even tolerated my gremlin monster dogs jumping up on him.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS BUSINESS! It's not very frequently you find a good, trustworthy plumber.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2007,1/9/2008,11,30,5,3,3>Normally pithy nicknames and a vegetarian friendly mission statement scares this carniverous reviewer off.   Usually the wit bespeaks hippy cliche and the veggy-weirdo friendly menu ensures I'll struggle to find anything that once moo'd and if I do, it will taste like processed rubber.Not so at "That's a Wrap."  My wife describes this adorable wrap shop as being one which makes both her inner slut and inner fat girl happy.  It allowed her to eat good food until she was full without feeling guilty about ruining her diet.   She enjoyed the my sherry amore.  I enjoyed the Rocky VII, basically a cheesesteak wrap.  Both were excellent.  The pasta salad was pedestrian but decent and the fresh fruit salad was spectacularly fresh.   Very reasonably priced and an aesthetically pleasing interior.   Parking is a bitch though a serious problem if you go during a busy time like the lunch hour.  Have someone who can parralel park do the driving.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2007,1/8/2008,2083,305,31,13,9>I thought this would be an easy kill.I was already perturbed at their sales staff for standing me up on a previous appointment... so when the 'free week' coupon came in the mail, I foresaw my Yelpers revenge, for my mission was to scribe their demise, at their hand.-Day 1-It was a sweltering August Sunday afternoon.  A slight breeze blew as I walked across the parking lot towards the reception desk.  Every few steps, a wisp of chlorine from the outdoor pool would reach me.  The absence of smiles from the faces of each exiting member told me that I was about to be part of something special.The associate at the front desk invited me to peruse the complex in return for my signature.  I looked up from my autograph session to behold a large plasma TV serving up music videos.As I walked into the mouth of the beast, one word came to mind... conglomerate.  Yes, this was a Herculean aggregation of raw fitness potential.  Passing by several vacant mini-meeting rooms, I pondered the sheer number of financial obligations which had been entered into.The men's dressing room left me in awe.  I beheld cherry wood lockers and granite countertops.  Surely these are materials which doctors and lawyers would afford in their grand country clubs.  Oh my, I see a chorus line of fancy chrome plated hair dryers.Good lord, the bathrooms are sealed off.  No longer would I have to be subject to the smells and sounds of hunkered patrons working through their 'man-cramps' (aka: stewing chamber pot chili).Their aquatic offering was subdivided into an indoor and an outdoor water park.  A 5 lane lap pool, Olympic pool with 2 water slides, 2 jacuzzis and a sauna comprised the indoor kingdom, while a 4 lane lap pool, huge swimming/playing pool with 2 slides and a mushroom constituted the outdoor funfair.Yay!  They had the obligatory bleach blonde lifeguard.  Schwing!  [gyrate hips forward]A misting system provides a cooler climate for heat conscious loungers, and an on-site snack bar offered wrap and salad alternatives to the commonplace fare.  The outdoor area was clamoring with harmonies (screaming kids) typical of a public pool.The 2nd floor of the facility is reserved for the rows of workout machines.  There are no less than 23 giant video screens built into the walls.OK Lifetime Fitness, you win round one.  But there are so many other levels which you can fail at, and six days to do it.~SwoopUpdate 07/28/2008:OK, I cant be hating any more.  I love this place and became a member after they threw some cool perks my way.  You wanna try something new?  Check out the class with the pilates machine.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2007,1/7/2008,38,122,3,4,4>I think it's been summed up pretty thoroughly by others, so I'll just list a few of my favorite things.Bare wood ceilingBeautiful views of the mountainsNo bad seat in the placeFire pit with little swirlies drawn in the dark sandSalt and fresh cracked black pepper in a cute yin-yang bowlGreat food and even better serviceFREE BIRF-DAY DESSERT in the form of molten chocolate...... (they even wrote 'happy birthday' in chocolate on the plate.  Sweet!)The only thing I could pick at is...for such a beautiful and chic place to go, did they really have to put fake horsetail in the vases at each table?  Come on now, couldn't you splurge on the real stuff?Best lunch item:  Orecchiette pasta with shrimp, chicken, and sausage in a morrocan spice cream sauce.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2007,1/5/2008,39,54,3,2,2>"Hurts so good - come'on baby make it hurt so good..."------------------------First of all, thanks to S.B. and Mr. K for joining me for day of beautiful weather and damn good Vietnamese food. It was everything I was hoping to achieve and for the full table of food - we each paid less than $12/each. Craziness.I am going to have to let the men speak for themselves and ask that they share their meal with everyone, but I can tell you from my perspective - lunch was damn good and worth the three-hour-nap that I took afterwards. I had saved my daily java for the Vietnamese hot stuff that I knew would be at the restaurant - and it had more sweetened condensed milk in it than I expected - but I 'suffered' through it. It was good.We had Shrimp Spring Rolls and a Vietnamese Crepe Appetizer that had a plate of accompaniments such as mint, lettuce, and cucumber. We devoured both - and I'm pretty sure that it was because they were good, not just because of our hunger pangs - but again, I'll leave it to the men to discuss.Then they started bringing the additions for my Pho - I ordered the 2A - Beef Pho. I had a plate full of bean sprouts, jalapenos, and purple Thai basil. When the Pho came I filled it with all the jalapenos, most of the basil, and a strong hand-full of bean sprouts and a good spray of Siracha sauce. Damn. It is so good.I start with chopsticks and am working through very methodical bites of jalapeno, basil and pieces of meat. Oh crap. I don't know these guys and I ams starting to search in my food. What are they saying, crap...we're having a conversation...and it's a good one. Focus, I have to stay focused! Okay, I am out of beef - there's lots of broth and a ton of rice noodles left - I need to get busy - loose the chopsticks this is a job for a fork and spoon! I dig in Italian style. I, then, initiate the fork/spoon twirl and soon find that the prep cook never split the noodles - this is a bowl of fully connected, never-ending rice noodles. Crap. I am going to have to try to bite in and not be too obvious - SSSSSLLLLLLLUUUUUUURRRRRPPPPPPPP! And, there it is. I slurped in front of strangers and not just once, it was more like five, ten or fifteen times. I knew I was getting full and wasn't making so much as a dent in my Pho - and I was starting to embarrass myself - so I held back. Not to mention, just as when you eat ice cream too fast, you get a cold brain; when I eat too much Pho too fast, I get "fat, fuzzy, MSG head."Mr. K., and S.B., thanks for joining me and I'm still singing...."Hurts so good, come'on baby make it hurt so good."
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,1/4/2008,215,519,3,7,8>This place is the answer to Tempe vegans looking for a more healthy and sophisticated alternative to Green or Plaid, and a fantastic escape for those wary of the sophomoric palette and decor offerings in the area.Some of you may recall I sent out a call for suggestion for an article I was working on called "Tempe For Grown-Ups" for a local 'sophisticated living' magazine. I think I got about two solid suggestions back. This place epitomizes the antithesis I was looking for to the college-targeted crap that litters downtown Tempe.I love modern design/decor, and this place features an open dining room with tall windows and ceilings, hardwood floors, clean lines and simple sophistication worthy of  downtown phoenix. The menu (the work of the owner of Green, who is also the sous chef here) offers sandwiches for meat eaters like the free range organic chicken breast with avocado, and vegan-friendly options like organic wild mushrooms with spring lettuce, fresh dill, organic olive oil and garlic, vegan cream cheese and power green pesto (these all hover in the $12 range). Because I have grown up taste but not the grown up budget to match (and I opt for drinking my meals whenever possible) I opted for a couple glasses of organic pinot noir (only $6! They also have vegan chardonnay for $12/glass, and 10 organic beer options for $4 a piece) and an appetizer; smoked wild Alaskan salmon flatbread with organic grass-fed Mainland Farms white cheddar, caramelized shallots and cilantro crme fraiche ($10). It was a toss-up between that and the baked organic coconut tofu - the server suggested the salmon and it was delicious.Rad, right? Can't get any better, huh? Wrong - that's just half of the downstairs of this place! It's also a smoothie bar and yoga studio - didn't see that coming, did you? While we waited for our meals, they offered our group free shots of one of their smoothies (called Karmic Coladas). I'm not a smoothie person, but this was damn good. Their state-of-the-art studio on the second floor has chakra-colored lights, bamboo flooring and offers lunchtime yoga classes + sandwich for $25 - two of my friends have done this a couple of times and say it's great. Also on the first floor, there is a small retail space with books, candles and other new age, hippie-type stuff that might tickle your fancy. Even their bathrooms were rad! And I'm done. Oh! Vegan cheesecake, apple pie and chocolate mousse! Organic chai and coffee! Now I'm done. Go check it out.**updategot a chance to go back last night and got some more input for youHummus - not impressed, unfortunatelyRoast Beef sandwich - highly recommend it!Asain peanut salad - also very good, with an impressively full and savory dressingBottles of organic wine only $16, very, very nice.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,9/26/2009,835,246,9,13,13>No competion for this place!! I freaking love the yogurt here. It is icey which I love love love. Its actually really tangy but not in a sick way. Its set up like a salad bar, as in you add all your own toppings and yogurt and pay by weight. Which you would figure would be expensive.. not the case.The most genius thing is... they have the outside of those delightful Mochi Ball things as a topping. doughy goodness...AWESOOOOMMMEE (meant as singing)all the berry flavors are good. only complaint is, it is tough to taste the flavors before you put them in your self serve bowl.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,9/25/2009,123,110,,11,11>I can't recommend this company highly enough. Eco-Fresh is based in Scottsdale. They specialize in green carpet, area rug, and upholstery cleaning throughout the valley.I moved into an older condo in February. The previous owner had been here 20 years, owned pets, and was pretty lax about cleaning.The day before I moved, I had Eco-Fresh in to take care of the carpet as well as my area rug and sofa. Eco-Fresh uses Green Seal Certified products, and there's nothing but a "clean" smell after they've finished.The techs were punctual, competent, and friendly. The charges were exactly as estimated, and the results were fantastic. I had them back yesterday to clean the sofa (it's vintage, the upholstery is unique, and my cat lives on it). The service was again impeccable, and the results again perfect.Philip, June, and staff will answer all questions about alternative cleaning methods and are very responsive about scheduling.  If you're interested in greening your home, or if you have rugs and furniture that need gentleness, this company is a great choice!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2009,9/24/2009,278,165,10,17,11>Portions: HugeService: Top NotchAtmosphere: Awesome for loud groups and familiesThis place is a great basic restaurant for groups and families. It lies in the old Vine/McKenna's Tavern location, and while the decor isn't anything fancy, the service was fabulous and the food was really good and large portions. So some of their TVs are old school, who cares. They have great drink prices and daily specials as well as plenty of flat screens. They were really good accommodating all my food allergies and they serve cider, so I'm a happy camper. And, I love the fact that I can toss my peanuts on the floor and make a major mess with my 2 year old without anyone giving me the stink eye.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2009,9/23/2009,742,648,45,28,28>Having driven by this area weekly, I only noticed Damelos Bakery & Pizzeria; maybe it's their bright signage? On my way home I saw the sign, Sacred Hogan, and immediately flipped a bitch. Frybread and I have a deep connection, it used to be the only reason why I would even go to the State Fair, well that and a foot long corn dog, but that's another story.I was greeted by a very woofy guy, thick goatee, nice calves and belly... Ah yes, frybread. After looking over the menu I ordered the B.R.G., which is a bean, red chile and green chile Navajo taco ($8.79).Now I didn't see my taco until I got it home since I got it to go... When I opened the box I swear there was a white light emanating from its center, their tacos are HUGE, ENORMOUS, PORTLY, and well, LARGE! I could sense its mightiness when I was handed the box, but I had no idea until I had it fully exposed. My mouth began to water as I opened to take in the hot and thick goodness, my saliva acting as a lubricant to get the whole thing in. Its girth was only trumped by its heft; it took 2 hands just too barely manage it to my face. At the last second I chickened out, what was I doing? What would the Mr. think of me if he saw me like this, face to face with a potential love affair? Cutting it into more manageable pieces was the right thing to do. The meat in the red and green chile was so tender and well seasoned it just melted with each bite.At the halfway point I figured I would save half for later since it was so large but I couldn't resist its chewy texture and savory allure. Yes *sniff* *sniff*, I ate the whole thing, every last bite including the tender beans that fell out of the sides!!! With no shame and no guilt, I waddled into the bedroom fell onto the bed and took a 2 hour nap. Sometimes life just doesn't get much better than this. I feel like I need a cigarette.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2009,9/22/2009,189,498,6,13,12>Earlier in the week one of my customers from Wickenburg mentioned he had just come from lunch here and when he lived in town it was a regular stop for him.  So I Yelped it while he was here and found not a single bad review.After a disappointing time at the MVD I needed to treat myself to something good.Ambiance - OK so this is not a place to impress a date.  It's a bit, OK a big bit, dated.  But it is really clean.  A total of 11 tables and 3 of those could be moved and joined for a party of 10-12.  Most of the customers were regulars for a Friday lunch and 5 tables were in use.  The waitress (owner?) doesn't smile much but she is pleasant.Service - After being asked my party size I was told to pick a table.  As soon as she had finished serving another table she brought over my service and a menu.  She gave me a couple of minutes and then came and took my order.  When my iced tea was running low she appeared at my table with a pitcher.  There is a quiet relaxed feeling to the whole place and if you go with that vibe you will find the service to be quite good and actually faster than it feels when checked with a watch afterward.Food - This is the fourth star!  I had Chicken Apollo, chicken breast with sauteed spinach, feta cheese on fresh baked bread.  The bread as listed is pita but it is something different and better.  It came with a "small" Greek salad that took up a good portion of the dinner plate with basic iceberg, large chunks of tomato and cucumber and a couple of Greek olives topped with feta cheese and an oil/vinegar dressing. With iced tea and tax the bill was $8.93.Definitely a place to put on the list for more visits to try other menu items.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,9/21/2009,300,261,7,11,8>After trying their Salsa, Guacamole and Ceviche at the Yelp Event, I couldn't get it out of my mind, it was so good, so I went to have lunch here today! Let me tell you How Amazing our food was!!! To start I ordered the custom Guacamole, they give you a list of ingredients and you check which ones you would like, I chose everything except onions and word to the wise, do yourself a favor and make sure you get the pomegranates (see pics) WOW OH WOW, that was the Best Guacamole I've ever had, seriously!!! For my entree I decided to order the Acapulco Shrimp Ceviche (see pics) It was Delicious just like it was at the event. I also ordered the Chicken Taquitos (see pics) OMGosh! These were absolutely the highlight of the meal, definitely not what I was expecting and I mean that in the best way possible! Freshly stuffed with shredded chicken and bacon and then rolled and fried to a golden crisp, yet they were so delicate and flavorful. I would go here again and again just to order these babies! My hubby ordered their cheese enchiladas with two fried eggs on top, which they were more than willing to accommodate him with even though it was not on the menu. (Sorry No pics), but he LOVED every bite, only problem was he wished they had been served with a bit more of their tasty charro beans. And despite getting the generous discount card from the event last night (get $15 off $40) We didn't even hit $40 dollars ordering all that! I think their prices are very fair, especially for the quality and amount of food. My only complaint was, the place was still Bombay Spice-ish, decor and music wise. -1 star Please go get some decorations to liven up the place and give it some character along with playing some more fitting music, I'm not talking mariachi or anything but some Island beats would have been better suited than Loungey dance music. **The Food was a definite 5 stars for me though**
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,9/20/2009,398,837,4,13,13>I love the DBG!  How beautiful this place is.  What a Phoenix treasure.The first time I came out here was about 3 years ago with my mom. She's an avid gardener, and we made a point of going here.  We both had a great time with everything we saw, and easily killed a few hours walking around this place.Well, I came back here with Heather  to see the Chihuly display. AWESOME!  Gardens are lusch, paths are large and easy to walk and there is plenty to see here. Tons of desert habitat here.I also like how they have water fountians and beverage machines here throughout the park.  Walking can make you get real thirsty real quick. They also have a little cafe of sorts in the back of the garden, which is nice when you are hungry.  They also have benches if you want to sit down and catch your breath or take a break from walking.  Great place to bring family, dates, out of town visitors and anyone else!  Worth the $$.  I will be back!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,9/19/2009,236,133,19,17,14>Approximately three hours until the ripe old age of 27 hits me, after a long day of moving, we find ourselves in the Rogue. I am with the lovely Amber hoping to hell her plethora of visible tattoos will make it acceptable for me to be here by proxy. If not my cap proclaiming "I am the Boss" certainly did the trick.Being a divier place I decided to be one of the guys and have a Bud Light like the good old days (I don't remember it being that gross before). The bartender tells me I have to put my shirt inside out if I am going to drink Bud Light. I look down and realize that I am wearing my Guinness shirt from the OYE at Finnegan's. Embarrassing but the guy gets cool points for the comment. Afterward I switch to a safe Jack and Coke...and another and another etc.The jukebox kicks some major ass here. Plenty of punk rock, rockabilly, old soul that sort of thing. The Kevmo met up with us pulling into a front spot in his Subaru wagon and as he clicked the lock the beep drew some stares. Nice Grateful Dead shirt hippie. The band that was supposed to play never showed (probably syphillus complications?) so they had a replacement band show up about 11. Bomb Threat...yup that's the name of the band. They sound about like you would expect...screaming hard terrible wanna be punk rock.  At 12:01 I decided that my first act as a 27 year old should probably be to throw some elbows in the mosh pit of a Bomb Threat show. I ended up covered in PBR as some guy who knew all the words to the songs decided to spray the shit all over the place. It was so ridiculously bad that it was fun.In general I would advise avoiding bands playing here unless you have shitty taste in music, but otherwise this is a great spot.P.S. I think I am going to create a Rogue Bingo game. Items to check off:-Mohawk over 9 inches-Tiger Army apparel-Crimped hair-Misspelled tattoo-Person carrying more than three cans of PBR-Cardigan sweater-Tight girl pants on a guyetc.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2009,9/18/2009,458,172,11,16,14>OMG!!!!  I am not a fan of yogurt at all...but my Oatmeal Cookie mixed with Strawberry was the most amazing dessert ever!  (Well, not ever, but my goodness was this great!!!)What a great way to finish an evening.  I was tired from my workout and just finished a great meal at Bloom when I suggested Yogurt Builderz.  My friend thought I had the most magical idea ever and off we went!  I have friends that swear by this place and go here at least 3 times a week, so I had to try it.  And the prices aren't too shabby either.  And they have a great assortment of toppings...though I do wish they were labeled a little bit better.And while experiencing this amazing place...my other friends stopped by as well.  One had the Marshmallow with Marshmallow sauce and the other the Devils Food. (Which I did have a sample of...good, but it seemed like it was missing something...probably calories and fat!)But I heard that they don't have Oatmeal Cookie everyday....:(  I hope it's there the next time I go.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,9/17/2009,121,311,7,13,14>Fair Trade is a solid coffee joint.  The WIFI is consistently good, they have a plethora of drink options to choose from and the staff is friendly.  I'm not a coffee drinker, but the mango smoothie is amazing and they are happy to make me a raspberry french soda when I ask.I've had the chicken curry sandwich, as well as the hummus vegetable sandwich.  They are both solid choices, and are $6.50 a pop.  You can choose between a half or a whole, but the half is only $4.50 so it is wise to just get the whole and save it for later if your tummy is full after a half of a sandwich.The people that work here are genuinely nice.  They smile, and try to get you what you need in an efficient manner.  They make you feel good about coming here.  Extra good touches:  There is a computer that they allow patrons to use.They have covered free parking available for their patrons.It is in front of the Central/Roosevelt light rail station.The only reason that it is a four star joint for me is because the set up is a bit odd.  I have to plug in my laptop as the battery is shot and sometimes it is a tad difficult to get to a plug.  That is truly my only complaint, but Fair Trade is pretty solid in my book.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,3/28/2011,348,195,11,19,13>4.5 stars Oh House of Tricks, you are a sneaky devil aren't you? Did you know I was coming? Is that why you pulled out all the stops for my visit? Did you know you were flirting with someone who doesn't give 5 stars freely? Is this always how you are, or are you only charming when good company is around? Well if you keep it up, you're going to get hit with 5 stars! I have visited House of Tricks three times. The first time I was on a hot date with a couple and a dog (yeah, that's how I roll). We sat out on the bar patio and decided to order a few dishes to share with each other. We started with a cheese plate that was very good and did not lack variety. For the entree I chose the beef tenderloin rare. The other entree that was picked was the vegetarian lasagna. Now, with me being a well known carnivore I will say that I was nervous about a vegetarian dish. We were served a bread basket with butter. Here's one of my pet peeves: Cold bread with cold butter. Never the twain shall meld. One must be warm! Give me a softened butter on cold bread or warm bread with cold butter. Get it? Moving on. Our dishes arrived after a short wait. Ah and how beautiful it was! The tenderloin was on a bed of mashed potatoes and greens and tasted wonderful! The meat was perfectly cooked! Now to try the lasagna! Omigosh! What a surprise! The lasagna was so delicious that I almost pushed aside my steak to eat the lasagna...almost. I sat back full and astonished at the great meal I just had! The second visit I had was lunch with a coworker. I chose the Chili Rubbed Hanger Steak. It came with Asadero cheese stuffed tortillas with roasted Ancho sauce, avocado puree and cilantro rice. Perfection! Absolute perfection! Everything was delicious, flavorful and well executed! I'm not a fan of cilantro and I even enjoyed the rice! The visit was certainly a 5 star visit. My third visit was for a dear friend's birthday dinner. I was so excited to go! For an appetizer I chose the foie gras and fig appetizer. It was so decadent. The mixture of savory/salty foie gras with a sweet fig mixture was heavenly! For my main dish I went with the tenderloin on top of a greens mixture and mashed potatoes. Everything was great until I started tasting WAY TOO MUCH salt. I am a salt lover and it turned out that the potatoes were oversalted. I called our servers attention to it and and she brought another dish out with just sauteed greens. It was perfect! I adore House of Tricks. Their menu changes with the seasons and there is always something new I want to try on the menu. If it weren't for a couple VERY SMALL issues, I would give them 5 stars in a heart beat! I look forward to visiting the restaurant again VERY soon!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,3/27/2011,128,30,15,11,11>I feel really bad about not bestowing five whole stars upon this place in my previous review. In hindsight, the only explanation I have is that I was "holding back" because it was my first visit to ANY Indian restaurant in the valley since moving here and I didn't want to just go carelessly throwing five stars around before experiencing other Indian restaurants. To help you understand what I mean ... It's as if you were an ice skating judge at the Winter Olympics. And the first skater out, say, from the Congo, absolutely blows you away. Like, you can't believe it! But the whole time she's skating  you're thinking 'The Congo? Do they even have skates? Have they ever even seen ice?' And she finishes her routine and it's flawless. But you haven't seen any of the other skaters yet. So you can't go ahead and give her a perfect score, especially without seeing the Russian chick first. But you're not allowed to wait and see the Russian chick before having to submit your score for the gal from the Congo.  They need your score right now! So you ding her for some arbitrary reason, like her skate laces weren't the same length as each other. Or something.And then you get a chance to watch the other skaters, Russian chick included, and they were all just "meh." And you wish you could go back and change your score for Ms. Congo, but you can't; the IOC won't allow that. And you have recurring nightmares about the medal ceremony, where she stands on the podium with her bronze medal, just below the South Korean girl (who trains in the US) and yes ... the Russian chick. But she displays great sportsmanship. She smiles as the Russian flag waves and "Gosudarstvenny Gimn Rossiyskoy Federatsii" (that obnoxious national anthem) plays over the loudspeaker. She is probably happy with her bronze medal. She might even be a hero in her home country. But you know it's just not right. She was done an injustice, and YOU were responsible for it!!Luckily this is Yelp, and not the Winter Olympics. Now that I have eaten at several other Indian restaurants in the valley, I have become a regular at Star of India and would like my previous three star review stricken from the record and replaced with five strong stars. In fact, I'm gathering signatures on a petition that Star of India be renamed Five Stars of India. They deserve their gold medal.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,3/26/2011,218,116,2,6,5>This place is the real deal.  I have been back twice now.  Once for dinner and once for lunch.  The food was amazing again!The open-faced pork loin sandwich was just HEAVENLY!!!  Thick cut multi-grain bread, mashed sweet potatoes, braised greens, topped with 5 thin cut slices of pork loin covered in some sort of gravy brought down by angels.  A side of quinoa salad topped off this lunch.  Just check out the picture.  Nuff said.  HEAVENLY!!!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,3/25/2011,1710,1170,6,9,8>This is one of the best Asian restaurants in the valley. When you first visit you will notice that the decor and lighting is superb - suitable for a date night. The staff are gracious. Most importantly tho, the food here is fantastic. From the spring rolls and kung pao to the egg drop soup. Every meal I watched come out (to other tables) looked better and better. Now that I trust them I will return to sample some less cliché dishes.This also happens to be one of the least expensive lunch places in the area.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,3/24/2011,540,167,20,23,18>Nothing could be more serious than what I'm about to say... Listen. Up. We have been using another local print shop for several years that shall go unnamed because of how much I hate them. They're nice, talented people for the most part, especially Robert, but holy hell I don't understand how they stay in business. We used them despite them. In the most recent situation that draws my ever-loving ire, they sent us a half order and accused us of losing the other half. Then, we tried to switch over to Impact, who on two occasions ignored my requests for a quote. That was awesome. So I begin to scour the Interwebs, high and lo, begging, praying, beseeching the Gods above for a printing company to just be effing awesome. Lo and behold, such a company exists. The Heavens parted, angels sang to Odysseus' Sirens, and I found O'neil. O'neil is the real deal and if you don't get your stuff printed here you're evil. It doesn't matter if you've never heard of them. Even if you don't need stuff printed, you should make something up and send it here. They're hyper local and by that I mean they're not only local but locally EMPLOYEE owned. Yeah boooooiiiii!They've been in business for about 103 years or some crazy number to which I can hardly count. If you want to know the truth, I think in the future, I used a time machine to go back to the past to influence my future by founding this company that year just so that 100 years later I could look like a genius for finding such a great company to print our shite. In case you need to visually verify the veracity of my claims, pull a Cosmo Kramer like I did and just bust down their front door. It's probably not locked though they claimed upon my departure there'd be a "Dallas G" policy.  I'm so happy. Even if they send me a box of flaming dog excrement they'll have done it with way more class, style, and responsiveness than the others in town. O'Neil for President!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,3/23/2011,362,221,10,20,17>FnB is how every restaurant should be. Unfortunately this will not happen because Pavle Milic, who runs the place, cannot be at every restaurant. This is a small, friendly restaurant in my hood, that just happens to have some of the best food you will find. I always feel welcomed & taken care of by the staff. I've come here with friends, but I've also come alone & felt totally welcome. I like sitting up at the counter, and I've actually met some really great people to chat with there. Pavle & his wife run the place, & they are the kind of people who always make you feel like they are glad you are there.Chef Charlene does things with food that make it amazing, & these are things that I myself could never accomplish. My main cooking skills involve a microwave or a menu. I just wish I had the funds to eat here more often.In conclusion, fabulous food combined with wonderful service make me feel lucky to have FnB in my neighborhood. :)
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/4/2010,3/22/2011,411,144,7,15,10>-Sandwiches are pricey. Nothing special.  $7.50+ (includes a pickle and small cookie.)-Lunch lines not very organized, moved slowly.-I would give 5-stars for the cookies, they are really GOOD!-Beverage area is in the next room, found this confusing. Too much chit-chat among employees behind the beverage counter, instead of helping customers.-Pretty decor. Plently of tables to eat at.-Very friendly employees.-Parking (1 hour) is along Main St or parking lot around the corner.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,3/21/2011,391,272,15,10,7>Finally made it to 5th and Wine last night. Is it bad that I had 3 glasses of wine and a martini? If I wasn't hungover the next day does that mean I am an alcoholic or just a professional?  I don't care to know the answer, because that might keep me from coming back!Our waiter Michael, whose name I remember because my mom only dates Michaels and he made a joke about her not looking like any of his ex-girlfriends, was fucking fabulous. Sorry, but sometimes I really like to use expletives to describe how great something was. I should probably give 5th and Wine 5 stars.  You know what?  I will.Live singer on Thursday nights- awesome.Me singing along and knowing every song because I'm good like that- even better.Waiter who aims to please- fantastic.Good wine- makes me happy.$40 a bottle- makes me happy I'm not paying.Bruschetta choices- perfect and so far, all delicious.   Reuniting my mom and a Michael from her past who still desperately loves her- what good daughters do.Hoping Mother's current boyfriend named Michael never reads this- priceless.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,3/20/2011,411,271,15,17,15>Once upon a time I thought the greatest thing that could come from a truck was ice cream.  Not anymore.  Let me tell you a little about Torched Goodness - the best thing on wheels!Torched Goodness is a mobile food truck that serves up oh so very decadent crème brulee.  Made fresh with local ingredients and torched to order, this stuff is truly amazing.I recently started using twitter, and for the past week followed (OK, stalked) Torched Goodness (torchedgoodness) to see when I would have my chance at one of my favorite dessert treats.  Early Saturday I get the call - my friend knows the truck will be at the North Scottsdale farmers market - Let's Go!!  I don't think I have ever gotten out the door so quickly.  Once we arrived, I wanted to start running toward the truck like the Griswold family ran towards Wally World, but managed to hold myself back.  Getting to that truck felt like the longest 50 yards ever.  We were greeted by Chef Eric Ireland - the chef/owner/crème brulee master (trained at Le Cordon Bleu!) who was kind enough to let us sample multiple flavors.  Each one seemed better than the last.  Creamy and flavorful, but not overpowering.  After much debate, we settled on vanilla and lavender (we will eventually try them all, I am sure!).  Then the fun really started.  Chef fired up the torch and put a perfect crust on the top of the generously-sized portions.  Did I mention these beauties are only $4?  Good luck finding that anywhere else!While we enjoyed our tasty treats, we were able to chat with Chef Ireland about the truck (not so good for the highway!), the various locations he visits, and how much he enjoys what he does.  Want some crème brulee at your next event?  He caters, too!  Hmmm... my birthday is coming up...  Great way to start the weekend - crème brulee really is the breakfast of champions.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/19/2011,742,648,16,34,33>I've never written about him before, I have a gay father. Well, technically he's not my real father but a man who I met some years ago. Coming out for me was pretty tough, married, house in the suburbs and a wife who I loved deeply. After coming out to her, my family and friends, my therapist suggested I quickly join an online support group for married gay men, and that's where I met Larry Johnson. A kind older man, Larry immediately took me under his wing; living in San Francisco it was easy for him to show me more about our mutual passion, food.  Over the years we've exchanged thousands of emails and I've visited him in SF as often as I could, Larry taught me a great deal about fine dining. Including how to have food adventures and about getting the most out of life's pleasures. While my mom will always be my first food hero, Larry will always be my gay dad and has helped to make me who I am today. So when he comes into town for a visit I'm always a little stressed out about where to take him for dinner. This visit was easy, I decided to choose something basic and straight forward like steak. Opened 60 years ago, Durant's is not only a Phoenix institution but is also a great steakhouse. While the trend of new steakhouses in the Valley has finally started to taper off, Durant's classic approach is commendable and endearing. I'm talking about fantastically tender steak, understandable sides and professional service. Steakhouses in general are probably some of the most expensive restaurants in town. So I was ready to spend a mint on dinner but did notice one thing at Durant's, the steaks aren't ala carte. This means when you order a steak you're not only getting soup or salad but you're also getting your choice of accompaniment, what a value.Entering Durant's from the rear will take you right through the kitchen, dont worry about this, its all part of the charm. You'll see that the kitchen is spotless and most of the cooks turn around and give you a warm smile and a happy hello. Once you get into the dining room its all old school. Black leather booths, crushed red velour wallpaper and dim lighting all set the mood for a relaxed and subdued dinner experience. Ordering the 16 oz Ribeye Steak ($39.50) was an easy choice for most steak lovers. The ribeye for has the perfect amount of marbling to meat ratio, this means that the meat will be really flavorful without being too fatty. I have to tell you, the ribeye at Durant's was one of the best steaks I've had in years. This thick juicy steak was everything that a steak should be, slightly salty with a distinct smoky char and perfectly tender. I also upgraded my side to the Stuffed Baked Potato ($4.95), think twice baked potato. Larry's 8oz New York Strip ($29.50) and loaded baked potato were delivered. Not only was the steak perfectly seasoned, it was expertly cooked at medium-rare as requested. A silence fell over the table as we enjoyed our meals together. Durant's not only impressed me and me made look good, but they made me proud of our restaurant heritage here in Phoenix. Durant's, thank you.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,12/11/2012,2276,947,20,26,22>I've been here a few of times with friends, and like the food very, very much.There is a reason, there are over 500 plus Chicago style (Italian Beef & or Hot Dog) places in Chicagoland and why no one can agree.  You have Al's Beef, Super Dawg, Gold Coast, Luke's, Joey's, Portillo's, U Dawg U, Little Louie's, Michael's Red Hot, and so on, and so forth.  Just for fun, type-in: "Italian Beef" into Yelp's Chicago search engine and see all the choices.  I was surprised that the computer didn't crash, and that was just for "Italian Beef", try "Hot Dog" afterwards, too.So, is it truly a wonder why several Chicago-ites cannot agree on what a good Chicago place is here in the Valley of the Sun?  What Chicago Hamburger does best, can be found in their name.  Hamburgers!  More specifically, Sliders!If you have ever been to a White Castle, then you know what a Slider is.  Sorry for ending in a preposition. Imagine what a good All Beef Slider would taste like if you used quality meats and put more then 1 oz of meat on a bun.  Now you know all you need to know about Chicago Hamburger Company!   And, the price for this Windy City Slider?  $0.99!Oh, one additional item -- you need to get here early or late, because the kids start arriving from school around 11:30, and CHC has a ridiculously tiny parking lot.  You've been warned!So run, don't walk to Chicago Hamburger Company for their Windy City Slider, or to Al's Beef for a great Italian Beef or Luke's for a great Hot Dog.  I call that a division of labor.Enjoy!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,12/10/2012,367,306,7,13,10>Open for lunch!My first time here I want with a group of girls from the office.Upon walking in the place is super cozy and welcoming. The owner greeted us right away. He began telling us about the restaurant and gave us great suggestions about what to order. We had two pizzas and a sandwich to share. The steak sandwich was ridiculously good! The pizzas were just the right size for one person and the crust was awesome. The homemade olives are so good as well! They even have unique sodas in glass bottles.I am loving this place and the price for lunch is great too!You have to check out this hidden gem, but don't take my seat!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,12/9/2012,1114,557,5,8,7>I am a fan. I usually wait for a few visits before I review just so I do not pass along un-trusting reviews. Well Jesters is much better then the reviews let up. The food is fresh and well made. The place is clean and the service is spot on. I had a burrito, filled with meat, beans, cheese, and killer hot salsa. (I was having stuffed head syndrome that day) Man was it good. The second time I had the ground beef enchilada's. While it seems really boring the meal was great. The flavor just kinda melted together in a symphony of yum. If you live/work near by stop in....tell em Daren C sent ya. If you don't like it tell em Nick B sent ya. LOL
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,12/8/2012,221,176,6,8,7>I love this place and I think the fact that I am the duke here shows it.The beer selection is great with some very good flavors. The Wet Snout and Red Rover are two of my favorites. However the seasonals and specials are usually pretty impressive. They also have very reasonable prices  for the beer. The sampler is a great way to try everything and is plenty of beer.I also like the atmosphere. This is a brewery and a bar and doesn't want to be any more. It is like a great blend of hanging out in a buddies basement and relaxing at the bar. They have a popcorn machine in the corner, some fun board and card games, and TV's playing sports or movies. It's a fun place to come unwind for 30 minutes or a few hours. They don't have food aside from the aforementioned popcorn but they welcome you ordering in or bringing food with you.The service has also been great with knowledgable and friendly staff. If you have a question about a beer or want a suggestion they are great at helping you out.Now please don't start flooding the place with business because I still want to be able to get a seat when I show up.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,12/7/2012,186,135,8,12,10>Girl's day out time! My friend, Deb, and I had been eyeing Art of Merlot for a little bit when a Google Offer popped up! We snagged it and came in on a Sunday, fruity wine in hand, to paint Spring Blossoms. The class started a little early since nearly everyone was there, so I suggest coming about 10 minutes early to set up and leisurely chat with your date. Our instructor was really sweet and accentuated that there is no "right" way to do things. Paint as you please! but this is how you do it if you want the result to look similar to the focus painting. I'm not creative in the painting or drawing sense, so I stuck VEEEEERY closely to what she taught us and my result has gotten many a compliment. I like how they took a few pictures during the class of you and your "date" as you paint, and then of the whole class, that they post to Facebook. It really rounded out a fun time!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,12/6/2012,146,165,9,9,12>Who am I kidding with my original four star review??? We all knew I'd be bumping it up to five stars eventually. Well, looks like that eventually has come sooner rather than later. I decided to go back today (yes, for the second time within their first week of business) and try out a few other menu items. I also wanted to check out their patio on such a lovely Sunday afternoon. I am not disappointed to say that I thoroughly enjoyed myself once again. Our server was Jet (a staple at all Upward Projects restaurants) and he is always on top of his game. I'm glad to see he'll be hanging out at Federal Pizza...that means the staff will be as excellent as what you can find at all of their restaurants. I tried the caprese sandwich this time around and was pleasantly surprised. Pane Bianco may have a competitor here...the mozzarella was super fresh, the basil was fragrant, and the tomatoes were juicy and tangy. Not to mention the deliciously charred bread that was drizzled with olive oil. So tasty! The drinks were as lovely as before and the patio was perfection on a sunny fall day. So hurry over my fellow Yelpers...I promise you'll enjoy every bite!
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,12/5/2012,666,231,23,17,23>Birds chirped in the sunshine, suv's full of well dressed brats in patent leather shoes and sunday finery were carted off to church, old folks sat on their porches with coffee and the Az republic, others gathered for brunch, more still awoke to Sunday morning broad casts and weekend chores- yet not Scott and I. We rode down sixteenth street like mongols, drunk on pillage and homemade mimosas, the wind whipping our unkempt hair as we shouted curses at cars that sped by. The destination was uncertain, yet our buzz weened and the midtown lands loomed unfamiliar.  The canned wine we toted along on our trusty metal steeds had ran out and like a mirage, Rips Bar shimmered in the distance. We reared up and walked the mounts to the front door in attempts to find a sturdy rail to chain them to, a painter told us to check around the back entrance. Stepping inside the dimly lit interior, there was only one crusty ancient drunk patronizing the bar, I scanned the digs of the place and grinned cuffing Scott on the shoulder. "first round's on me" I croaked in a dry voice. "word" Scott said deep and solemn. We walked up to the bar and bellied up on stools, as the voluptuous bartender sauntered over. She gave us both a look up and down and in a sultry husky voice inquired "what'll it be?". Scott asked her if they had any seasonal specials, and she rattled off a few and declared that bloody mary's would be the special of note. I ordered one and Scott opted for a domestic draft. I traded a dollar for some quarters and headed over greedily to the galaga machine, I planned to out do the best score.  Out of the corner of my eye I watched as the rockabilly bartender made my bloody, aghast I stiffled a gasp. In revulsion I watched in horror as she took several jars of some pickled substance or other and sloughed some of the brine into my glass, I shuddered. If there is one form of food that I despise and almost pathologically fear it is pickled anything. Since the days of my childhood when my younger brother would chase me around the house with a half eaten pickle in his outstretched hand and giggle as he tormented me, I have always hated them.  I resigned myself to the fate that awaited me. I told myself 'how gross could it be? I've had hundreds of bloody mary's before, surely someone has made one akin to this and I probably didnt even realize.' Man up! I thought. Even still I felt condemned. Soon she would place it before me, and I'd gingerly sip and make a face and she'd know how big of a wuss I am and I'd never be able to come to this awesome biglebowski-esque bar ever again.  My hands trembled and grew damp as I lost round after round on Galaga, attempting to forstall the inevitable, finally my quarters were spent and I turned to face my trial. I closed my eyes, and held my breath, as I took a long pull from the glass and swallowed quickly. What hit me first wasnt the putrid taste I had thought would overwhelm me, in fact there wasnt anything putrid about it, what hit me was the amount of vodka in my glass, like someone shattered that glass on the crown of my skull. It was salty, and viscous, and strong like bull. It was spicy and tart and peppery. It was tangy and sweet and sour all at once. It was probably the best dive bar bloody mary I had ever had, and I was pleasantly surprised.   Sitting out on the porch with a smoke and my half full glass for company as Scott tittered on with the one grizzly patron inside, I felt warm and content, and I vowed never to let appearances deceive me again, lest I miss out on some salty new experience.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,12/4/2012,227,122,7,7,8>Love the vibe of this place. It's fun and chill and can have a good crowd. Didn't get to try too much of the food, but what I did try, the mac and cheese, was really yummy and the wine selection wasn't bad and the fact that they had happy hour certainly doesn't hurt either. My friend had a table for his birthday and it was really great and the staff was super. And the music was pretty good and there was a place to actually dance if you wanted to. It's a place worth going to when you're looking for dinner and drinks or an alternative to the usual dance clubs in Old Town.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,12/3/2012,281,41,19,12,14>If I told you I found love at Giligins would you believe me? No? I wouldn't believe me either. In the most hopeless of hopeless places in Old Town (aside from maybe the Rusty Spur...I wouldn't even tell that story though that's just embarrassing) and on the most hopeless of days to be a single person out on the town (you called it, Valentines Day) I met someone. And I fell in head over heels, sappy, rom-com quality love. Everything about this place is so wrong that when you add it all together it equals right. So maybe that is why what normally would seem impossible becomes possible. I mean, seriously. Who do you know that met someone at a bar in old town, much less one of the most rambunctious dive bars around, and it went anywhere past a one night stand or sexting relationship? It ended predictably, but it was fun while it lasted. And I learned that love does indeed lurk in the most unlikely of places. And the best love stories find you. Warning though, if you fall in love at Giligins like I did, don't expect the midgets to catch you.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,12/2/2012,730,209,7,17,13>This is a hidden jem that is not to be missed.We were greeted quickly and with a smile when we walked through the door from a young lady in the bar.  Another lady greeted us and took us to our table.  A gentleman brought us hot tea and cold water to our table right away, and then we were greeted by our waitress Rose.  Good team work going on at this place.  I have never been to a nice Chinese place before.  This was a really nice one and I was super excited to see how the food would taste.  While enjoying my hot tea (BEST TEA EVER!  it was PERFECT), I glanced over the menu.  The prices are very decent and they have many different dishes to choose from.  We started with an order of fried wantons.  These were light, airy, slightly crispy, delicate and filled with a little bit of cream cheese.  They came with sweet and sour sauce, which was the best sweet and sour sauce I've ever had.  Nice bright red orange color, sweet and tangy and not thick or to thin, just right.  Very good start to a grand meal that I had no idea was about to come.Rose moved our fried wantons' plate out of the way and put two large plates in front of us.  She then started bringing out our food.  We had sweet and sour pork, pan fried noodles, fried rice, and sesame chicken.  Sesame chicken was at least two large oh so TENDER chicken breasts crisped to perfection in thick dark onion sauce that I soaked my rice and noodles in.  Pan fried noodles were lightly oiled and tasted like they were fried in a wok, very tasty.  The fried rice was fresh, soft and fluffy.  The sweet and sour pork was smothered (NOT soggy) in their yummy sweet and sour sauce.  It included large chunks of pineapples, green bell peppers and onions.Every portion was enough for two to three people to share or even save for the next day (see photos), BUT it is going to be so hard from stopping yourself enjoying your hot fresh food in such a romantic dark setting (music overhead was a love song station).  We had so much to pack up, Rose came by and put it all up for us in boxes.  She was awesome, very sweet, and always came by to check on us to see how we were doing.  For everything we got -not- including tip was ONLY $34.  Forget the buffets, this is the place to go.I highly recommend this place for large groups, couples, events, and anyone else who loves Chinese Food.  It's the BEST I EVER HAD!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,8/13/2007,413,1464,5,10,7>I love-love-loved this hotel.  I did a site visit here once, and while I didn't get to see all the space, and the person that was supposed to show me around ended up being unable to do so, I took a quick tour of most of the property via golf cart (they didn't let me drive though - mean).  And of course I got to stay in a kick ass room.  I had a little kitchenette and a living room, and then the bedroom and bathroom.  I always had treats in my room when I came home, and the turndown service was awesome.I really really want to stay in one of the rooms with an outdoor tub!  I love being naked outside!  I don't necessarily want anyone to see me, but I like to do it.  An enclosed tub is perfect for my non-exhibitionistic-nudist yearnings!The infinity pool was gorgeous, the bar and its big fire pits incredibly sexy, and the food was good too.  But how can food not be good when you're sitting outside on a gorgeous terrace looking out over the desert, or back up toward the mountain?  They even own homes on the property that you can rent out!I would stay here every time I visited the area if I could afford it.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2007,8/12/2007,114,79,3,2,4>It's been a few months since I first tried Tokyo Lobby, so I will do my best to remember the highlights. It's a bit out of my way so I've only yet to go one time. But I could only take so much nagging and prodding and pushing from my coworker who kept whining "I want Tokyo Lobby!" until I finally said "OK SHUT UP WE ARE GOING THIS INSTANT"The thing that stood out the most was the friendly staff. When my friends and I walked in, the employees all greeted us with a friendly shout. Suddenly I'm Norm from "Cheers"The sushi was excellent! I'm still kind of a sushi noob, but as a person who doesn't really care for fish I have to say it was quite impressive. The texture was just right; not too chewy and not too squishy.I believe what I had was called a Glendale Roll. Baby lobster and... stuff, rolled up, battered and fried to a crisp. Delicious! Nothing like good sushi cooked to order! (Yes, it's ironic on purpose) I think all food should be battered and fried. If you see a restaurant in the future called The Battery, then odds are I'll be running the place.At the time of my last visit, there was a new location being built closer to the road on the opposite end of the parking lot. I'm assuming this is to accomodate more customers as Tokyo Lobby was teeny tiny inside. Maybe it's to further distance the restaurant from the WalMart a few doors down. I say good on you, Tokyo Lobby. WalMart sucks. As of right now I don't know if it's open yet, but hopefully it will be soon. Excellent place, and I would recommend it to anyone with an appetite for sushi.Edit! I asked my coworker today about the status of the new building and he says it's open! I like exclamation points!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2007,8/11/2007,223,709,7,4,4>I never really bought in to the whole Cheba Hut crap.  I mean, is it really that original to put sandwiches named after weed on the menu and have a delivery van with a giant joint on top of it in a college town? I can just see their thought process now..."There are a lot of college kids in Tempe.  College kids love weed.  Let's open up a marijuana-themed sandwich shop and we'll rake in the dough!"I always just thought it was kind of dumb.  And it seems more people go for the novelty of it than for the actual food.  Hmm. I guess the marketing ploy worked.As for the food, it's pretty good.  The sandwiches are tasty enough, but as for the employees, well they're usually high. They'll be more than a little toasted as they toast your sandwich, but I guess that's the point, right?
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2007,8/10/2007,275,351,12,10,7>Please don't hit me! If i could give 4 and a HALF stars I would!I drove by here after a show at the Paper Heart last Monday hoping to score a chill lazy weekday night brew in a new place-but it was totally closed? I investigated the parking, but have been traumatized by Boston Parking Police and signage and the Art Walk chaos parking. Hence thanks to everyone who suggested where to park for Roosevelt on a Friday night!We pulled up around 9ish, heeding seasoned advice to not hit this place later if we wanted to grab seats. It was a cool place to show off to a new englander, like, "see we got old stuff here too-look how old this place is! its a house! and there is wood and stuff!" It even had AMBIANCE that was not made of fog machines or IKEA decor. Random seating, little alcoves and rooms, a weirdly out of proportionally big bathroom (why is it so big? are people supposed to wait INSIDE the can with you instead of in the tiny people-blocking vestibule outside the door?), lil bar and a HUGE (to me) back patio...nice, nice. We went straight to the bar after considering we did not want to check out the large King Arthurs Court community table in the back room (pubs in Boston always have long tables there so that warmed my heart) and I opted for the Shark tap. YUMMY! What highly crafted brew! What sophisticated films playing on the screens! What a TINY bar that could not hear my order b/c my voice doesn't carry and the acoustics are terrible due to afore-mentioned lil alcoves and vestibules! Wow. And that was with ROOM at the bar!We managed to snag a high table in the room adjoining behind the bar (I really DONT like high tables, as a shorty they frustrate me) so stood while Steve and Dan sat on the nice suede-ish bench. Got another beer with like one of the best waitresses EVA (let me know bout Philly!) and tried to figure out what I could eat. Hmmm. Shrimp cocktail for 12? Errr ehm. No. Organic plain salad for like 8 or 9? Eh. I'm drinkin' here! Can't have cheese. Shit. We decided to go for the pretzel even though I went to the pretzel FACTORY in Philly and got fresh pretzels from there...this was gonna be hard. While we waited, I heard a shrill Sex & the City table finally leave (their squeak laughs were like chalkboard scratches echoing into my very soul) and ventured to the back patio and heard four girls team up to a tattooed hottie (nice cockblock, lady in green dress, btw).The pretzel for 4 bucks divided by 3 people...fucking. Div. Ine. Amazing. Who knew a pretzel could be so fucking GOOD? OMG. The lil sauces were delish too-some kind of mustard whizzavah-all I know is I totally ate more than 1/3 (sorries!). You have to try this. Really. I might punch you in the face if you say you went there and didn't get it.It started to get packed and I had five more bars to drag my friend to and it had become quite a sausage fest in there (a lot of khaki shorts, guys and dolls...eeeee), so we skidaddled. I would call it the more intimate, serious counterpart to Shady's. I didnt notice the music, so they must have changed that up.Get more food options and some shorty tables and you are totally mine 4 LYFE, Roosevelt!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2007,8/9/2007,20,70,3,12,5>Usually when I visit my family in Phoenix it takes what seems like a lifetime to find a place to eat that is not the tried, true, and tired.  Eating at this modest restaurant was the culinary highlight of my trip to Phoenix.  I implore all Phoenicians to frequent this establishment and your taste buds will thank you.For starters, the chips were wonderfully light and not too oily.  The chips come with two different types of salsa.  A red salsa with a little bit of a bite and a green avocado salsa that is mild with just the right hint of avocado. I ordered the shrimp in garlic sauce and the dish was sublime.  The shrimp were sauteed with red bell peppers and onions.  The vegetables were cooked perfectly - not too soft and not too crunchy.  The garlic sauce was wonderfully sweet and garlicky.  I couldn't get enough of it.My dining companions both ordered the Camarones Culichi.  This dish is freaking amazing!  It consists of shrimp cooked in a green tomatillo sauce and loaded with melted Manchego cheese.  The sauce is divine and words cannot describe it properly.  The perfect accompaniments to these dishes were Mexican Coca-Colas (Yay!), creamy beans topped with cheese, and white rice with vegetables.  The tortillas were right on and looked to be homemade.Leave behind the comfort of the fancy pants restaurants that the trendinistas like to go to and try something real.  You will not be sorry.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,8/8/2007,67,156,,6,4>Freddy's is a great place to grab a quick meal.  It has a retro-diner kind of feel, with black and white patterned tile and red vinyl seats, but it's fast food so you can order at the counter or through the drive-thru.I haven't had their "famous" steak burger, but their veggie burger is delicious.  It comes piled high with toppings and accompanied by skinny seasoned fries (if you get the combo).Their frozen custard is wonderful as well, and they have a huge variety of mix-ins to choose from.  I got toasted coconut!  Mmmmm!5 stars easy!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2007,8/7/2007,197,146,8,5,5>I LOVE this place. I think it's because it's the first bar I visited in Downtown Phoenix. I lived in Tempe/Scottsdale for 7 years and never set foot in a Phoenix based watering hole.  I went to places like Axis Radius and Dos Gringos. I didn't even know places like Bikini existed in Arizona.The first time I visited Bikini Lounge it was hot and crowded. I think it was on a First Friday but it was back in the day when like. nobody went to art walk. (Circa 2003/2004). Anyway, within my first few minutes in the bar the bartender yelled at me for ordering a drink that wasn't on the menu, I was accosted by a crazy psychic and a tranny hooker stole my cigarettes. I think someone also tried to light my coat on fire. So basically it was awesome. By the end of the night I was drinking cheap beer straight out of the pitcher and dancing in a conga line behind the bar. A year later I moved to Phoenix and Bikini was the first place I went to celebrate.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2007,8/6/2007,38,40,1,4,3>This Theater was HUGE. At least compared to the one I used to work at (it was double in size). My mom and I took my nieces and nephew(3, 5, 8 years old) out to see Surf's Up on the day after it opened, not a good idea, but we only had to wait in line to get into the movie for about a minute and we got good seats. The kids where "starving" and movie theatre food isn't exactly meal worthy, but here they have Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Chicken Fingers, Fried Mozzarella Sticks, French Fries, Pizza, Warm Brownie Bites, and all the normal theater food. I was impressed. I went out to buy food twice and I still made it back before the movie started. We bought food and tickets for five people and it was only about 12 dollars a person. It was really crowded but the staff was great and attentive. Overall it was a good experience. I also thought it was pretty cool that they had a really nice day care area where you can take your child for 6 dollars while you go watch a movie.Minus one star because even though the nachos where huge and came with two cheeses they weren't as good as the ones at my home theatre.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2007,8/5/2007,17,28,1,3,4>i LOVE this bar. i went to college in an old railroading town in rural illinois and i felt totally at home here. it is the perfect unintentional dive bar. when you walk in, you immediately get the feeling that everyone sitting at the bar knows each others' names, but you still feel welcome. the beer selection is limited (of course! the bartender had never heard of red stripe.) but man, the atmosphere makes up for it. LOVE IT.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,8/4/2007,25,34,5,7,5>I heart Shady's!! You are always sure to meet someone interesting here. And not in a one-night-stand kinda way. In a "Let's have an interesting conversation" kinda way. Plus, the bartenders are always a lot of fun. By your fifth visit, they'll know your name, I promise. They show great movies all the time, always on mute so as not to interfere with conversations, and have the best jukebox in town! The infamous photographer Aaron Abbott frequents this little gem. Give it a visit, you'll be hooked.Oh, and for you smokers, they have a nice little tiny patio.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,3/16/2014,148,118,9,13,10>It's my favorite bar on Mill. Period.But...before you run over there I need to ask you a couple questions: Do you actually like beer, and Are you a douchebag? I just don't want anyone spoiling my happy place. Please go to Firehouse or something...I beg of you.Anyway - They have a perfectly planned, concise menu. Decide what you feel like and they will have the most fruity, dry, hoppy, chocolatey, malty (anything) draughts and/or bottles to fulfill your desires. White Chocolate Ale? Oh, they have it. A rare Belgian Framboise? Drink it up.If you're hesitant about beer, but still not trainwrecky enough to hang out at the other Mill spots, you can get a "beer cocktail". Promise you can't go wrong here.Lastly (but definitely not least)...there's the food - Comforting, simple, child-hood memory evoking, local deliciousness. The patio is perfect, the food is divine, and the beer is everything you'd want on your wishlist.I post this with hesitation. Don't ruin my joint!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2013,3/15/2014,102,78,6,7,6>Another fantastic dining experience at Binkleys! We would again be overly satisfied and stuffed this evening thank u hubby for the nice Eve surprise. Thoroughly enjoyed tonite's serving of foie especially as the macadamian nut butter was a divine pairing to balance the richness. The appetizer of geoduck was also profound as I was surprised to see it garnished around the plate with a refined texture that seemed as if the clam was massaged for hours. Coupled with the tender daikon, lovely shimeji, ponzu foam and the chef's miso base it brought nice washoku flavors to our delight. Also the trout was excellent in its soup base with white beans ah I soooo need to return to my pescaterian ways.The amuses were also a knockout in sophistication, Chef Binkley always embodies the most intriguing creativity in those in between meal details and tonight the assortment of fruit melodies found its way into every small serving, most noticeably the fresh nitrogenized pearls of citrus fruit. He owns palate cleansing 101!Service was on point and it seems the Chef duly is an advocate for refining our youth as he has employed a nice fleet of politely trained servers, some I could hardly believe have yet to grow from their boyish soprano pitched voices, cuteness points earned.One of the best main courses we've had thus far here was the duo of elk. I felt the sear and the braised preparation were magnificent, not over nor undercooked, an homage to the protein. Lastly the demi glacé I wish I could bottle up and sell, so finger licking scrumptious and don't mention the candied bacon or the population of Phoenix might be moving up to Cave Creek tomr!!Well done, merci! Joyeux Noël :)
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,3/14/2014,341,239,10,16,12>When my adventurous hiking friend told me this hike was very difficult, I was expecting the worst but I guess since I've spent so much time running daily, I guess my endurance has improved and I really didn't think the hike was that difficult. It's not covered with "stairs" like Piestewa Peak, and it is much longer, but man! Was this hike gorgeous! Even the drive in was unique. It was similar to being on a small roller coaster, hilly as can be!This hike, at least the 5 mile one we did today, promises tighter butt and quad muscles! You gain an elevation of about 1,200 feet, the trail guide at the entrance said. There are plenty of switchbacks and areas where the gravel is loose but the scenery is so breath taking that you are distracted and almost don't even think about the hike's difficulty.There is no water around as other hikers have mentioned, so please bring water with you just in case when you hike. This trail is definitely worth trying at least once and who knows? You might become addicted to always coming here, because I know I will!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,3/13/2014,175,390,10,15,13>I cannot belive I have just found myself coming into this place.I have passed it many times through out the years. I cannot remember if it was always call Rainbow or not. But, I remember it being there.Anyway, it is colorfully painted ,so you will not miss it as you drive by.I was in charge of picking up some doughnuts for work. I almost forgot, so I was on my way to the job and saw the sign.Wow, I was surprised how nice it was.Smelled like fresh baked goods inside.  They say they bake fresh doughnuts every day. I say they are better than Duncan!Apple Fritter was fantastic. I got a dozen to go in a lovely pink box. As well as a couple of coffees. I was a popular guy that day.By the way they even have breakfast and lunch food , not just baked goods.Look for the brightly colored building.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,3/12/2014,181,218,11,17,18>This place is like getting in a time machine and going back in history. Somebody has spent a great amount of energy decorating the inside of this place like an old fashion Bosnian town. Tons of intricate wood work and detail to add just that right amount of fun and authenticity.Came here after seeing the International Supper Club pig out at one of their UYE parties. They always pick great places and food that is unique and tasty. I can confirm all of the above with a smile.The menu here is rather small but filled with several different types of Bossian specialties. Usually get one of the Cevapi/Bosnian Sausage Sandwiches. There are three different sizes depending on how hungry you at the moment. Also have tried the tasty Pljeskavica/Beef Patty with mushrooms and cheese.Service is friendly and helpful. On my first visit the owner and server were getting ready to eat lunch. They were more than happy to share some of the treats that they were having with me. She said it was a potato version of the cheese pita that they make. Nice!You know it is good when you can hear people speaking a language that you are not accustom to hearing. Sometimes they can get a little loud and passionate in their discussions. Gives you that intimate feeling like you are there with them and in the zone. Overall the food is very good and worth checking out. There are several other dishes that I want to try on my next visit. Still need to also check out the desserts. Good thing my job has me in the area a couple times a month. Meet me for lunch if you can. CHEERS!4.25 STARS
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/11/2014,376,146,15,24,22>This has definitely become one of my favorite spots for an evening of wine! I've been here a few times and have loved it ever since the first day. There are so many great things about this place. I love the atmosphere and the way the place is set up. When you walk in you can grab a table or sit by the cozy little fireplace that they have. I love their outdoor patio. It's big and they have two fire pits outside to sit by. Another plus is they also have live music there every night I believe. As far as the food and drinks. I love me some Pinot Noir so I always order the Ramsay which is delicious. For food I've tried a majority of their bruschetta which is really good and have also had their Italian flatbread. They also have a happy hour everyday from 3-6  which I haven't been able to take advantage of yet. Their staff is also really great. Everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and they really take care of you. All in all, it's such a great place to hang out with some friends for some amazing wine or also the perfect date spot. Take your ladies here fellas! They won't be disappointed. =P
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/10/2014,564,153,12,22,18>What an awesome place to on the weekend or during the week for dinner.  You can't go wrong with their Happy hour menu.  The ramen here is delicious and it is only $5 on the Happy hour menu.  Also the chicken wings are amazing too.  It is right by my house so it is nice to either walk or scooter here.  While if you are looking for an awesome place to go for HH in downtown you should check out this place.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,3/9/2014,205,441,7,13,9>Myself and a friend headed here after hitting up a movie at the AMC next door and despite the later hour the staff was friendly and warm when we came in.  We were seated in a booth towards the back of the restaurant and the server came up within seconds to take our drink order.  When the waitress returned with our drinks we were ready to order and she was happy to oblige.  I had the mushroom and swiss burger and my friend had the boneless buffalo wings with a side of fries.  The burger was cooked to a darker medium - I usually like medium rare, but I don't remember being asked what temp, so it's probably a standard for the establishment.  As we were finishing up, I requested a to-go order for my fiancee so that he would have something to eat when he got off work.  The waitress had the food out within a couple of minutes, and he really enjoyed the burger and mashed potatoes.Overall: ADefinitely a place we will go back to when in the area!  The staff was really friendly and the food was good - next go around I think I'll get chicken tenders!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,3/8/2014,18,129,9,11,9>I was a dumb butt and couldn't put two and two together that this is an Asian coffee shop until I saw Boba tea on the menu, a Balikbayan box in the corner, and a huge picture with a Jeepney in it. But anyway, I wanted some caffeine that wasn't Starbuck's so I went here. The barista did a great job handling the 10 or so orders that came after mine. I ordered the Red Velvet Frost, which I assumed had espresso in it because it was under the espresso category. I drank it; it was pretty much tasted a piece of red velvet cake blended into icy goodness without lumpy, soggy crumbs. I loved it, but there was no joe in the cup. For that, I have to take away a star. But dang, that was one yummy drink.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,3/7/2014,271,246,10,16,14>Even though I've been eating burgers like it's my job lately, I stopped in Paradise Valley Burger Co. for lunch after a recommendation from a client. I was in their neck of the woods, so I took their word. Well, forget the diet! I'd eat a burger every day if I'd known about this place!A delicious, buttery burger bun, a juicy, seasoned burger with Havarti cheese and lots of ketchup! MMMMMmmmmm. It was so amazing. I also had a side of sweet potato tots, which quickly disappeared into my belly! I've heard ALL of their burgers are amazing, so I'll have to pay them another visit very soon! Also if you are nearby, check out the local scuba shop, Academy of Scuba!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2008,6/7/2008,119,163,4,12,10>I luckily haven't had the displeasure of dealing with the jerky butcher Nadia C. encountered, and I'll be sure to steer clear of him in the future. This review, however, is about Sprout's fantastically affordable produce.  Every time I visit the store to stock up on my essential fruits and veggies, I'm always amazed at their great prices. Nowadays, when prices on everything are skyrocketing, it is a pleasure to know you can still find places to stretch your dollar.  On a recent visit, their deals were outstanding: limes 5 for $1; oranges 77cents/lbs; 2 pints of strawberries for $3, onions 3lbs for $1; and 2 cucumbers for $1!  I don't think you can find better prices on produce anywhere else in the Valley, and it's good and fresh to boot -- they constantly are restocking and although most of the produce is smaller than you see at other grocery stores, that just means it is probably chemical and hormone free. Their other offerings are a little pricey, mostly because they are lesser-known, healthy brands, but there are still some great deals even in that mix.  Their homemade foccacia bread is to-die-for, and they sell ground turkey for $1.25/lb!  You can't beat that, I swear!  I definitely recommend Sprouts for their wonderfully cheap and tasty produce.  And as far as that butcher, maybe just go on a day when he isn't working.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,6/6/2008,7,8,8,11,11>I hate soggy fries. The rest of my household gobbled them up, but unless I get a good crunch as I bite into the potato goodness, I'll pass.That being said, the burgers at Two Hippies are good enough to keep a recovering vegetarian such as myself coming back.We went on a Saturday afternoon and the place had a steady coming-and-going of families, couples, dirty hippies and assorted other motley folk coming through the door. The place is tiny so most of us waited outside and watched the homeless pass by as we waited for our food. Grabbed our brown bag and everyone else in my party munched on fries the whole way home.. I sipped on my cream soda in an attempt to get the mushy-undercooked potato taste out of my mouth.I ordered the daily special, a green chile burger. Man-o-man... The burger was topped in a whole, perfectly-roasted green chile which added a nice bite to the special sauce. The bun was perfectly toasted and the fixin's perfectly piled (there's nothing worse than taking the first bite of a burger and having the toppings squeeze out the other end).. The beef was fantastic quality and the patty was a good size, but not one of those we'll-give-you-a-huge-burger-so-your-gut-hurts-­afterward burgers.The signature magic mushroom burger looked great, as well. We had tried to go earlier in the week around dinnertime, but the sign on the front and back door says they close at 4 p.m. and they were definitely closed the evening we tried to go. I believe they're also closed on Sunday, so don't try to sneak in here instead of going to church.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2008,6/5/2008,22,23,7,10,8>AHHHH-MAAAZING. I totally feel justified in givin Yasu 5 stars, and judging by the reviews below me, many others agree as well. Located right next to PV Mall in a small strip of about 5 other stores, Yasu was a pleaser all around. Service was prompt and very friendly, even though they are only open for lunch until 2p (they reopen later for dinner at 5) they still seated us at 1:30.  The interior is small, but PV trendy and unexpected.First off, their Iced Green Tea tastes freshly brewed, rather than that  fake green tea taste I often encounter (refills on their hot tea, too!). We then tried 3 sushi rolls, including the absolute must have Power roll, a mix of avocadoes, tuna, and crab. We also had a tuna handroll and the Sun roll - non-baked scallops covered in sriracha sauce, which both were simple, but quite tasty. All ingredients were extremely fresh which made em extra yum.Next, my sis had the Black Cod in a miso glaze. It was cooked perfectly, and the sauce was not lacking nor overpowering. This was one of the a la carte items, but if you are the type who needs a vegetable or rice, their menu is affordable so it's not a big deal. (Our bill was about $60 for 3 drinks, 3 sushis, a calamari app, and 2 meals). I had the Cold Duck Udon Noodles...sooooo yummy. I'm not used to eating udon cold, but it was a great change. Topped with mushrooms, nori, and a delicious sauce, I would recommend. Their menu is pretty extensive for being such a small find, so I certainly want to try more and off their sumibiyaki menu. They also serve lunch specials that include a small miso soup and other sides. Can't believe it took me this long to try Yasu! It will definitely become a new fave. Check out the New Times rave review (big time food critic of AZ Repub, Howard Seftel is also a huge fan of Yasu and why I wanted to first check it out)phoenixnewtimes.com/2007…
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2008,6/4/2008,540,167,35,17,17>I have to be honest. I was reading the other BS reviews and I had no idea they served food. Where is the kitchen? I've been there 20 times. So take my review for what it's worth. Here's what Bar Smith is for me:You meet a girl in Scottsdale. She's typical. So you're like, "Believe it or not, downtown is where it's at..." Girl's like "Really?" And then you wink at her really awkwardly and grab her by the hand and whisk her away to Bar Smith. There she will see, in no particular order, members of the Latino community, mohawked audio visual specialists, a little guitar hero on the projector, people dancing in the middle of a watching circle, me in the corner crying, lesbians, women who are engaged who let me hit on them in front of their fiances without telling me they're engaged (apparently, little known fact, I'm supposed to look for a ring on some finger - whatever, too much work), and some dude name Bill Smith. I think his name is Bill. He introduced himself to me one time and in my head I'm like, "Dude, why are you introducing yourself to me at a bar at 1:00 AM using your whole name???" It occurred to me later the bar is his name sake and I bet he gets laid because of it from time to time.  Good for him. Fun place. I wish I knew they had food.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/3/2008,14,30,5,10,12>rise up is amazing for several reasons:1. rise up is a non profit organization that does humanitarian work helping children get educated around the world. clearly awesome.2. clothing line is good for everyone. i was able to buy a birthday present for my best friend, my brother, my mother, and my father all at one store.3. decor of the shop. from the art, to the gurney, to the church pew. everything means something. the 'kill  your tv' installation is epic. 4. the record player. all the music in the store is on vinyl, so you can come in and choose a record to listen to while you shop. i chose radiohead. clearly a good call.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,6/1/2008,296,138,18,15,20>I have an entire box of conversation hearts left over from Valentine's Day and these little morsels are going to be the inspiration for this review. Let the taste of cherry flavored death and pastel sidewalk chalk begin!"My man" and I decided to join a group of ten at C4 last night to enjoy the company of a quirky group of "romeo"s and "dream girl"s and sample the new Southwest inspired menu at C4.I was impressed at "how nice" the decor was in the main dining area, since I had previously only frequented the bar and sampled some of the wretched Japanese inspired bar food. It's nice to see a restaurant "wise up" and invest a little "tlc" into reworking its image, as well as its menu. I thought that the bold, colorful Mexican centerpieces and hanging crystal light pieces were "tres chic" and when I saw the same strong use of color duplicated on the chair backs it was "true love" for me. I wanted to steal all the light fixtures, knick-knacks and tall chairs for my own home.It was Valentine's Day and I had to order something to drink that was as frou frou and girly as my polka dot party dress, because when "ur a qt" you simply have to be sipping something just as ultra-femme. So I went for the Prickly (pear) Peach Martini and was not disappointed by its "sweet," pulpy, hot pink contents.For apps, we ordered two platters of the tri-colored chips with three dips and the crab cakes. When it came to the dips, there was "one I love"d, the napolito corn salsa. The other two, guacamole and pico de gallo, "I hope" get better with time because the pico was bland and the guacamole was so overpowered by lime juice that it was nigh on inedible. The crab cakes on the other hand "I'm sure" I would order again because there was a good crab to filler ratio and a pleasant spicy kick delivered by the chipotle remoulade. "Lover boy" and I split the bacon cheeseburger and the chorizo mac and cheese for dinner, both of which I wanted to be "all mine" because they were so good I didn't want to share a single bite with "my baby." I was hoping the burger would "be good" but I wasn't expecting it to be cooked to perfection and served with crisp tomatoes and a lovely pile of spring mix instead of some of the more lowly greens available. It also came with a side of fries that were more like munching on a plank of potato if you "ask me." And feel free to "call me" crazy, but they must have sprinkled "stardust" on the chorizo mac and cheese because it was out of this world good! You could ask any of the three people that ordered it at our table if that's too good to "be true" and I'm sure you'd receive the same response as mine. Spicy, tender homemade chorizo was afloat in three types of decadent cheesy bliss!We ended the night with two dessert sampler platters, and if you have more than at least three people at the table, I highly suggest you take "time out" of your evening to indulge because it was "way" good. I am in "love" with two of the desserts in specific, the frozen key lime tart and the Mexican chocolate flourless cake. The key lime tart was "cool" and citric and I let it melt in my mouth like a bite of sorbet with a graham cracker crust and tasty little candied lime zest. The "cutie pie" slice of Mexican chocolate flourless cake was rich and dense with a deep cocoa flavor and a hint of spiciness at the end that "let it be" a bit more unpredictable and memorable than regular chocolate desserts. The borracho bread pudding wasn't as drunk as its name suggested (or as pudding-y) and the 7 layer chocolate cake was the same "you & me" could get the valley over. The waitress we had was an "angel." She was extremely knowledgeable about all of the dishes on the menu and went so far as to open a dialogue with the chef when a member of our party needed a vegetarian, lactose free meal (who could that possibly be? ":)" ). I "loved her," and even though service was a little bit scattered, I attribute that more to having to deal with drink orders and food delivery at the same time (for a pretty big group) than any kind of slacking. It wasn't perfect and could definitely use some refining, but since that was the only minor hang-up in the evening, I'm going to "let it be" forgotten."I do" think C4 has the possibility of becoming a five star dining experience. It just needs a bit of polishing!Don't agree? "Fax me." (Sorry, I just had to include the most ridiculously out of date conversation heart saying in the history of Necco. The rest of them were just too ordinary.)
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/1/2008,5/31/2008,143,222,5,10,11>The mission: good Mexican food in Glendale. Should be like shooting fish in a barrel, right? You'd be surprised how much mediocre and downright bad Mexican food there is on the West Side.Not only that, but I like a place with table service and booze, and if my server speaks English, or at least as much of it as I speak Spanish - that's a bonus. We'll meet halfway.I was a little anxious about trying El Charrito. I had only found reviews on less-trustworthy sites than Yelp, and they have a website -- a pretty nice one at that. Seems like places with great downhome cooking don't have websites, and if they do, they're crappy.However, El Charrito surprised me. I have been to Caramba, across the street, many times, and never noticed El Charrito. It's between a tattoo shop and something unremarkable.Inside, it's brightly painted, yet cozy, due to the low ceilings and dim lighting. Seating is mostly booths, which I dig. There is also a bar. The two big TVs were showing wrestling and Good Evening Arizona.Our friend was already at the table, so we joined her and immediately plowed into the chips. OMG. They were so light and crisp. Not as warm as I would like. But so light. The salsa, well... it was the traditional style, and just salty, not very spicy or otherwise flavorful.The menu features all your traditional favorites, plus some more upscale options such as mojo garlic shrimp and chicken mole. I also noted some specials that looked promising, like a grilled fish with spinach.When it came time to order, we had some communication issues with our server. But we got through it, thanks to the universal language of food and lots of hand signs. I ordered a Negra Modelo and the pollo asado. It looked really good, and the portions were generous. It came with a huge salad (nothing fancy, just your usual iceberg, tomatoes, etc.), a pool of refried bean, and fries. I was so down with having fries instead of rice. The chicken was salty and yummy, but the white meat was a bit dry. The beans were kind of thin and pale. But I don't care too much for refried beans anyway. All in all, it was pretty good.My dining companions demolished their chimis, so I assume they were good. I'm thinking next time I'll order a special, or maybe one of the more popular dishes.I would call this adventure a success! I would certainly go back to El Charrito. Oh and you can hit up their website for a 15% off coupon!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2008,5/30/2008,398,837,5,17,15>OMG LADIES! I am HUGE on the bus.  I've been riding it to work for 2.5 years, and am horrified that you guys aren't pushing the benefits of commuting and mass transit in this city!I love Valley Metro. I ride the Rapid bus, every day, twice a day.  The rapid shuttle is part of Valley Metro, but it is a  very different bus line then the city buses that I think some of you have been riding on. There are 4 Rapid Routes...1 from the west valley, (I-10 west from Avondale) 1 from the north (I-17 from Bell Road) 1 from the East, (I-10 East from Chandler) and 1 servicing the 51, from the 51 and Shea.  If it were not for these rapid shuttles, I probably would not have a job, and probably have lost my mind by now. After I moved here, within 3 months, I had busted a windshield, had someone do a hit and run on me on the expressway, and basically sat in traffic for a ridiculous amt of time, so much that I was commuting an obnoxious amount of time.Finally, a fellow co-worker told me that she commutes in half the time from the same place using the bus. Since I started riding the rapid, I've been hooked.  My busses are on time, my commute is 1/3 of what I was doing when I was driving, and the amt of money I have saved on gas is unbelieveable.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,5/29/2008,131,46,10,18,13>:::::PROS:::::Clean, clean, clean.  The cooking environment, the floor, the condiment area, the tables - all spotless.Cheap, cheap, cheap.  Most burritos are in the 3-dollar range, and you can't beat the quality for the price.  The chicken burrito incorporated medium spicy shredded chicken done just right, and the breakfast burrito used eggs, ham, cheese, onions, and green peppers to get it done.Breakfast served all-day!  I know other Mexican restaurants do the same, but given the fact Fiesta Burrito is tantalizingly tasty, it just sweetens the deal.Great Pico De Gallo, and Red Sauce at the condiment bar!  Need I say more?:::::CONS:::::None.Fiesta Burrito is nice and bright on the inside, and so seemed it's staff.  I believe the crew were truly enjoying themselves the day I went in and the smile on the man's face while washing the floor was refreshingly genuine and sincere.  Its obvious that its a well-run establishment, but its also one of those places that makes me wonder because the food IS so cheap...Seriously.  How can places like J in the Box and McD's sell Chicken Sammies for a buck?  And the three dollar burrito?  I just can't see the profit margin...  But then again, I've never run a restaurant.  I mean - Fiesta's ingredients can't be that cheap, right???Regardless, Fiesta Burrito is great bargain, and the food that I've tried so far knocked my socks clean off.  Check it out.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2007,5/28/2008,131,423,7,6,8>I would have been absolutely devastated about Sabbudy's in Tempe closing if they hadn't opened a new location.  But they did.  Phew.  I cannot get enough of their potato salad.  It is seriously the best I have ever had.  Even better than Mom's (good thing Mom isn't very adept at surfing the Internet)!  And the falafel.  I always get the falafel.  Do you know what falafel is?  It's fried chickpea paste.  I have no idea how they get fried chickpea paste to taste so good.  And the lentil soup.  And the hummus.  And the wraps.  Okay.  I like it all.  But especially the potato salad.  Make sure you try the potato salad.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,9/15/2009,348,195,20,21,20>It was a dark and windy Bike Week 09 type of night. After spending most of the evening at West World, surrounded by hot biker boys... I was hungry. I suggested hitting Corbin's for some food and drink. I had never been to Corbin's before and I'm glad we went in for a quick bite. When I opened the door to Corbin's I was hit by a semi-swanky vibe. I was certainly glad I wasn't all "Dirty Harleyed" out. I was more "Harley Hookered" out which, in my mind, is more swanky bar vibe acceptable. We were greeted warmly and seated at a table in full view of a family that was VERY interested in our presence (it could have been my super low cut shirt...hmmm...sorry about that...not really.). I even waved! I love my "adoring" fans who found themselves back to being busy with events at their own table. Anywho... back to the events at my table! After ordering a glass of wine (and being told they were out of my first choice..grr) I finally scored a nice glass of pinot noir. I also went with the grilled cheese sandwich. It wasn't just any ol' grilled cheese, my dear yelpers! This yummy sammie had cheddar, swiss and queso fresco cheese and it was all grilled with thick-cut bacon and a good hunk of tomato. I chose whole wheat for my bread. It was WONDERFUL. The home-cut fries were so good and they have yummy ranch to go along with it! My biker boy chose the Cajun Tasso ham quesadilla. Again... so yummy! The ham was nice and spicy but not HOT, just had some nice seasoning going on. The quesadilla is the size of a small, thin-crust pizza. So it can easily satisfy one person with leftovers to take with them. The whole meal was surprisingly VERY good! I only wish that Corbin's chairs were more comfortable to allow for some serious lounge time. I could imagine myself lounging after a great meal and just soaking in the swanky atmosphere. They have a nice bar area and also have hip music playing in the background. I look forward to another visit to Corbin's. I promise to not come dressed like a Harley Hooker next time... or not.... we'll see! Continue to surprise me, and I might surprise ya back Corbie!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2008,9/12/2009,448,260,5,11,12>200th review! And on the last day of December 2008, of all days. 2008 was a great year for Phoenix Yelp but not for Phoenix itself as one local business after another closed its doors and efforts to revitalize downtown didn't do so well. Anyone who attended the downtown pub crawl can attest to that. I really believe that 2009 can be a better year for Phoenix, though, and I think that the light rail being open (and creating a flow up and down the central corridor) will definitely help. The other thing I think will help is entrepreneurs like Karl Kopp (the owner of Hanny's) being willing to take risks and open businesses that may not necessarily fit the cookie cutter mold of what a "cool" Phoenix establishment should be. I really applaud him for that. In some sense, opening a business that's different than what people are used to or expect helps you create a cult following--not everyone will like you, but if enough people refuse to listen to the other people who don't like you, you will create a pretty passionate crowd of supporters. I really think that Hanny's will gain this type of cult following and then over time, as similar types of businesses gain a footing in Phoenix, it will become a place everyone accepts. Or that won't happen and I'll pray that enough people start to see the magic so that Hanny's won't be the next business to close!In case you think that I only like Hanny's because it's different or new, I want to emphasize that I also really liked the food and drinks my husband and I tried. Yes, the martinis were small (my husband had the special Hanny's martini with vodka and gin and I had a French martini), but they were mixed well and at only $5, my husband's was well priced for the size. We also both thought the food was really well executed. We especially loved the pizza with prosciutto and arugula. The crust was definitely too thin even for "Roman style"--having been to Rome five times, I can tell you that the crust there has a bit more substance to it, but the ingredients on Hanny's pizza were simple and fresh, which I know to be an authentically Italian approach to pizza making. But I can see how you might be disappointed if you are used to very saucy and savory pizza. The pork loin sandwich was also really good--the thinly sliced pork was very flavorful and the bread was nice and crusty. The green peppers were a bit strange, though, as they made the pork taste more Mexican inspired than Italian. That being said, though, I'm kind of content overall to not try to force Hanny's into a box. What I like about the place is its slight imperfections and its inability to be easily defined. Is it a bar? a restaurant? a lounge? I don't really know, but I don't really care. I think its unique character make it a great destination for those who are looking for something different in Phoenix, and I hope that it survives the economic slump that the city has been going through. If it does, maybe it will expand its offerings and become a place that everyone can appreciate.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2009,9/11/2009,100,799,7,15,9>I needed new blinds for the house, so I went shopping.  I checked out 3-Day Blinds, Lowe's, The Home Depot, Budget Blinds (McNeil St.), & Ambassador Blinds.  I decided to use Ambassador because:*  I called them in the morning & they agreed to come out at MY     CONVENIENCE, the SAME DAY to do the survey for my blinds!*  The survey was FREE.  (The Home Depot wanted to charge me $50, &      Lowe's $35!  Can you imagine?)*  I wanted a price for either vinyl blinds or faux wood.  Yes, VINYL was     OK!!  Whatever I wanted was OK!!  Two of the other places tried to push     me into aluminum blinds, which kids ruin the first time they get near     them!  (Can I PLEASE, PLEASE buy what I want?¿?  Thank you!!!)*  Rep. Joe Del called me back before the end of business that day with     exact prices for either premium vinyl blinds (metal headers), or faux     wood blinds, as I had requested.*  I decided on the vinyl blinds, & my price was only $904 for blinds for     TWENTY THREE windows,  INSTALLED, tax & all!!  When my custom-made blinds arrived from Kansas, friendly technician Alfredo, with DECADES of experience, came over & installed them (in my challenging concrete walls!) perfectly in one day.I'm 100% satisfied with my new blinds & the service I received from Ambassador Blinds.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,9/10/2009,57,114,11,16,16>I pledge allegiance to the Sweet Republic and the deliciousness for which it stands, one location with so many flavors, with something amazing and incredible for all.I cannot say enough good things about Sweet Republic. How sweet it is.I don't think you can go wrong here. If corn flavored ice cream is one of the best things I ever tasted, how can one go wrong? Whatever Helen, one of the owners and the genius behind the incredible array of flavors, tells me to put in my mouth I will. From the traditional Vanilla Bean to the unconventional Corn flavor, there is definitely something for everyone. The ingredients are top of the line and it comes through in the flavors. All the ice cream is made on the spot.The decor is cool, well-designed, comfortable, friendly and eco-friendly wherever possible. The service is great, the staff is nice. So don't hesitate, the ice cream here is not only full of wonderful flavor, but it is a wonderful experience as well.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/17/2009,9/9/2009,510,292,19,18,15>I have been to Turf twice now.. Once for breakfast .. I got your typical English breakfast, cant say it was the best ive ever had, or memorable for that matter, but it was alright. My bloody Mary was good, but I swear the second one only had half a shot of vodka in it.. and if im wrong I am sorry, but I could only taste Mary mix. As my friend put it, the bartender was a "charisma vacuum".. and yes, I didn't catch his name, but he wasn't cool at all. They had various sports teams playing on all the TV's, which is great if youre into that. Second time I came I was with a group of extremely inebriated people.. and I FELL ASLEEP at the bar. I did not get kicked out, so 2 cool points for that.. I still cannot believe myself and how I got away with that I do not know. Either way, I remember a lot of weird shit going on, and everyone I saw, for the most part, was laughing. I have nothing bad to say about Turf, but I also have nothing to rave about. If you're hungry or want a drink and are in this neighborhood, try it out for yourself, and try to stay awake. Its a little embarrassing when you don't.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2009,9/8/2009,375,90,16,15,15>Dined at Olive and Ivy last Friday night (very romantical date I might add). Our reservation was at 8:30pm, we arrived about 30 minutes early and they were able to seat us right away. It was cougar central in there so I held my date close because he's a few years my junior.... they were eying us like prize winning hogs, or a coupon for 1/2 price Restylane injections. It was insane. I mean people were noticeably discussing our arrival. These women were not even trying to hide the shit talking. So, mad props "geriatric mafia" at the bar. Don't hate!The wine alone is what warrants 3 stars. Two words: Arizona Stronghold. High five for the local support. As far as dinner goes, we ordered the Seared Scallops and Bacon Wrapped Pork Tenderloin with side orders of Mascarpone Polenta and Roasted Mushrooms. My date and I happen to enjoy small plate dining and the server was nice enough to split everything up for us so we didn't have to feed each other. The food was...... get ready for it......... okay.Yes, just okay. The quality of the ingredients were phenomenal but flavor wise it just didn't deliver. Don't get me wrong, I don't have anything horrible to say but sorry, not having something bad to say just isn't good enough for a $170.00 dining experience. I will probably go back and give it another shot at some point. I'm really glad I went with my gut instinct and didn't order the Filet because I am a total fucking steak snob. I have a feeling this review would have read something completely different and dropped in rating. Maybe brunch?P.S. The chocolate martini was sex in a glass....... like actual sex..... in a glass. You figure it out.  :)
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,9/7/2009,59,144,6,9,9>I dreamt I could cook...at least for an evening... In the Sunwest Appliance Distributing showroom, Cooking Studio AZ is a series of single-evening cooking classes running the gamut from Asian (Chef Tottie) to French (Chef Vincent) to Italian (Chef Marcellino), and myriad other themes. The husband and I went to our first class their last night to see Chef Marcellino teach gnocchi, etc. first of all, what a setting! Major kitchen envy! It is the Viking showroom of course. The demo set-up is large and open yet very personal. The setup is one of the best I've seen for viewing the chef and cooking surfaces because of a series of cameras and flat viewing screens. on which we could see inside the pots. Before the class we ogled all the Viking kitchen setups - wow, I really really lust after one of those double-doored Viking wine refrigerators.... Cooking Studio AZ is run by Candy Lesher, a chef, food critic (although I've noticed she seems to dislike that term as too negative and prefers "restaurant reviewer"), food magazine editor, award-winning author and television personality... and on and on... but the important thing is Candy's enthusiasm and ability to host the class - she's clearly professional t this, narrating while the chef is cooking, and pointing out interesting techniques - just the perfect level of involvement. Printed recipes are provided, and a 3-ring binder is given to fist time attendees so you can collect recipes from multiple classes. I took notes on my recipes and I actually think I can cook these things, which is quite an achievement since I usually consider putting milk on Cheerios "cooking". Being a chef, Candy is also scheduled to teach some upcoming classes including the one that intrigues me most - International Stuffed Breads. Aside from gnocchi, what can be better than that??? There are numerous gluten free offered classes too. I'm signing us up for more!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,9/6/2009,275,351,10,20,11>Beer...or Yoga?Located in a small center just east of Four Peaks Brewery in Tempe (a reasonable distance from the light rail on Apache), is an amazing, classy studio for the Mind-Body connection.Mr. Mustachio had decided after doing a couple yoga classes with me at the ASU gym that he loved the stretch, so pursued a class for a semester at ASU this Spring and had the pleasure of practicing with Tish Hegel. After seeing his body transform to only 16.2% body fat, all his jeans get too big on him and fill out his American Apparel briefs nicely I was super jealous. He raved about his teacher and I could tell he had de-stressed a lot since he started the practice.Luckily, she opened up a studio recently, and it simply goregous. The waiting area is filled with yoga material and a very calming space with a remodeled bathroom and dressing rooms to change if coming from work/school. Not at all cheesy like the SouthWest Inst with the way too many angels imagery (creepy!). But the gem is truly the practice space. Hardwood floors, high ceilings, a beautiful staircase, tasteful decorations and absolutely NO MIRRORS.  That is right- the only person staring at my pudge rolls is my teacher and who-ever isn't focusing on their tree posture-not the entire class! It really relieves a lot of stress  and helps me concentrate on how a posture feels as opposed to just looks.As for Tish Hegel, she is simply outstanding-she has so many credentials, you have to read her biography for yourself. She has been practicing for a loooong time, and her hands-on instruction and confident voice echoes in my ears even now (bring those shoulders down!). So far, I have done:  Ashtanga Inspired Flow (pretty intense, really hurt for 3 days, would recommend after getting into yoga for a while), Sivananda (ditto),  Focus Class (did a lot of bike riding and she focused on everybody's body issues and did the sequence right then and there for us and my lower back and knees felt amazing the day after) and this morning brought my friend to Kinetic Yoga: Morning Movement and Flow, which kicked our 6am asses a little bit but we both felt amazing afterwards!  She does tons of modifications, is always making sure we are okay, and is just super personable.I did the huge package since I didn't renew my ASU gym membership for this summer, but you can do drop-in. Now for the cliched Yoga Review ending: NAMASTE!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,9/5/2009,178,53,6,11,8>Holy shit, Phoenix FINALLY has late night dining options! I stopped here on a Tuesday night after a few beers at the Roosevelt with high hopes. I've eaten at Fate bunches of times and have never been disappointed, so I had a good idea Johnny Chu would come through this time, too.Come through he did. The menu, tapas style, was nothing short of delectable. Plenty of small, reasonably-priced items perfect for sharing. While I can't remember what I had (always happens to me in asian food places) I know that it was great and I wanted more.The real surprise was the sake, which I've never had outside of a bomber before. Who knew it was good on its own? While the bottles were kinda pricey, they were worth it.$50 for the two of us might have been a little much, but I'd go again. And again.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,9/4/2009,369,124,8,10,8>Upscale thrift store?  Seems like an oxy moron to me, but whatever.I purchased 6 items:* 2 dresses, both still with tags on them* 2 pairs of shorts* 2 tank/halter tops, one was BCBG Max AzriaAll for $80.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I love that you can bring in your gently used clothes and sell or get store credit.  I'm a fan!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,4/25/2010,59,92,8,10,9>Oh my GAWD! I am sitting here recovering from a FEZ food-coma after receiving a mind blowing food-gazm... mmmm FEZ burger.I just uploaded a ton of new photos. There was just so much to try for a first time visitor that I had to do it up right.I got to FEZ around 6pm with my boyfriend and was happily greeted when we entered. The place wasn't packed by any means. Just a few groups on the patio, and a few couples inside. I have a feeling the fact it was Fathers Day and a Sunday had something to do with it. Asked for Thomas, but I guess Sunday's are his day off. Bummer! Oh well next time :)We started off with the $5 special of Gazpacho. I don't believe it was on the menu, but it oughta be. It was as untraditional as it gets. Tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, and it was drizzled with a cilantro spicy sauce (see pic) and a slice of toasted bread. My boyfriend and I shared the bowl and had to stop before we spoiled our appetite.When our waiter came back to the table I decided to order the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich, and the boyfriend got the FEZ burger. Since I wanted to try ALL the fries, we half'd them on eachothers plate. Rosemary Garlic fries, S&P fries (salt & pepper), Harrasa fries, and the well known Sweet Potato fries. When the plate came, we traded eachother half our burgers too so we could try everything.What can I really say? The Harrasa fries were my favorite and came with a white almost greek like sauce. The Sweet Potato fries I could eat for dessert every night. They had cinnamon and sugar sprinkled heavenly on them and came with an almost icing like sauce. Very sweet and savory. DELICIOUS! I couldn't stop eating them even when I was so stuffed I had to unbutton the pants. The salt and pepper fries were also delicious. Cooked just perfectly and not too salty. The pepper was a nice touch but it didn't overwhelm them at all. The ketchup they were served with was super fresh and not overly salty. VERY tomato-y. I'm not a big fan of rosemary so those weren't my favorite, but still a good fry to say the least.The FEZ burger (see pic) was to die for. Amazing. Yes it has pears on it, but the flavor didn't come out heavy at all. It was topped with a sweet bbq sauce, ONION RINGS! done to a crisp, and cooked to perfection. The punches of flavor were like nothing else. My favorite.The Casablanca Chicken Sandwich had cherries on it! That was the real seller. My boyfriend said it was a sandwich meets salad all wrapped up in a bun of awesome. Thick vinaigrette, moist chicken. Ya just gotta go and try it for yourself.I will definitely be back. I gotta try the hummus. I gotta try the kisras. I gotta try the lettuce wraps. I gotta save room for dessert!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2009,4/23/2010,197,182,17,17,18>ode to a Chilaquiles.so i ate some Chilaquiles at Pepe's the other morning. not ever having Chilaquiles before i was not sure if my Chilaquiles was good or great, but the Chilaquiles was good to me. very tasty Chilaquiles that is. i had my Chilaquiles with hard fried eggs because i'm not a fan of runny yoke. my Chilaquiles egg was only 85% to my requested hard fried, resulting in a missing star. tho my Chilaquiles was very good. my Chilaquiles was made with a tomatoes salsa texture of sauce..watery in a way..but not knowing how Chilaquiles should look..i thought it was good. Chilaquiles.the tortilla chips are also good. and i kinda liked the squeeze bottles. cause i just squeeze it onto a chip and put it in my mouth. tasty salsas..i squirted a bunch onto my Chilaquiles egg that wasn't fried enough..so i didn't notice the runny texture. Chilaquiles. Chilaquiles. the beans with my Chilaquiles had white cheese on them, alot of mexican restuarants use a handful of yellow cheese so i was impressed..it wasn't crumble queso-fresco..but it was still tasty with my Chilaquiles. Chilaquiles.ok i think i have used Chilaquiles eighteen times now..umm ok nineteen times...so to finish off with an even twenty...Chilaquiles. yummm. ohh btw they take bank cards now.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,4/22/2010,446,326,15,22,20>Rarely will I write a review without multiple visits with few exceptions. If the place in question was so awful that I would never return, or if the spot really blows me away I am compelled to sing its praises. Sing I must.I had no perception of this joint at all in terms of the space itself, only a few word of mouth declarations of how good the food was. They came from serious foodies so my interest was peaked from the get go. Loved the concept and could not wait to check it out.Marian H. decided that she was taking me here for our 20th wedding anniversary a week or so ago. I may just return the favor on our second 20 year celebration in February. Yes, she is so fine I married her twice. Okay once for taxes, once to share with the family but whatever we still celebrate them both, because we can.I love a food bar. Most food bars that I have leaned against have six to eight seats. Not this bad boy, it's huge. Seats around twenty-six or so, really cool. Love dining like this as you get to witness the action up close as well as chat up the chefs. Did I mention cool tunes also? No stuffy piped in music here.Josh is the real deal, friendly, funny and serious about his craft. I found this to be the case with not only the rest of the kitchen crew, but the front of the house staff also. No pretence whatsoever. Rumor has it he taught Joel L. everything he knows about golf as well. I may have started the rumor, but hey someone has to start them. I could envision sitting around having a few cocktails with him outside of the restaurant and I am thinking his personality would be exactly the same. Refreshing, and not always the case.We chose a five course meal with the foie supplement and the wine pairings. Most any other spot I have ever done a tasting or degustation type dinner at, you get the same plates or one of the same dish to share. Not here. Even though our cards were filled out identically, basically anything goes, we were served different dishes. Bonus! The only dish that was identical was the foie, and thank goodness as it would have been a fight to the death for this slice of pure bliss. So the truth is I had the opportunity to taste a dozen dishes, which is really cool. A delightful amuse of persimmon salad dressed with balsamic to kick things off. This was followed by an endive salad with quince, Valdeon and pear vinaigrette. Very nice flavor here especially the Valdeon cheese, a rich creamy Spanish blue cheese really made the dish for me.Next came the Fluke served with sea beans, pomegranate, cucumber and coconut vin. The fish was pristine and cooked perfectly. Really nice flavor combinations here, loved the subtle coconut flavor.The foie torchon brulee  was simply out of this world good. Topped with spun sugar and comforted by a berry coulis. Just typing this makes me yearn for another bite.Duck breast, bok choy, cippolini and Thai peanut sauce. Once again, the duck was cooked perfectly. Really loved the slightly caramelized cippolini in this dish.Nice spread of cheeses and charcuterie were a welcome addition containing some  favorites, Humbolt fog at the top of the list. Really enjoyed the Gouda with fennel as well. Wine and cheese, is there anything better? Too often overlooked as a fine addition to any good tasting.For dessert a roulade ginger cake with pumpkin mousse was a fitting finale to a great meal. I left out the dishes I sampled served to Marian H, which was hard to do but you can read her review!I wish I could remember all of the wines served, but I just could not bring myself to take copious notes here. Suffice it to say, they all paired really well with each dish served.Looking forward to dining here again soon, you should to! Save me a seat at the bar.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,4/21/2010,378,474,7,12,11>A few weeks back.. waking from a migraine fog and haze of migraine meds.. I seriously was jones'n for Kareys rice! I had a friend drive me.. Intro'd my friend to Karen... who gave samples and  her friendly beyond friendly personality.. that speaks volumes in a society whos forgotten the value of customer service! Im always trying new things when in Kareys.. this time roasted pork, curry to go, and of course, my craving for the fried rice....and wow! I think my migraine got better... because a 5 is the best thing for that:-)
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,4/20/2010,215,519,12,14,11>Having champagne taste but a Champagne of Beers budget is a real drag sometimes. $15 mixed drinks can go kick rocks and $12 apps that feed one can take a flying leap. That's why I adore happy hour. Remember when Tempe Caffe Boa had a real, real good one? You got the hip but sophisticated atmosphere, great eats and drinks, and could walk away well-fed and pretty buzzed without having buyer's remorse the next day when you realized you spent your week's lunch money.Well Café ZuZu you are the new mecca for my budget conscious but discernable palate. I have always adored my visits to Valley Ho - I'm a suck-suck-sucker for modern design and décor and a stroll over the grounds and through the lobby are like a Mad Men fan's dream: the cozy fireplace surrounded by couches for relaxing with your drink, the lounge-y area just outside the bar is intimate, comfy and gorgeous - appropriate for a date or a small gathering of friends -- the open layout means you can look from one end of the hotel to the other and all the way up to the third floor ceiling. The music was 60s lounge and energetic without killing the easy vibe. Oh, did I mention the $3 drinks and food menu?This is really impressive. Three bucks a pop can get you a single serving of braised short ribs (juicy, tender and falling right off the bone), or some mini grilled cheese sandwiches of brie, green apple and fig jam (I'm a huge fan of Postino's prosciutto bruschetta, and this reminded me of that, the perfect blend of salty and sweet but even more buttery and savory, and with a hint of tart) or a decently sized prime rib sandwich w/ au jus...to name a few items. On the drinks side, I love the variety. Most HH mixed drink menus are all "martinis" that are neon green or hot pink and sickly sweet. Not here - get a refreshing Blackberry Bramble or Gin Fizz (that's two of six mixed drinks on special) or a glass of wine (about 4-5 choices) for just three dollars. I ate and drank to my delight and spent $15. Um, wow. Service was great - friendly and competent and not at all weird about our ordering 2-3 drinks at a time to take advantage of the deal, or deciding to order yet another appetizer because they're just so damn cheap.Oh ZuZu, thank you! Every pauper wants to feel like a princess, five times a week, from 4-7.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,4/19/2010,197,332,5,13,10>not much i can say after 99 reviews..thought i would give my two cents anyways. we visited carlsbad tavern located in scottsdale last saturday. as you walk in there is a cool water fountain in the front.  inside it's dark and has a unique cave like feel inside. i appreciated that they have an extensive wine list! i went with a refreshing clean slate riesling.  for my entree i ordered snapper tacos. it was a safe choice since i love fish.  mr h ordered the carne adovada (slow roasted pork) burrito for his entree. i was amazed that he could tolerate such a high spice level!  i had just one bite of his burrito and it was burning my mouth so much that i ended up gulping my riesling. as other reviewers mentioned they do charge 2.99 for chips and salsa! i agree it's a ripe off but at least the chips are warm and the salsa was fresh and delicious. overall an outstanding place for folks who like heat in their food.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,4/18/2010,454,555,7,12,10>I really enjoy Gallo Blanco, whether it's for brunch or lunch/dinner.Is it a perfect experience? No way... not by any means. But it is a much better effort than what we all had to endure with C4 , Clarendon Kitchen, etc... Nothing seemed to stick.I will say I did not enjoy being dropped on by condensation from an AC unit a few weeks ago, but that is neither here nor there, because of our large party, and because I did not formally complain to the server/management.Every other experience has been how I like it. Servers seem a little new and lacking confidence so far. But overall, I like it. The food is decent. Not excellent, but done pretty well -- everything from the elotes to the guacamole.I especially enjoy the brunch and the value of it. Are you really serious? $5 brunch with chorizo egg and refried beans, done just right?!  Breakfast and dinner tortas served on soft bolillos are done decently here, although the crust could be a little more tough.Tacos are priced just right, cooked well and are worth the $2.50 each! Can't decide if I like the fish or the carnitas better. Anyhow, decide for yourself.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2009,4/17/2010,275,351,12,13,12>"Oh, these are broken. Yup."I felt like Sub Zero had roped me in, froze me and ripped my heart out. SHIT. I don't have any back up contacts anymore and I don't have any other pairs of glasses (I still haven't had an eye exam in this state yet), and also...my silver cat eye glasses? Gone?"But I can laser this up no problem. Give me 45 minutes"When I woke up this morning and went to put on my glasses, I noticed the lens hanging at a weird angle and it didnt look like the normal screw problem. I have been falling asleep on my side too much lately with them on, but something told me this wasn't a quick fix. I squinted all day like a pirate since one eye is much better than the other and waited for Tim to come home so he could drive me to the repair place.A woman seriously resembling Stevie Nicks (remember, I am blind) helped us out and showed how the part that holds the lens to the front of the cat eye was completely seperated. Normally this would be soldered, but with technology, LASERS would save us.LASERS!!!!There were some kind of awkward old men hanging out so we left and went to grab a bite to eat and look at furniture at IKEA near by (bright lights and Scandanavian colours are okay to my underwater vision, apparently). We came back in 2 hours and they were cleaned, new nose pads to boot. Since I had done business with them in the past, they charged around $60 for the repair. Since the alternative would have been finding an eyeglass place, paying for an exam, getting a new pair of glasses in order to see by tonight...that is a bargain.Plus I got to keep my aluminum glasses for a bit longer...and they fit even better than before!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2009,4/16/2010,229,141,9,15,13>If I ever sing to you or about you, realize that you are loved. Now, this isn't your typical, halfhearted, fleeting type of love. No, no, this love...is nothing but the purest, most fulfilling love you well ever experience on this entire planet.Modern Burger, I sang to your sliders. Juicy, melt in your mouth, mini beef patties, and the buns, oh baby those buns! I sang to the fries too, with their fresh and crispy deliciousness. With Kosher salt too?! There isn't a better salt to use if you ask me. Hey, I've got plenty of this awesome love to go around! ...and man oh man do these heaven for the palate sliders and fries deserve it!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,4/14/2010,752,378,19,24,25>Yodel -Le - He-Ho!!!   Been dying for some food to remind you of the French Alps? Yes? Well I have got a beautiful place for you to try ... a bit of  yumminess right here on Bell rd... Crepes, Tartines and Fondue ..what more could you ask for ? How about an ice cave ? Yes just when you thought that you'd never see an ice cave for comedians and what not ..there it is...  Seriously... right on the Bar side of the restaurant... Okay new place to try kids and it is really tasty. Husband and  I had the Scallop/Mediterre  Savory Crepe which was lovely  and the Jamon Frankekuchen --which translates loosely   "tasty ham / pear pizza with crescent roll crust  " super delicious ... now the shocker was the over hazelnutation of the  sweet  crepe...   wholly  nutella folks  ...too much ... but yet we ate it all. The interior begs for you to take this place seriously as a french /swiss alps restaurant  and to be honest it does remind me of a bistro we ate in Lucerne, Switzerland... , there  really is a fake ice cave ala the matterhorn area of Disneyland ,which the owner plans on using as a stage for comedians ..I am laughing already. There also is a crepe cam  which shows the making of the crepes in the kitchen  and is televised to the bar  area..ah.. neat.   Call me and lets go get a crepe together!!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/16/2009,11/19/2009,275,351,11,13,12>A-OK.Yup.Look, I love movies. I am a movie theater junkie. I try to see 1-2 moves in the theater a week and have no problems getting up early and watching 2 movies in a row at Camelview or the cheap and amazing Pollak on Elliot in Tempe. So excuse me if I don't jump up and down in excitement over some of the worst British "comedies" in history being played at the worst times imaginable on Mill Ave. I swear, I will watch anything...yet somehow this theatre manages to pick the worst of the indies, the most boring documentaries, the most "rollicking" UK butler humour...my god, my blood pressure soars thinking about the poor choice in reels.BUTThere is fleeting hope. I had an early date w/Mustachio to see the movie "Once" and we shared a "moment". For Halloween we saw "Let the Right One In" which tears Twilight in a thousand pre-pubescent vampire pieces-christ that movie is brilliant.And last night I dressed Mustachio in a pink blazer, put a purty dress and watched my favourite movie "16 Candles". Is it wrong to love this movie? Yes. A thousand times yes. But I never thought I would see it on the big screen, curled up w/my own Jake Ryan, my buck Harkins Cup and popcorn in comfortable seats for 5 bucks a pop.Whoa??!?As Billy said, if they played more classic fare for 5 bucks, they would need a frequent visitor club card for me not to go broke supporting shit I could netflix...but don't feel like it.If the managers read this, please please please pick better movies to show at this venue, advertise them better and have more midnight movies! And old ones too! Cut.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2009,11/18/2009,171,110,9,10,9>Dinner at Sens was, hands-down, one of the best meal-experiences we've had here in Phoenix. Four of us (2 couples) made reservations at Sens for 6:30 on a Saturday night. It was a good thing we had reservations, because shortly thereafter, the place was packed. Sens is not a place to grab a quick bite; rather, this is the place to go to use all of your senses (get it?) - taste, smell, see, hear ... the music was great, the lighting was nice, and the food was amazing. We started off with some drinks. I was intrigued by their infused Shochu ( a Japanese vodka). To start, I tried the lychee-infused Shochu with club soda. My friend also enjoyed the lychee Shochu but with club soda and a splash of cranberry juice, while her husband tried the logan Shochu chilled and straight up. My daring husband opted for the chili-infused Shochu, which was incredibly spicy. Not long thereafter, the waitress asked if he wanted it made into a martini, so he chose the "Hot and Dirty" (which was like a dirty martini, but made with the hot chili Shochu). Later, I tried the ginger-infused Shochu and the Lemongrass-infused Shochu. GREAT DRINKS! To eat, we dined like royalty on the following dishes:La Nho, lemongrass marinated beef wrapped in grape leaves.Volcano Flamed, thinly sliced beef seared on hot stone. The beef actually comes to the table raw, and you literally cook it for 40 seconds per side on a hot stone. Very cool.Shu Mai, wasabi pork and shrimp dumplings. Very tasty, with a kick!Papaya Mango Salad with shrimp in a lime vinegarette.Wasabi Soy chicken breast, marinated and served with rock salt wasabi.Lemongrass Soy chicken breast - this was probably my favorite dish!Spicy Wonton filled with sauteed chicken and pepperjack cheese.Red curry tofu - We ordered a side of steamed rice, which you really have to do in order to enjoy all of the amazing sauce in this claypot dish.and, finally, Quail seasoned with aromatic rock salt.I would order everything all over again. I loved that we got to try a little bit of everything, and we had such a fun time eating, chatting, drinking ... It was hard to leave! On a side note, I had the opportunity to chat with owner/executive chef Johnny Chu about the creation of Sens vs what's happening over at the restaurant-formerly-known-as-Fate. Johnny has taken the old Fate menu and infused it into the Sens lunch menu. He's also not involved with what used to be Fate (they are now calling it 905), so if you loved the old Fate, you need to find your way over to Sens!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,11/17/2009,369,124,9,11,10>I'm the newest fan of Ticoz after trying it last week for the first time. Myself and two wonderful ladies...shout out to Dottsy Z!..hit up happy hour on a beautiful Wednesday evening. Only happy hour turned into happy HOURS! Things I loved: *the over all vibe and styling of the place. Great decor and great hint of Spanish flair without over doing it. *the food was excellent. I had some chips and salsa which were pretty standard. The tacos, although, were outstanding. I had one chicken and one beef. The beef was AWESOME! I am trying to eat red meat only two times per week and I may just have to have both meals be these tacos! *The service was great as well. I've heard people say this place is "gay friendly". This day and age, "friendly" anything is wonderful. But seriously, our server/bartender was very knowledgeable, friendly, and prompt. I can't wait to head back to dine on the patio and explore the menu more!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,11/16/2009,197,182,25,27,24>"It's like a jungle sometimes, It makes me wonder, How I keep from going under..."hopefully Gallo Blanco doesn't go under anytime soon..this spot has been the home of many failstraunts, you know..the places that just can't hang. i really hope more for wee lil' Gallo Blanco.the menu is straight forward, not overly complicated with too many items to choose from. really easy to fall in love with the simplicity. the 2.00 tacos are really good. and if i ate fish, i could try to settle the long lasting debate on if PHX really has Culture or not...fated by Fish Tacosbut alas, that question still lingers. i can say tho..that if culture was fated on Pork or Beef tacos then i could confidently say that PHX has mad culture. cause the tacos here are awesome. 2 bucks for 3 bites of a fully loaded soft corn tortilla. totally money well spent.the corn on the cob is freaking amazing. i don't typically order corn on the cob in restaurants because i don't want to be picking corn out of my teeth while having dinner conversation...but these...these right here..these right here are totally worth it. get all that corn up in your chompers and enjoy.4 stars for great food, comfortable atmosphere.i took a star from the bland horchata and semi remote location.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,11/15/2009,229,141,10,10,8>Ok, the only reason I'm giving this place a 4 on rating, is because our waitress left us hanging too long though out Samara A. (or as you all should know her as, Rada) and I's meal. I mean, I know I was acting like I couldn't make up my mind, due to previous intake of alcohol, but I wasn't that gone. I don't like when people insult my alcohol intelligence, I think I'm still pretty gosh darn smart, ok?! For the most part, I can see why people rant and rave about this place, and I'm pretty sure its all that much cooler at night. Yummy, nice sized stack of sweet potato fries plus margaritas (I think they were the apple twists, and our bartender made them really stiff, I must find out who this person is someday and plant a big kiss on their cheek because they just made my day ;) ) made us giggly and obnoxiously loud. I'm sure everyone could hear our conversations but we didn't care. We said things like, to that skinny woman taking more than 30 mins to eat a burger of some sort, and her even skinner friend nibbling on a salad, LEARN TO EAT! Well, Rada was saying it, but I sure as heck was thinking it. See, this is what happens, when you get the two of us together, its like jr. high again, and you better watch your derrière because we're looking for something to say about you, it entertains us. And just hope to G-d you're not in ear shot, because you might just get your feelings hurt. Hey we aren't mean women, we're just brutally honest. Did I mention how happy I am for Rada joining Yelp again?! This is going to be one heck of a year! Oh, and you know one of the waiters had a nicer purse than me...I need to go shopping.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2009,11/14/2009,690,342,21,21,22>Best.Bowling.Ever. Well... not by me. I bowled terribly, but I pretty much had the best time ever doing it!$11.85 for all you can bowl for four hours plus shoes on a Friday night?!? Bargain! $2 beers (Bud Light). I don't drink that piss water but everyone else seemed happy. Kick ass DJ rockin Van Halen, Michael J, Phil Collins and The Temptations!? Chickity Check!Quite possibly the biggest parking lot in the world. I doubt it has ever been filled up.The bartender was slower than the second coming... literally. I must have missed two round of bowling waiting for my drop top. This is the only reason I am giving it four stars and not five.SO, yeah... I have my own shoes and ball. I'm a geek, nerd, dork, whatever. Unfortunately the sole of one of my shoes broke off in transit so I had to borrow some from the alley. They were pretty dope. I actually considered leaving the one shoe they take in collateral so I could take those awesome bowling shoes home!!All I really have left to say is that this is the best bowling alley I have ever been to!
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,11/13/2009,129,543,8,13,13>One of the photos here shows a tempura battered jalapeno half filled with all sorts of goodness. All I have to say is: put-it-in-my-mouth. Last night's dinner at Yen was re-frickin-diculous. Dottsy suggested going balls to the wall with the Chef's Choice and she was not wrong. We started off with miso soup, then a small pickled cucumber salad. Then the sashimi plate arrived. As much as I wanted to scream "MINE!" and fight off my friends' advancing chopsticks, I held back. Salmon, tuna, albacore, yellowtail and octopus graced this huge display and each one was really mouth-watering. the octopus in particular was delicate and not at all rubbery. The tuna melted on my chopsticks before dissolving completely on my tongue. After we raided the sashimi plate we were delivered some baked roll that was inhaled before the server even left the table. I have to admit that after that roll we waited a good 20 minutes for another one to arrive, or even more. That was a bummer, but fortunately we had excellent company with whom to pass the time. In total we had the sashimi plate plus 5 rolls, which was a gut-busting affair. We completemented our meals with big ole sapporos and a few people had sake(bombs). All in all the measure of a sushi place is how fresh their cuts of fish are and Yen is tied for first on my list of best sushi places. The $60 per person price tag was a little scary but I do feel like the quality warranted the price tag, if not the quantity of rolls. And even though this is a hike, I will be back because of the spectacular work they did with their fish.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,11/12/2009,171,163,10,12,11>Okay WHY hasn't anyone told me about this place before?!I think I just found my new favorite Mexican place in the city!! and that says a LOT - I loves mah Mexican food!!Earlier today my mom and I were on our way to visit a relative when we decided to go have dinner somewhere, I wanted Biaz Market, but she didn't want to try somewhere new. So I suggested Ranch Market and she agreed, as we parked I saw the sign that said resturant, and I thought this location didn't have a deli like the one on the South side does - and we were confused. We chose to just give it a try. And we stepped one foot beyond the large corridors and it was so COLORFUL!This is what I mean by the 'hood being colorful, but here - you could actually SEE all the colors and it was beautiful. We wandered around and saw the cool stuff they have outside in a lil shopping area. But it was empty! We were worried that they were closed but trugged on ahead. waay in the back was the entrance of the actual resturant. We were warmly greeted and seated right away because, at 4:30PM on a Tuesday - they were very empty... there were only 3 tables occupied in their very nicely decorated dining room which was very clean and even boasted a mural. Loves it! :) our waiter brought us some chips and salsa but the salsa lacked a kick, it's never hot enought me (that sounded dirty didn't it?!) haha! So I asked for something spicer - he gave me a look of concern and said they had habenero sauce... BRING IT! I was excited... the H-Sauce was KILLER!! But oh - so - freakin - good!! I loved it! i started mixing sauces and dubbed myself the Salsa Alchemist! :D After an entire bowl of chips, our food was ready. I had the Sampler Appetizer and it was very good. My mom had the combination with a Red Tamale, cheese enchilada with rice and beans. My sampler appetizer was sooooo good! The Flautas were nice and crispy and the seasoned chicken was awesome and went better with the mild sauce. The mini beef chimi was the BEST damned chimi I ever ever had! I wanted to pack the rest of my meal to go and order a chimichanga and eat that! lol! I had to have my mom sample it and she loved it too! The Sopricitos were AMAZING! I never had anything like that before. The waiter explained that they were a very thick Corn tortilla topped with seasoned chicken, lettuce, tomato, queso fresco & tomitillo sauce. I will definatly go back just for this dish alone! And as if that wasn't enough - the chicken enchiladas were very good, but the sauce was very deep... it had a very dark flavor. Almost too dark, I would have liked for it to have been a lil lighter in flavor. But it was still good.My mom enjoyed her tamale but felt it was a tad too dry, she wanted red sauce but chose not too ask for it because she felt the enchilada sauce was way too strong for the tamale. She didn't really like her chese enchilada and didn't finish it. But she liked the beans and rice. and really enjoyed the automosphere as well as the chips and salsa. Inspite those small faux pas, I'm still giving it the full 5 stars because the service was SO amazing. It's been a while since I've had exceptionally great service. Everything was spot on... To my fellow yelpers: you MUST go and enjoy yourself! However, they have crazy-funky hours so look out for the signs that indicate whether or not they're open. I hope more people give this place a go - with the economy the way it is, I'd hate for this place to close because no one's going! And don't be afraid to ask for the Habenero sauce, yes it's melt your tounge atomically hot, but ask for an empty salsa bowl and start mixing the sauces and get your salsa alchimist on!!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,11/11/2009,332,375,9,11,11>I just finished my muffeleta sandwich from Dlicious Dishes and am trying to figure out a way to get back there as soon as possible to try more of the items! Workies and I ordered sandwiches to bring back from the office. They were D'LICIOUS! While there I also purchased some white truffle oil and 2 large wooden spoons. The place is filled with prepared foods that look amazing and priced well. There are also pastas and sauces and breads and all sorts of gourmet condiments. You need to check it out-- you can eat there or take it home. Either way, your tummy will be happy!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,11/10/2009,59,159,6,12,9>FINALLY!!!!!!!i had a 30 minute break during work this morning and on my drive down 7th ave i noticed two hippies breakfast joint was officially in business. walked in and the place is HUGE, and unlike their other locations they have places to sit down and eat inside, plus little stools all along the outside.their menu is HUGE and they serve breakfast all day, plus burgers and chicken sandwiches and such.  their breakfast bowls can be made as burritos which is what i did. you can choose up to 6 add-ins including chorizo, bacon, green chile, an assortment of cheeses, garlic, onions, peppers, the list goes on...and it comes with a side of potatoes.  i think they're lacking (besides chorizo and sausage) some kind of shredded meat (like machaca) or chicken for their breakfast burritos..and good hot sauce (the ones on the tables were blah). great friendly service and one free refill on your coffee. place is cash only, and the ATM takes forever. this place is going to be very successful in the future...breakfast all day and bomb breakfast at that.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,1/2/2010,239,156,10,16,8>Is this the best Italian Deli / Bakery that I've ever been to? No. Is this the best one in the Valley area? Absofrigginlutely!!! This is the ONLY place that I know of in this metro area that you can select from eight varieties/brands of San Marzano Tomatoes. If you have to ask why that is significant enough to merit 5 stars... then I can only imagine that you haven't spent decades attempting to perfect your Pomodoro or Pizza Sauce. Combine this with the fact that they almost always have Rainbow cookies available and some of the best fresh Italian breads, and you have achieved two-thirds of an almost idyllic Italian meal. Before you leave the store, make sure you take a leisurely stroll along the back wall. This is what I like to consider a little piece of heaven on earth. Every imaginable cheese / meat you've ever heard uttered by the Mario's, Lydia's, and Giada's of this world can be found in the case that runs the entire length of the store. Want to create an out of this world antipasto selection for your next get together? Seriously if you can't find it in that case, you are trying to live up to Captain Jack Harkness standards, and although I adore him... he is a work of fiction! And I have to agree with Nathan; they make one hell of a sandwich, but I've never sampled any of their other eat in/take out items, so my input is limited on that side of the house. This is not a "pretty" place. It's not trendy or new and it is located in yet another strip mall. But it is a fully functional, family run, local business that is operated by two of the nicest guys you would ever want to meet. As far as quality and friendliness goes, this place rocks! I discovered Romanelli's about 25 years ago (remember... it's not polite to ask a girl's age) and let's just say, they had me at ciao. : )
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,1/1/2010,2178,528,33,32,34>Oh Ma Gawd! Samantha needs to get her sweet little ass to Talavera. Then she would have her best meal so far. This certainly ranks as one of the best dining experiences I've ever had. From the lobby of the masculine Four Seasons (like Ralph Lauren masculine, not Martina Navratilova masculine) to the bar to our own private dining room, everything was simply outstanding. Chef Frank Robertson had prepared a special seven course meal for our party, we just had to select our own entree and the decision was agonizing. I went with lobster served with corn, baby squash and cabbage. Perfection! Preceding my entree we had three amuse bouche; Blue Fin Tuna Poke, Sesame, Avocado ; Heirloom Tomato and Burrata, Basil, Orange Olive Oil, Balsamic and I'll be darned if I don't remember the third. Did I mention we had predinner cocktails? Belvedere and freshly squeezed grapefruit juice for me and a round of Absolut LA drinks for most of the others. And the wine. It was pouring like Morton salt. My favorite was a Carneros Pinot Noir. Like drinking liquid velvet! Other foodies raved about the filet, the scallops and the sea bass. Prices for entrees ran from high 20s to mid 40s. Worth every penny. Dessert for us were several plates of sweets...small pieces of various delights from truffles to cakes and pecan bites. I felt like Lucy on the chocolate factory line. Dare I say I stashed a few in my cleavage for the ride home? Misc:Service was five stars all the way. Thanks to all who made our party special.The long fire "pit" outside is fabulous.Views of the Valley....uh...maze...ing!Cloth handtowels in the restrooms. Nice touch. Cotton is afterall the fabric of our lives. Chocolate does tend to melt when nestled between your shirt and your chest. Cheers my yelpitas. Here's to a fabulous winter in Arizona!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,12/31/2009,458,172,10,11,11>I used to be scared...I used to be petrified.  I was never one to branch out with my variety of cuisine, which meant that I never had Indian food before...until a couple of months ago when I was invited to a dinner party. And at Flavors of India...my Indian Food cherry was broken.I decided to review this place now...since I have experienced other restaurants since.  I tend to always come back to this location.  The place seems very clean, I love the Bollywood videos that they play, and I love the service.  And I think that they have the best buffet!  Now, I am really bad at names of the food that I order there (which is why I end up at the buffet...I may not know the names, but I know what I like looks like)See me there at lunch real soon :)
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2009,12/30/2009,128,30,22,19,17>There's a hair in my arugula. A long, straight hair. I know what you're thinking ... 'well, that's better than a short and curly hair.' Although true, I'm just not in need of the extra protein. Plenty of that provided by the grilled tenderloin sitting atop of said arugula and beside aforementioned hair.I chose not to make a scene as the place - early afternoon on a Tuesday - was fairly full of fine female patrons. I removed the hair with surgical precision and proceeded to enjoy my lunch. And enjoy, I did.I saw many many savory items on the menu, but I can only speak to the Arugula-Gorgonzola Steak. Tasty. Oh ... and the sweet potato chips were the truth as well. The place is kinda' unique in that it shares two different suites - a "market" on one side and an "eatery" on the other - joined by a breezeway in the middle. One could enjoy their meal, or a glass of wine outside if one so desired. Four stars. I'm not deducting anything for the hair, but the 'Box is awfully proud of their prices and the service leaves much to be desired. I mean, the gal that occasionally tended to me was friendly ... just not necessarily well-versed in the art of prompt, accommodation of customer requests. Like the one I made for silverware and a napkin. Twice. That said, the Herb Box was a cute little joint and I'm sure I'll be stopping in again for lunch when I find myself hocking fenestrations mid-day in north Scottsdale.Next time I'll try a twelve-dollar sandwich. Brown Sugar Pork Ciabatta. Sans follicle, if I may.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,12/29/2009,278,165,10,20,19>Screw the Depot, this place rocks for cheap DIY! You'll never know what you'll find at this hardware thrift store. They mostly carry used home improvement stuff like doors, windows, sinks, furniture, door hardware, oops paint, etc...but from time to time you can find a great selection of brand-new stuff that contractors donate. I scored a brand-new-in-the-box Moen kitchen faucet for $37! I was super excited over that bargain. I've also gotten a bunch of little things here like a soffet vent for the roof, door knobs, paint brushes, windows, etc...and you can't go wrong for the price. Their prices are a fraction of the cost of home improvements chains and you're helping recycle and giving money to a good cause.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,12/28/2009,708,1493,30,16,19>.                                               sandwiches and                      Capriotti's steak                             I  am          one  of                                                                still fullI had                                                                                       4 hours later.I guess           it's a                                                                               medium.                   good thing                                                   not the                                     that I ordered                sandwich                                                        the smallFilling and delicious but not for the faint of heart.  Urp.  Mmm, sweet peppers.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2009,12/27/2009,174,98,13,14,12>I am embarrassed at how much I love Mojo Yogurt. Like, I miss it when it's not around me. Like I would probably marry and move in with Mojo Yogurt if it asked me. I have to have it at least once a week or I get the shakes. I fear my love affair with Mojo Yogurt is turning into more of a crack addiction than the fun fling it began as.Regardless, Mojo Yogurt is better than all the new tart tasting, not terrible for your health, fro-yo places of late because it actually tastes good. Are you listening Dallas G??? Some of us like our sweets to actually taste like sweets, a foreign concept, I know. North Eastern elitist snob or not...The Mill Ave. location is the best in my opinion (and yes, I've been to just about all of them) because it is the biggest, has the largest array of flavors, and can accommodate the most people so I never feel crowded. Also, they let you sample as many flavors as you want!! Dangerous, as I've seen people more than once (shakes her head at her colleagues) come in, sample several flavors, and leave without buying anything.Anyway, Mojo has flavors like chocolate that actually tastes like chocolate, cookie monster that tastes like cookies in cream, always at least 1 non-dairy option for the lactose-intolerant, and a couple tart flavors for the more health-conscious who like their fro-yo to elicit the reaction of sucking on a lemon.They have a huge do it yourself topping station with everything from freshly cut strawberries, blackberries, crushed up snickers (my personal fave) and sprinkles to off the wall additions like fruity pebbles, miniature gummy bears, and captain crunch.Anyways, it's delicious, and you should go. Or you can be like Dallas G. and rebuff yummy treats in favor of being smug . The choice is yours.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,12/26/2009,596,450,19,18,19>I admit it...I like potato chips:)Back when there was about 60 pounds more of me to love, you could say I really liked potato chips:)But still, if you are looking at the classic "nutrition pyramid"...potato chips are stuffed in there at the tippy top, along with perfectly grilled bone-in rib eye's, single malt scotch whiskey and Dungeness crab legs...all good things and good for you, too:)At the Village Tavern, they have an appetizer called Colorado Potato Chips...freshly fried potato chips...with a bunch of junk on them.But, if you ask them nicely, they will bring you just a plate of the chips, all fresh and warm and salty, right out of the fryer...without all the rest of the toppings:)Now that's an accompaniment:)A grace note, if you will:)The Beautiful Carin and I stopped by the other evening... we hadn't been there in several months, and Sarah G's review reminded me that I have missed the good old Village Tavern.They pour a nice drink at the VT and have a " 1/2 price on any and every drink" Happy Hour, so we had a couple of inexpensive KetelOne marti's and decided to have an early dinner:)I had the Maple Cured Pork Chop and Carin had their Teriyaki Chicken...both were very good!At VT, they also make a decent prime rib, some very serviceable burgers, a crab cake sandwich that really uses real crab and tastes like a crab cake should (no, it won't transport you to Newport News, but it's good:), and a Chinese Chicken Salad that always seems to draw me in:)I've had all of these menu items before (and several other items as well) and never had a bad meal:)In other words...good, solid tavern/road house fare...except for the chips:)They transcend the genre and make VT a place worth returning to from time to time (not too often...got to watch the cholesterol:)The atmosphere is pleasant and the service has always been very pleasant and friendly:)I never feel that the staff is trying to "optimize" me or turn the table quickly.And finally, in a rare "double", I need to give a five star shout out to the Village Clubs...by showing my membership card for the Village Clubs at VT, I get a 15% discount on the entire bill:)I know...it's a chain and I do like to buy local, but come on...Village Tavern has those potato chips...Fresh, Warm, Perfect Potato Chips!Potato Chips...Just when I thought I was out...they pulled me back in:)
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2009,12/25/2009,362,221,13,13,12>Let's be honest, there is hardly any meat I won't eat. Ok, liver sucks. Anyway, just because I love meat doesn't mean I am not evolved enough to eat at a vegetarian restaurant. I'd heard great things about Green & went there with my vegetarian friend.The food was great. I even loved the mock chicken. Do I know what the mock chicken is made of? No, and I don't care. It was good.They have these shakes that are made without milk which is awesome, because I'm allergic to cow's milk. It was huge, delicious, & there was no way I could finish it. Am I going to turn vegetarian after eating there? Not a chance, but I will for sure go back & eat some more fake meat. Told you I loved meat...even fake meat. ;O
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,12/24/2009,848,353,15,19,19>I was met at the back door.  Yes, I'm your back door girl!  Parking here can be a bitch, as well as pulling into the place...but when you get there...Heaven!I got a cheese and garlic pizza to go.  I pulled into the parking lot and they said my name.  Stalker?  Nope.  Just good service, I guess.  Or maybe they know what a pain it is to park in back and walk allllllll the way around the building to get to the front door?  Anyway...This is true East Coast pizza.  Thin crust, proper sauce and amount and loads of dripping cheese.  Tons of crushed garlic, too!  My first time there, I chatted with the owner.  He actually uses Frank's for his wings!  Hey, I'm from Buffalo.  I *know* wings!  I didn't have them, but he did let me try the sauce.  Perfecto!Huge, East Coast slices, too.  The kind you have to fold in half to eat it, with grease dripping down your hand to your elbow.  THIS is what pizza is supposed to be!!!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,9/6/2008,4,3,9,8,8>Shady's is my absolute favorite bar. Completely unpretentious, a great mix of people and reasonably priced drinks. If you really want to experience Shady's at it's finest be sure to go on a weekday as the weekends are always crowded.Everyone here is friendly, including the bartenders. My one and only gripe about Shady's would be the ammount of people that just HAVE to play "Bela Lugosi's Dead" by Bauhaus over and over and over. Sure, it's the only Bauhaus song you've ever heard but it's the worst song to play at a bar. So please, stay away from the Bauhaus album in the jukebox, the regulars will thank you.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2008,9/5/2008,332,486,4,9,6>Carly's, you are my new favorite place in Central Phoenix. Even after reading the less-than-stellar reviews, I decided to take my brother here before touring the surrounding blocks, stopping at The Lost Leaf and nextDOOR. Good idea, cuz I was hungry! The inside is very cool. I love the bar area, the comfortable feel, the hand-drawn art on some of the tables. Even better, the service was top-notch. Not only did we get one person to wait on us, but we got two! My water never went dry. After perusing the variety of beers, I decided to save myself for, let's face it, my favorite art bar, The Lost Leaf. Yet, I was DEFINITELY tempted to try something new, like the Red Chimay or what was referred to as "the Czech Bud Light." Everyone loves a lager, right? Well, that description turned me off. But, fret not, they do have Stella on tap for $3 (for 12 oz). I definitely want to come here during happy hour - 5 to 7 p.m. Oh, as for the food, DELICIOUS! Our friendly Aussie waiter wasn't shy when I asked him what his favorites were. Turns out, we decided to order his two faves, the Prosciutto and Cuban sandwiches. With the chips, please. We didn't wait long for our food. I was delighted to see how colorful the chips were - one even looking like a dried rose petal. My brother and I both agreed: these chips were damn fine! So was our sandwiches. My Prosciutto sandwich came with a fig paste spread on Napolitano bread. Then there was the tasty meat and cheese (Gorgonzola). I SAVORED.EVERY.SINGLE.BITE. I even saved one of the chips for last, since they were such a tasty find. I wanted to ask for me, yet I told myself not to be gluttonous. I really can't wait to go back. The Prosciutto sandwich was so divine, I'm not sure I can try anything else, although I really wish I could. The Caprese and Smoked Salmon sandwiches both sound incredible. Damn. I'm craving Carly's now. I'm so excited I found a place like Carly's that's just a short drive away! Gonna need to go soon! I recommend you go, too.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,9/4/2008,0,1,4,7,5>For what this place is, [a cheap, tasty land of burritos (and some other mexican food)] It's gotta get five stars from me. I love it! My roomates eat there like 4 times a week, no joke! It's quality.A little greasy, which is why i don't eat there as much as them. But, if you want good, fast mexican style food. You have to try this place.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,9/2/2008,3,8,8,4,4>The salsa is by no means hot, but always taste fresh and delicious. As for the notorious .99$ margaritas... I think they are now $2 but still definitely get you messed up and are tasty enough for only 2 bucks. It puts some people off that the margaritas are poured from a tap like a draft beer, but once you have two or three you are fine with it. I witnessed such a lady make an issue with the draft margarita who insisted on having it shaken in a cocktail shaker. The bartender reassured the senorita that this was the house margarita that everyone was enjoying. She just couldn't wrap her head around it. I wanted to say "Listen lady, Its $2... and it will get you fucked up, just enjoy it"! But my reserved nature dictated otherwise.The atmosphere and the food are above average, standard Sonora Mexican fare that is not very spicy. The location is ideal if your buddie's girlfriend is having a baby at John C. Lincoln hospital and you want to have the "Holy Shit! your a Dad" talk over 3 pitchers of margaritas. Because when you are done he can just walk back over to the maternity ward while you finish your green chile quesadilla.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,9/1/2008,236,133,14,6,6>Holy cow I finally found spicy jerk chicken. Do not...I repeat, do not order the jerk chicken and the red diablo together with jerk fried rice, all were delicious, but together it felt like I had swallowed a live wolverine. I love the combinations here.the girl got teriaki and red jade chicken which i tried and both were also quite yummy.The only regret I have is not ordering a dozen snickerdoodles to go. Jesus those things taste like angels! We will be back far too often i am sure.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,8/31/2008,23,12,2,10,7>Wow, I usually dont write reviews, I just read up to see where is a good place to eat. This place is amazing and definetly needing more positive reviews. Tucked away in a corner of a strip mall this place has amazing southern food. The fried green tomatoes were perfectly seasoned and delicious. My wife had fried chicken, which was very juicy and the batter was perfect. I had the pork chop which was not just one pork chop, but TWO huge porkchops smothered in gravy.  The fried okra is the way okra is supposed to taste crunchy and yummy. Usually I had to settle for Cracker Barrel for okra(which wasnt that great), but now I know where to go for comfort food. The menu has a big variety not just fried food. They had baked spaghetti, po' boys, chicken, pork. The dessert's are all made from scratch, we had the peach cobbler and it was to die for.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2008,8/30/2008,49,26,18,14,15>Well first of all, what everyone has told me about this place and what I have read is basically true. This is a great little hideaway and the jukebox is prime for punks and psycho/rockabilly lovers.The drinks were dirt cheap and wonderful. I was imbibing in buck-fifty cans of ice cold PBR and sipping Makers Mark for 2 hrs and my bill was under 15 dollars. Ding!(*they also have Old Style for you Midwestern transplants to make love to!)The bartender was really laid back and cool, a total sweetie, very accommodating. I was here in the Early afternoon after a seriously intense business meeting, still dressed in AZ business-casual attire, not cool and hip in a punk tee. No hipsters were yet installed in place on the stools around me. Just five or six laid-back barflies (who I might add were very nice and quite funny as well.) No problems whatsoever.Until...Music-Snob-Boy came in with his Robert Smith day -off haircut and enough evil-geek attitude to drive me out. Basically forcing me, Mr. Easygoing himself to tell the fucker to "fuck off" and get up and leave.The fucker kept trying to fight with me about The Pixies... and there is really nothing bad to say about the Pixies... ever. But this turd cat would not let up, ruining my entire Rogue West experience and almost forcing me to come to blows. The little shithead was quaking in his neon green Chuck Taylors by the time I finally left. (I really did try hard to ignore him, but he followed me around the bar...)Anyway... A great dark hole. I loathe strip malls but I guess I need to get use to them, because everything out here is in  one. Although once in the interior of the Rogue It felt like I was in more of a NYC basement bar, with dark smoke-stained paneling and minimal but tasteful lighting.Quite a nice escape.Highly recommended for an afternoon vampire recharge.Just watch out for music-snob-turd-cat-in-the-neon-green-Chuck-­Taylors who is 36, still works in the record store and probably is still holed up in his Mama's basement. (I wanna slay him! Verbally, non-violently... heh! You would have too!)Live long and prosper. \m/*This would be a 4.5 (maybe even a 5) star review if it wasn't for my experience with Pixie-hating Turd Boy.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,8/29/2008,92,86,17,14,9>Cheap pedicures are everywhere. But so is foot fungus.So when I want a $20 foot fix, I look for some degree of cleanliness. Thankfully, Paulene Nails delivered -- and then some.To whit: Hot. Stone. Massage.Yes, really, included in the $20 pedicure. And I saw the girls doing manicures give straight-up backrubs. With a $12 manicure. One complaint: Rounded, not square. Rounded like a quarter. Rounded like first base. Rounded like my ass. Just....rounded. Please?
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2008,8/28/2008,454,555,8,13,11>3.5 stars. If you must do a chain Mexican restaurant in Phoenix, then Arriba is your place.   Don't bother with Macayo's, Ajo Al's, etc.  Sure it's not the best, but when you want full-service and don't want the uppity Barrio Cafe type of place or the counter-service La Tolteca type of place, Arriba is good for that.The servers are always friendly, the atmosphere inside is more gawdy than its busted bright Vegas jumbotron on its exterior sign on Camelback -- but is to be expected -- and the chip/salsa stand thing is righteous.  We were in there and out of there for dinner last Thursday in under 40 minutes (a measly 10 minute wait for our food) and under $30.While I sometimes order the White Sands Chimichanga adorned with a creamy white cheese sauce and a mini New Mexico state flag toothpick, the Pollo al Diablo is my favorite and features a grilled chicken breast covered with fiery Hatch chile and monterey jack cheese.  It's one of their more well known dishes and is not for novices.  I am not responsible for your indigestion or hyperventilations.  Just sayin.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2008,8/27/2008,540,167,11,9,9>This falls into the something to do before you die category. It's no longer called Joni's as Joni took off to run some other place. But the new owner's are awesome. So, there's a short order cook there named Mary. Imagine if the Soup Nazi was a shorter, slightly older woman and secretly the sweetest person on Earth once you put in your six years as a state employee and got to know her.  And imagine she makes a breakfast burrito so good you spend $3700 and hours standing in the line to order it over the course of your six years there. The breakfast burrito Mary makes is simply the best breakfast option in the state. No joke. I defy anyone to show me something better. Go there some morning. Order the burrito. Friday's there's chorizo. Change your life. Don't be afraid. There's a whole unexplored world out there. Tell her Dallas sent you and she may not yell at you for your shitty ordering technique.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,3/26/2012,690,342,12,15,12>SaBai Thai has become my new go-to place. I absolutely love the dishes, the service, the ambiance, and the overall experience!This Wendy's converted building is quite deceiving. The inside is beautifully modernized and offers a nice, clean, upscale, and accommodating atmosphere. At night, when the lights go down and the candles are lit, SaBai Thai is a perfect spot to take a date. They have an EXCELLENT happy hour, but their normal drink prices are incredibly reasonable as well. I can't tear myself away from the $4 bottle of Sake ($1 off beers/spirits and $5 glasses of wine on HH). I generally sit up at the bar to shoot the shit, but happy hour is good throughout the restaurant. As far as food is concerned, I am absolutely addicted to the lettuce wraps (tofu easily substituted) and the classic yellow curry, but the SaBai Fried Rice and the eggplant dish are delicious as well. The staff is incredibly friendly, especially Chris and the owner Eric who you can see bopping around from table-to-table making sure the guests are taken care of. His wife, Holly, mans the back of the kitchen and together they have created the perfect Modern Thai environment.In additional to the great atmosphere, delicious high-quality food, great drink prices, outstanding happy hour, warm and attentive service, they also have GREAT hours, especially for an Asian restaurant. Most Thai places close from 3-5 and don't do Sunday lunch service. SaBai Thai's modern take grants us Thai lovers action all day long, 7 days a week!I think even Mr. Sheen would agree, SaBai Thai is a WINNER!!!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,3/25/2012,91,179,6,7,6>Very inviting atmosphere. I wanted to try all the flavors but I restrained the gluttonous side of me. I ate the one that tasted like banana fosters it was amazing. Great fresh flavor and texture. I'm a little cheap so I knocked it down to 4 stars because $ 3 is still a little steep for a popsicle.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,3/24/2012,448,260,5,11,7>What a great little spot! Off the beaten path and "off the hook" as well! I had seen some previous reviews on Yelp but hadn't thought to check the place out. My parents were in town today and saw a full-page feature in the New Times on this place, so my dad suggested trying it. By the time we arrived after our delightful yoga class at Urban Yoga (how very Central Phoenix - I know, I know), it was about 1:40 and the place was completely empty. Sometimes, that can result in a less-than-enthusiastic greeting from owners or waitstaff but the man who greeted us was friendly and seemed genuinely happy that we were there. I love that. He took our drink order right away. The sodas were a little under-carbonated but no big deal. Easily fixed, for sure. My mom raved about her iced tea, so no complaints there. The menu was a little smaller than I expected (the owner later explained that he wanted to start more minimal and then branch out after getting a customer base, which is a good strategy IMO), but several things stood out to me. My dad and I ordered loat chat, worm-shaped rice noodles, but substituted tofu for beef (not immediately obvious that we could do this but we were gracefully accommodated), and the stir-fried shrimp (came with white rice, pickled vegetables and an egg roll). My mom chose the chicken noodle soup and we also got some fresh spring rolls for the table. All of the food came out very quickly and was extremely flavorful and robust without being too greasy or salty. The shell-on shrimp were a particular favorite of mine - although they were very messy to eat, they were very tender and had a nice kick to them. The rice noodles were also great and the shredded egg on top was a delicious touch. All in all, our meal was great - and affordable, to boot. All of our drinks, entrees and the spring rolls came out to only $34 including tax and tip. The owner was also great and we all loved his passionate approach to his business. He even told us that he opened the place because he was told that a Cambodian restaurant wouldn't survive in this city.  A rebel after my own heart. And, after all, doesn't Phoenix need more rebels?
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,3/23/2012,458,172,4,9,5>I don't know why I have waited so long to write my review for John and Space Massage Studio.  I believe I have gone to John since he opened a couple of years ago...and I never wrote a review.  I am a bit ashamed....but I think I have a really good reason (or two)I tell all of my friends that they need to go to John...but when it comes to why they should...there is so much into why that I didn't know how I could parlay it into words.   Over the years John has become more than a massage therapist to me....he has become somebody that gives great advice and actually listens to what I have to say.And because he listens...my massages are always customed to what I NEED!  Not what I want...not a massage that you can get anywhere.  Example last week when I got my bazillionith massage from John.  I mentioned to him that my job requires that I now where high heels....he knew that while my back was messed up he knew that my feet and lower part of my legs needed added extra attention.  Just through conversation he knew what I needed.And to me this is the most important thing I need from a massage therapist (or any therapist!!! HA!)  John is so attentive and really really really does give the most amazing massages in the universe!  I am happy that my schedule is more flexible so I can make the time to see John and Space Massage Studio.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,3/22/2012,795,565,9,10,6>Katy Perry ought to do the commercial for this place:U. S. Egg girls, they're just unstoppable,Daisy dukes and pancakes on top. . .More about that in a minute.  First, I'll talk about the food.  This is the first restaurant we went to when my family first rolled into Phoenix.  While their famous "protein pancakes" weren't my taste, I'm a big fan of their regular pancakes and think that theirs are about some of the best I've had.  Fluffy and tasty, they really hit the spot.And of course, the eggs.  At many places like IHOP or Denny's, you often get scrambled eggs cooked in this weird-tasting grease that leaves you with a burning sensation on your tongue.  At U.S. Egg, they're just tasty, and cooked in butter--delicious.  If you're looking for an opinion of their protein pancakes, just ask my wife.  She's really impressed by them and has ordered them on both occasions that we have visited.Okay, on to the customer service.  Another reviewer said below that "legs sell eggs", and he's right.  This is where my "daisy dukes" comment comes in--the servers are all women, and many wear shorts and brightly colored cosmetics.  Beyond their appearance, they tend to be nothing special, and sometimes aren't even particularly nice.  Getting their attention can be challenging.  Nothing horrendous here, but significant enough to dock a star.  Too bad--this would easily be a five star place if they really focused less on legs and more on helpfulness.If you are looking for a kick-ass breakfast, and don't mind some chilliness and a little bare skin from your server, U.S. Egg will do you right.  Sometimes there's a bit of a wait to get in--not surprising, and totally worth it!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,3/21/2012,736,547,13,15,15>I don't know if Dodey's is seedy enough to be classified as a dive bar, but I can say CHEAP ASS DRINKS!~There are lots of fun things to do like playing pool or darts, or simply staring  at the chicks in lingerie behind the bar. (You guys know who you are).Dodey really knows how to light up a room and make everyone feel special and glad they came. Watch out for her though, she has been known to walk around shouting "Vodka shot for your beer?" and that can be downright dangerous. I'm not going to blow the secret on the newbie initiation but it is hilarious to watch and fun to partake in. If you are in the neighborhood I highly recommend stopping in for a pint. Just don't blame me if you end up taking a cab home.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,3/20/2012,1114,557,10,16,14>I think a burger should be grilled on an open flame...none of this flat fried grilling. BUTIf your going to do that start with a nice round ball of meat, squish it down and cook it to order, just like Lobbys does. It was one of the best fried burgers I have had. I would say maybe a tad better then 5 guys. I would get another if ever in the area!Keep up the good work guys!
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,3/19/2012,666,231,15,18,16>Ever had a piece of Broccoli that made you re-evaluate the vegetable entirely? Well I did, and I bought it from Phx Pub Mrkt. Beautiful verdant luscious dark green colour, crunchy savory and earthy, it even kept in my fridge far longer than I'd have figured an organic piece of Broccoli bought in an open air market should've kept. This broccoli made me a believer in this place. Nowadays I only shop for my seasonal fruits and veggies here, and the fact it's within walking distance from my shack only gives me further incentive. The market itself is not too big, they offer some hippie entrees at a lunch counter made by kids with tattoos and piercings and humble courteous faces. The veggies, fruits, and most of the merchanise is eihter a.)local b.)organic c.) expensive or d.)all of the above. However I love everything this market stands for and is trying to accomplish, I can only sing it's praises and shell money at it, hoping it grows into the little shop of horrors it was meant to be- with giant 7 foot anthropomorphized campy Little Richard like broccoli heads with a taste for blood and musicals.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,3/18/2012,67,93,8,9,7>Just down Scottsdale Rd from the plastic, the cougars, the roid rage, and the Delta Bravos is a little place that doesn't give a shit, in the best possible way. In many ways, this is the dive bar Scottsdale doesn't deserve but needs oh so badly (and let's face it, being south of McDowell probably means you are not in Scottsdale by many people's account, which is just fine). To be clear, let's discuss some things a dive bar is...First, they serve drinks and beer. No basil martinis, No Sonoma pinot noir, and No craft double IPAs. Second, you do not come here to be seen or for a scene...see the first point for what you come here for. Third, the motif...none...unless you count a few characters at the bar. Now those are the basics, but Rogue Bar adds in great local and national acts, a diverse, non-Old Town crowd, and a friendly staff. For instance, I recently saw The Mulhollands, from LA, and I assure you, this band will soon be playing venues where you won't be getting up on stage with the band...not that anyone I know did such things. That is a great thing about RB, the lack of pretense carries throughout all aspects...even the DJ let me play with his DJ toys. Yes, yes, you don't want to model your toilet after theirs, the pool table is old, and you may see a fight. But, these are added flavor for a true dive bar. At the end of night you can say you had the chance to -- crash in some comfy booths, play some pool, order pizza for the bar, meet some real people, have a cheap drink, and if you are lucky, hang out with the band at an after party. If you like a dive bar, go. If you don't, stay up the road, nobody will miss you at Rogue.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,3/17/2012,238,88,5,5,5>One word: Raspados.Oh. My. God.Seriously, I didn't even know this place existed and now I'm already craving it again. This is simple food done absolutely right. Not loaded with extra ingredients, but each bite is bright, fresh and bursting with flavor. The guacamole was creamy but chunky and perfectly salted. The tacos were amazing... but what really made the meal was dessert- Raspados. Shave ice flavored with your choice of fruits (I had strawberry with pineapple) and then topped with a scoop of ice cream. I'm salivating as I type this. What made it even better was the cook, who is the owner's mother, came out and visited with us for a few minutes. She was the nicest lady, and boy does she cook like a mofo.Eat here for dinner tonight. You wont regret it.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,10/12/2008,156,265,14,14,11>I finally convinced Hubby to give Lucky Boy a try, based on all the rave reviews by trusted Yelpers. We almost didn't get out of the car, however, when we pulled into the back, only to see a group of apparent drug addicts huddled at the side of the Circle K. One woman (?) was alternately pounding a man in the chest, snapping back his head by means of his hair, and then spooning him. Ah, meth. You are truly a showman.Anyway, when we decided to brave it, it was well worth the risk. The burgers were made from fresh, great quality beef, cooked to almost crispy on the outside, and yet still magically juicy on the inside. Fresh bun and toppings, and absolutely awesome fries. Super hot and wonderfully seasoned. I usually get some heartburn after eating fried foods, but had zero issues with Lucky Boy. We got some shakes to go- I had strawberry and Hubby had peanut butter. They were good, and very thick, but we both agreed that we prefer the more intense flavors of the shakes at the Chicago Hamburger Company.Will we be back? You betcha. And not just for the "scared straight" factor.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2008,10/11/2008,2178,528,54,27,34>My ode to Estelle Getty:Picture this. Scottsdale. Hotel Indigo pool. A middle aged gay man holding a glass of New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc runs to make a photo opp at Rickie's fashion show.He didn't realize the three svelt female models with air bags for breasts were nude. Naked. Sin ropa! Nada lotta!Except for their bikini-painted bodies. Yes. Body paint. By the pool. Me. Them. Slippery floor. Slippery glass of wine. As the photo is being snapped, I find myself losing my balance and I think, as I was going down with the wine, I should grab on to someone's clothing. To brace my fall. In front of hundreds. Well. They're nude. There is nothing to grab onto. Me and the wine go down spilling wine on all three of the models.Causing their body paint to start streaking! SNAP goes the photo. Oh. Hotel Indigo? The services? Valet guy parked my car. Hostess greeted me. Bartender overserved me. The models hated me. Good times...
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,10/10/2008,5,10,11,9,6>I am so lucky to live right next to what could possibly be the best coffee house in Arizona. I say this without a drop of sarcasm - Cabin Coffee makes a Mexican Mocha to DIE for, or at least run through the street naked with a sombrero on yelling "ARRRIBA!!!".  Their decor is very cozy and lodge-like, with big leather chairs and lanterns and rustic decor, and they even display local photographers' work for sale. Someone has always left a newspaper hanging around to read.The breakfast croissant sandwiches are amazing, I split the ham and cheese one with my dog before going to the dog park on Sunday mornings when we are awake enough to remember to stop in for coffee.The coffee drinks are always made with that extra flair (those swirly little deisgns on the foam on top of your drink!) which I love, what can I say, I am a girly girl at heart and those things are almost like a drink wearing a pair of great heels!The only thing that keeps this from being a five star place is that there always seem to be kids in here (which,ok, I dont dislike ALL kids, I have one who I truly adore, but when I am barely awake and my tolerance level is at its lowest, I don't need to hear someone shout at Cassidy or Kennedy or McKenna or whatever last name their kids are called fifty times before I have my hands around my hot spicy Mexican Mocha) so despite the kid-friendliness of the place I still absolutely love it. The price I pay for living in "stay at home mom Paradise" I guess. They do have a funny sign at the register that reads "unattended Children will be given a Puppy and Espresso" which is amusing and ironic at the same time. Amusing because of the obvious message, but ironic because, again, there are often a passel of semi-unattended kids bopping around. They also have gift cards and I tell ya, it wouldnt be half bad to get a gift card from here.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2008,10/9/2008,177,185,6,10,8>First, I'd like to send a shout-out to Irma, our server who has given me hope that there are caring hospitable people in the food industry.  Irma receives 5 stars for taking good care of me and my sweetheart during our recent date at the Havana Cafe. Way to go Irma!We step into a well packed restaurant on a Friday night with plans to try the Sailor's Paella Special and a few cocktails. We wait for just a few seconds until we are greeted by Irma and her warm smile and are led to our table. Our cocktail orders are taken immediately, 1 Mojito and 1 White Sangria. Both exceeded our expectations and were just thing to get our date started.The ambiance is whimsical and charming - Reminded me of the movie "The Bird Cage" without the drag queens and dramatic dialogue. Bummer!Now on to the Paella. It was the perfect dish for the evening offering plenty of shrimp, calamari, crab, scallops, muscles, tuna and a healthy serving of saffron rice. This meal also requires a little handy work to get to the crab and muscles but you are given the proper instruments to do so. This may not be the best choice for those who do not enjoy this kind of food activity but we had a lot of fun with it.  We will be back soon to try another interactive meal and partake of a round or two of Mojitos. So if you are in the mood for something different, fun, and oh so delicioso, I recommend you try a night out at the Havana Cafe. I also hope you have the pleasure of meeting a groovy gal who goes by the name Irma.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,10/8/2008,27,24,7,9,8>YOU ARE GOING TO DIE!!! For awhile now I have been saying that the Kierland/Promenade area needs to have a frozen yogurt shop. Well Miami Rice is sooo much better than that! Miami Rice is a store completely centered around 20+ flavors of Rice Pudding! Along with the typically ice cream toppings, they also have Active Culture Frozen Yogurt. They have everything from your typical Chocolate and Vanilla flavors, to Peanut Butter (my favorite), Canoli (amazing) and Coconut Creme. Mix a little bit of Rice Pudding with the French Vanilla Frozen Yogurt... I'm telling you, it is amazing!! All of their products are gluten free and no trans fat. The yogurt's are non fat as well, and I believe the puddings are too, but don't quote me on that. They owners of this franchise are so warm and welcoming and let me have as many samples as I wanted! Through conversation they even offered to give me free Rice Pudding refills... seriously who does that?!? If you're looking for an not-so-fatty alternative to Fro-yo or Gelato, try Miami Rice! (They will even tell you to "Have A Rice Day!")
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2008,10/6/2008,300,261,17,19,15>What can I say that has not been said already.This place is a Foodie's version of Crack!I was half way home when I wanted to turn around and go get me some more!OMG! It was just so delicious!! Starting with the giant mason jar of the coldest Ice Tea I've ever had and it was perfectly brewed not too strong or bitter. I got the unsweetened.I ordered a chicken breast with a waffle and a side of mac and cheeseEverything arrived steaming hot, even the syrup! I Love that!My waffle had a scoop of butter that was twice the size of a golf ball, The chicken was so crispy and flavorful, not too spicy or salty but just right, it wasn't even greasy.My Husband got the same with a side of cheesy eggs, He was lickin' his fingers and bobbin' his head.....so what does that tell ya!All in all it was the best we've ever had, We Will be Going back!After the withdrawals wore I off I slipped into a complete food coma and slept the whole way home!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,10/4/2008,26,68,6,8,9>Here's how the Phoenix Neutrino Project works.  Every third Saturday, the troupe gets together at Space 55 in downtown Phoenix.  People from the audience give them props, and they are sent out into the city with one video camera.  Two people are the actors, one is the videographer, and one is the 'runner'.  The runner is key, and I'll explain why in a sec.This is a live movie, all improv.  These actors are not given a script.  All they have to guide them is a prop.  Anyone who has done improv knows how hard it is.  Anyone who has seen Curb Your Enthusiasm knows how brilliant it can be.  While we're getting the lowdown of how things work from Team 3, Teams 1 and 2 have left to begin their improv adventure.  Finally, Team 3 is on their way.  Now the fun begins.After watching a few PSAs and previews (for more local improv shows), the movie begins.  Now, the editing is being done on the spot, too.  There are two guys in the back with a slew of electronic equipment.  They are in charge of editing the footage, putting it together, and adding a soundtrack.And let me tell you, they are wizards.The movie is put together, scene by scene, as runners from each team come back with more tapes.  Anyone who is familiar with improv acting knows that sometimes it works, and sometimes it doesn't.  When it works, it's effing hilarious.  Even when it doesn't, it's pretty damn entertaining too.I have to give kudos to these guys for putting themselves out on a limb every month.  This is a cool, unique Phoenix event.  Do something different next month and check it out.  I think I'll be there - with a prop this time.**This month's show on Sept. 20th, starts at 10p, not 8p!**
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2008,10/3/2008,76,159,13,13,14>DING DING DING!!!! We have a winner!Yes, Phoenicians, you heard me right, I am hereby declaring a winner of the best wings in Phoenix even though I haven't been to all the restaurants that other people recommended.  There is no need. The best that another restaurant could do is come close to the yumminess available at Angie & Jimmie's, and I'm pretty sure that's not possible.  I've had plenty of adequate and good wings in P-town, but these wings are EXCELLENT!The wings are huge and meaty, covered in a mouth-watering Frank's RedHot-based sauce, and crispy.  Just the way they should be.  I haven't had wings this good since August, when I went to Duff's while I was visiting Buffalo.I have one teeny-tiny complaint though, A&J's sprinkles some seasoning on top of the hot wings that tastes like meat tenderizer.  I'll make a point of asking them not to put it on the wings next time.  It didn't make the wings bad, but it was a little distracting from everything else they did right.Other things I loved:- 5 pictures of Elvis in the dining room, 2 are on velvet- The counter is a 2x4 frame covered with lattice, the exposed lights from a beam, mismatched garden chairs, inch-thick layer of dirt on the windowsill - Just like in Buffalo!- The squeeze bottle of dressing that they give you with your wings, although I'm not sure if blue cheese is available.  I'll check next time.- The place reeks of yummy-smelling pizza. I didn't have any out of kindness to the gluten-sensitive husband, but I might have to go back and buy myself a small.- The menu is simple and perfect: pizza, wings and subs - Again, just like in Buffalo!Improvements that A&J's could make:- Kick out my neighbors and open up a second restaurant here that is only open to me.- Free food
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2008,10/2/2008,216,161,16,17,12>I don't want to share, I'm selfish by nature. Not proud of the fact but a character flaw that has been working out for me so far. So, why do I share? I can't help myself and it is so good, I do believe I could be meddling with my karma by not mentioning this little know fact....The Farm House is serving dinner. Yep, you got it. Dinner. One night a week, Friday to be exact from 5pm-8pm and yes, you can order beer or wine. Mother of God, it is nirvana and this is not due to the fact that I live in Chandler and have eaten everywhere else! Dinner items are meatloaf with mashed potatoes, ham steak w/scalloped potatoes, chicken and biscuits...OUTRAGEOUS! There is more, I just couldn't memorize the whole menu. Now, I'm not a down home cookin' kinda girl. In fact, I would tell you that down home cookin' is just an excuse for not trying hard enough. Well, take me behind the wood shed and beat me silly, this down home cookin' is amazing. I have never ordered anything with biscuits as part of a main entree and again, after the severe beating with a fence post I deserve, the chicken and biscuits is luscious, buttery, chickeny gravy goodness that curls up on your fork and and caresses your tongue till you can love it no more and are forced to chew! The wait staff is courteous, swift to keep your water glass filled, helpful with the menu, have tried all the entrees and to kick things off will offer you a dinner roll before your entree. Yes, its a single roll and dumbo (me) rolled her eyes, I'm a slow learner and said no. Well, the rocket scientists I went to dinner with had the sense to say. "Hell Yes" and the dinner roll from heaven with wings arrived on its own cake plate with a pat of butter. Don't be an idiot, get the roll. Learn from my stupidity. Enjoy your Friday in Gilbert, do not take my table and tell no one, it will be our secret.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,9/30/2008,362,221,21,18,16>So the parental units call me up on Sunday and ask me if I want to meet them at this place they love called Spinato's. The catch, I have to meet them in a 1/2 hour coming from Scottsdale. Normally this wouldn't be a big issue, but I took lounging to a whole new level on Sunday, and I was looking pretty bedraggled. I quickly looked up Spinato's on Yelp, since my parents have been known to be hit or miss on some eateries. All great reviews, which made me really want to try it. The lure of a free dinner, (and seeing my mom) put my unshowered butt in gear! So I hopped in the car 15 minutes later looking slightly scary. Unfortunately, I couldn't wear a hat inside the restaurant, or I would have. Turns out it didn't really matter what I looked like anyway. At 5 PM on Sunday the crowd was right out of Cocoon, before they got in that pool! One lady even had her oxygen tank with her. I found myself wishing I could try it. I kept wondering if I breathed in that oxygen for a while, would I get some kind of wonderful, natural high???The place was packed, and it turns out those geriatrics really know their stuff. The food was great!We did the whole dinner family style. The antipasto salad with spinach was amazingly perfect, really the best I've ever had.  The garlic bread was deliciously, warm, garlicky, and crunchy all at once. The marinara sauce to dip it is was slightly sweet, but not in an obnoxious way. It was just the right counter balance to the garlic.The pizza itself was decent, not great, but decent. This is probably because I prefer thinner crust, and minimal cheese on the pizza, such as Grimaldi's, but that didn't keep me from eating it. It didn't keep me from having it for lunch the next day either! I will definitely be back for the antipasto salad with spinach & the garlic bread. I need to cut back on the pizza anyway. Oh, and the service was amazing. I don't even think we had one wait person. Anybody you asked for something immediately brought it to you! Seriously, nothing phased them. Love it, and hopefully I'll be back soon!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2007,4/8/2007,0,0,,4,3>I read a 5-star review of another Gelato Spot location so today when I walked past this location in Old Town Scottsdale, I thought I'd stop in and give it a try.  It's more like a cafe than an ice cream parlor (there is no "gelato" option in the category drop-down box) and it's apparent that it's supposed to be modeled after a cafe or "bar" in Italy.  The young woman working the front register even hit us with a "buon giorno" as we walked in (ya need to work on the accent though, honey).  The gelato selection was almost overwhelming - tons of flavors to choose from.  I went with Bacio, my favorite (chocolate and hazelnut).  It was pretty delicious and probably the best gelato I've had outside of Italy.  My cappuccino was pretty good, too.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,4/7/2007,41,58,2,3,4>Note to management:  please bring Houston's back to Chicago, please???I live in Chicago - but every time I am in AZ I stop in to Houston's at least once (OK, at least twice, and the first time is generally right after my plane lands).  I am a Houston's junkie.  I also used to work here in high school - but that bias has totally worn off.  And you know what?  If you worked somewhere and *still* want to eat there, the place must be doing something right. . .What is that something?  The smoked salmon appetizer, the spinach dip, the Arnold Palmer's with fresh squeezed lemonade, the Greyhounds with fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, the ribs (*drool*), the key lime pie, the apple cobbler, the fries with a side of mustard honey sauce, all of the salads - should I keep going?As you can see, I love this place.  It is a classic.  Consistently top-notch service (the servers actually adhere to the customer right-of-way rule, know lots about the food, and accommodate any reasonable request, and the bartenders seem to know every patron by first name and favorite drink).  The prices seem to have crept up a bit - but I just don't mind because the positives outweigh the price.  I *heart* Houston's.  This location is a bit more low-key than the Esplanade, though in the winter and spring you should expect a wait of 30-60 minutes, as they do not accept reservations.All in all, delicious food, crisp service, and a comfy setting.  I miss you, Houston's!!!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2007,4/6/2007,56,287,12,2,1>Where to start about this place.First off, I'm not gay, and this was my first trip inside a gay club so I don't have any basis with which to compare so my review may be a little skewed. My girlfriend and a few of her friends went here to check it out and dance without being bothered, and for that, it was perfect. I went in to meet them about twenty five minutes before close so my glance was brief. Here were some random thoughts in my pass through the club to the bar across the dance floor and back out as I left:- Hmm. No shirts? Obviously the "no shirt, no shoes" policy does not apply here. - Men are sweaty. Moreso than women. Reminder #1 of why I like girls.- My girlfriend has had too much to drink, which may explain why she can't find her purse. This could be a long night. - Even the bartenders don't have shirts. Wow. Unless you count a bowtie as a type of shirt. - There are five or six guys crowded around my girlfriend and I and none of them are checking her out. I kind of like this. - The five or six guys may instead be checking me out. I'm not sure if I still like this. - I have clearly indicated that I am straight but totally cool with these dudes. I am comfortable again. - My girlfriend's friend is making out with a shirtless guy! What is going on here? - Ah, the bathroom attendant is straight and picks up on chicks at the gay club he works at. - That guy is a genius!- I can't believe how few shirts there are in this place! Do they get inside and then take their shirts off, or just not wear shirts out of their houses? I'm not sure how this works. And, with that, we left.My girlfriend loved it so we will probably be back before long. I think I'll still wear my shirt, though.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2006,4/5/2007,201,379,6,5,7>I'm lovin' me some Chez Nous.Decided to throw caution to the wind and meet a fellow Yelper. Alas, Bonnie G. got lost along the way so I had time to survey the scene with the help of three gin & tonics and two really friendly, cute bartenderesses (I like making up new words).Music was strictly soul & old school R&B, which fit the mood perfectly. This place is DARK, but in a groovesque and inviting manner (if Barry White was a bar, he'd be Chez Nous). Crowd is one of the more diverse I've seen yet in Phoenix, and if TV's your thing, they've got one at the far end of the bar playing "Grey's Anatomy" on Thursday nights, but as I've never seen that show before, I wasn't going to start now, in this here cool bar of all places. Around the time Bonnie G arrived, a live band had started playing classic R&B and funk. They were kickass, as were the folks jivin' on the dance carpet. We sat there at the bar, shootin' the shit, and enjoying the music for a few more rounds of drinks. Like Shady's, I'm pissed that I've driven by this place countless times on my way to and from work and never thought once of going in. But now I know better, which means Chez Nous is going to be frequented by yours truly loads of times moving forward.Word to "The Noo."
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,4/4/2007,12,2,2,5,3>Welcome to...Frank and Lupe'sOld MexicoDating endeavors:  For two months I was repeatedly asked out by this guy and one day I finally succumbed to his request for dinner.  It wasn't that I didn't like him or find him attractive, it was just that I had seriously grown tired of the whole "dating" scenario and had secretly vowed to never endure it again.  I had met him, innocently enough, at an arts charity function for Phoenix Theatre, an annual event called the "Phoenix Follies".  Movers and shakers from across the Valley appeared to pledge their support, including Bob and Carole Machiz, Sheryl Cooper (who is super lovely) and Mark Hiegel, to name a few, along with presidents and CEO's of major companies and corporations such as The Arizona Republic, SRP, R&R and Watson Wyatt were in attendance.  Clearly, this guy was in good company and was introduced to me as an employee of one the consulting firms.  Having this information as a backdrop, I felt safe that he wasn't some sort of deviant or serial killer.  Still, though, I was apprehensive about the "date".The plan: The plan was to meet up for drinks and dinner to follow (so long as neither of us decided to bolt for the nearest exit half-way through our first cocktail) at the sushi fav in old town Scottsdale, Sting Ray.  Now, I've never really been a big fan of Sting Ray (more on that in a later review) and that Saturday I awoke with a particular craving for Mexican food; raw fish just wasn't going to cut it.  I got up, stumbled to the kitchen and riffled through that week's copy of Get Out. Flipping in earnest, I finally found the section that lists all the restaurants, hours, cuisine type, locations, etc.... until I located the object of my affection: Mexican food! Frank and Lupe's, 4121 North Marshall in Scottsdale, Arizona, sounded perfect!  I'm always searching for good Mexican food, which is surprisingly difficult to find amidst the massive amounts of impersonal chain food conglomerations that, at first glance, seem to comprise this fairly new city.A call to my date and a quick change of venue was made. (Sting Ray was one of my suggestions, after all, so he replied to my request with a noncommittal, "Whatever you want is fine," which, so you know boys, on a first date is not the way to go.  Be assertive. Take time to make plans.  We want you to impress us.)  I'm told when I call Frank and Lupe's that reservations are not required.  Overflow from the restaurant often ends up at the bar located behind it, Santos Lounge, so we are welcome to wait there in the event there aren't any tables available.First Impressions:  I arrive a few minutes late, having had difficulty locating the cute cottage that is the restaurant.  Luckily, I'm able to find parking along Marshall as the lot located next to Frank and Lupe's is modest, at best.  However, I make it and, thanks to cell phones, I find my date waiting for me at Santos.  Santos Lounge is edgy yet inviting, with cozy couches perfect for snuggling up to that special someone.  The night is fairly warm for winter in Arizona (and with outside heaters!) We choose to sit on the patio to avoid having to talk over the music.  It wasn't too loud, but on a date, it's nice to be able to hear the conversation.  Several drinks later, we decide that we are enjoying the company we are in and pop over to the restaurant for dinner. (Btw, Santos Lounge boasts over 32 different kinds of tequila and the bartenders were efficient, kind and entertaining.)Dinner:  I am in heaven!  Everything from the chips and salsa to the sopapillas is phenomenal!  I thoroughly love everything I taste.  Truly, there is nothing bad I have to say about this dining experience at all.  The restaurant is charming, "old world" Spanish style and the wait staff knowledgeable and prompt.  Bonus: The prices for the amount of food you receive is minimal... even with the bar tab.Final Thoughts:  At the end of the evening I am content.  Happily full, I have found a new favorite spot and, perhaps, made a new friend.  Added bonus?  You'll fall in love Frank and Lupe's... even if you don't fall in love with your date.411:  Frank and Lupe's is located at 4121 North Marshall in Scottsdale, Arizona.  480-990-9844, frankandlupes.com.  Prices are modest.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2007,4/3/2007,215,519,1,3,4>i came after hours for drinks at the bar here after a biz party in the area. located in the Hotel Clarendon, which has been around for a very long time but has def gotten in a cool baby face lift recently.the bar is uber chic but fun every once in a while for that scene. as an added note, the hotel is an important part of AZ history, as an Arizona Republic reporter was murdered in the parking lot, by car bomb, for his work covering the mob in phoenix (yes, phoenix in the 70s was run by a serious network of greedy officials with mob ties). he was the first American reporter to be killed on U.S. soil in retaliiation for his work. that is your AZ history lesson for the day. camus kicks ass, that is all.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2006,4/2/2007,282,395,,5,4>This scene is the hippest restaurant in Scottsdale. Young attractive, friendly wait staff, loud music, very loud music, not a place to talk business but after business talk. Ok, no business talk when you are scoping the scenes. Place to meet people is the bar. I usually avoid club like scenes because many years of loud music has damaged some hearing drums. And I'm usually just shaking my head when someone is talking to me. But, my friend wants to check it out.It is a Friday night and only one restaurant has a crowd out side the door. We go up to the three hostess and try our luck at getting a seat. My friend wants sushi and I really need to just chill and forget the days work so I cross my fingers in both hands and tell myself that all the good karmas I've collected throughout the years, I should be able to cash in some for this.Easy...get a table for two without a wait. Now thats collecting on good karma. Walking to our table I check out the plates on other peoples table and already know what to order as appertizers. Presentation of their food gets an A+.Our lovely waitress is hip in her old converse, knows her japanese food and traditional pour of sake. As my friend is having fun, I too am happy that we were able to get in, because I was getting sick of eating in ritzy, expensive places with suits around me. Sometimes it's the mood that makes a restaurant, not just the food. Though, the food is above average if not great.Our meals included two beers, two cold sake, four appetizers, four main course came to be under 90 bucks without tip.Would I go back? Heck yes, in fact my goal is try to find another hip sushi place in San Francisco or San Jose. Who would have known this kind of place exist in Scottsdale? It is smack in the middle of tourist area where they have shops with indian motives, blown glass, so many beautiful paintings. You get to walk the strip and meet some natives, no not indians, Arizonians and other out of towners and party while shopping for very expensive items. Case in point, I saw this Dancer In Red painting but it was 12 grand. Too rich for my blood but I can always do my own and will. Arizona is the new Florida for the rich or retired. I would move here if it wasn't for the pollen count is so high. But, many people fly in for the weekend to Scottsdale for a very different scene. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2006,4/1/2007,43,384,7,8,6>For a long time I dreamed of going to Lo-Lo's.  I'd heard about it from others like some sort of ancient mythology - it sounds amazing and fantastical but you know it can't really be true.  When it comes to Lo-Lo's - believe the hype.Finding Lo-Lo's: I've driven down Central SO many times and never known how close I really was.  Then one day I saw an arrow spray painted on the side of the building.  "Lo-Lo's this way!"  It took a few minutes to realize that that must be THE Lo-Lo's.  I started talking about it w/ friends and we decided we needed to go.  I confirmed the address and the 3 of us set off for flavor adventure.  Yes, you turn at the arrow (Which you only see when driving North on Central) and it's not much at all past that - but don't expect any huge signs, valet service - or even a parking lot.  You'll park right out on the street - and on a busy night that means you may need to walk a bit.Entering Lo-Lo's:  Stepping through the doors = Waiting area.  Taking 2 steps into Lo-Lo's = Standing in front of someone's table while they are eating.  You can tell this used to be someone's house - and it was a small house at that.  There are just a few "rooms" for seating - and the largest has 5 tables.  Our first time there we sat in the room that has just two tables - a 4 and a 2 top - but it's also where the cash register is, where folks pick up to go orders, where they refill the drinks/silverware, where they store extra items that were purchased in bulk and has the doorway to the kitchen and you have to walk through that room to get to the other rooms.  In some places you might think this was the worst table in the house.  At Lo-Lo's I would disagree with you.  We got to listen in on the best conversations and we had the best view of all the amazing food going to the different rooms.  The Food:  Sweet Tea served in a big Mason Jar.  SOLD!  It was awesome and the refills kept coming.  Soul Food without Sweet Tea is just wrong to me.  As for the rest of the Menu - it's not 30 pages long - in fact I'm pretty sure it's just one piece of paper written on both sides.  And yet it's still SO hard to choose.  The first time we went each of us got something slightly different.  Both my eating companions got some version of a meal that included both Chicken and Waffles.  I bucked the trend and got their Salmon Croquettes with Cheese Eggs, Grits and Waffles.  I could talk for days about how amazing their food is.  Best Eggs I'd ever had.  I am not a big egg person and I was craving these eggs again for a month.  The more I think about them the more I want to go.  The Salmon was amazing - I took one home and it was big enough I made myself a sandwich with it the next day.  The sides are all absolutely amazing.  The Greens have an amazing sweetness aftertaste that I am completely unable to describe.  The Chicken.  Oh, the Chicken.  Let's start w/ this.  I've always thought fried chicken was "ok".  I went with 2 folks who love fried chicken - and make their own family handed down recipes.  After their first bites it looked like they had found the holy grail.  It was the best fried chicken I'd ever eaten.  Guess what I've saved for last?  The waffles.  I always eat waffles or pancakes last for 2 reasons 1) They are SO sweet just like a desert and 2) I can only eat a few bites worth.  They are usually too sweet, too sticky, and very quickly mushy.  So, I spread around the butter (removing most of it of course) and drizzled it with some syrup.  It was the lightest, yummiest, buttery heavenly thing I'd ever had.  These were not just waffles.  These were Waffles.  I ate almost the whole thing.  As for Lo-Lo's desert menu - I've heard great things about their Red Velvet cake - but I've never quite been able to get that far into my meal and still order more.  Maybe next time.Service: We've always had great service.  Servers are usually young and have that "I'm working at my uncle's restaurant for the summer" quality - but they are fast, knowledgeable and quick on the refills. Atmosphere: If you are from certain parts of the valley - Lo-Lo's may be a bit of a culture shock.  Yes, it is quite possible if you are of the Caucasian persuasion - you may be the only one there during your entire meal.  I've heard some folks say they would be "afraid" to go because of that.  My thought?  Get the heck over it.  Should a black person be afraid to go to AZ 88 or Flemings because they might be the only black person there?  Heck no.  And wouldn't you think they were silly for even thinking it?  Exactly.Overall: Prices are good.  I honestly can't remember how much anything costs.  I blame the food.  But I do remember thinking "wow, is that all?" every time we go.  Location is downtown - just minutes from AWA.  Food is out of this freaking world.  Calorie content is... well...  it's not something I like to think about.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,3/31/2007,230,217,5,,4>random thoughts drafted on my PDA while at 6- why do girls that have low necklines complain that some guys stare too much and some guys don't look enough- why do people DRIVE... they should 'outsource' to someone sober- having a tech job seems silly to an Arizonian- Why do people complain about waiting in line because that's where some people do their best work- College undergrads here look like they're 27+ to me cuz of the sun damage.  - 6 should make undergrads wear orange bracelets- Is anyone here NOT from the midwest??  I almost want to say "San Fran", even though I'm from Chicago, just to be different - Why do they refer to the bay area as SanFran or worse 'cisco- Why does AZ have a Chino Bandito and not 'cisco- Why do baseball players show me the numbers of the 30 girls that gave them numbers??  p.s. When I get a number its one number.  When a baseball player gets a number it home phone, work phone, cell phone, mom's phone, email address EVERYTHING.  Their scraps of paper look like essays!- If I say I went to Blah University its bad.  When I say I am a couple credits short of a B.S. the red carpet gets rolled out-Why are there so many cubbie fans here...  DId you know your precious Ivy wall is covered in ads now??  Cheering for a baby mammal Bear "Go Cubbies..." makes me wonder if US warplanes were nick named tadpoles, puppies or guppies would have a chance of defending the USS Arizona (oh wait, the USS Arizona sank! So maybe we should learn our lesson and......Cheer for a Padre.  Padres were a secret society of CIA that smoked out spies... cheer for a Diamondback.  Diamondbacks were used to torture German POWs kept in Papago Park... cheer for a Dodger.  Brooklyn Dodgers were air force that supported England unofficially before US official entry into WWII (did that war happen because Jap textbooks don't mention it)I have to get off my pda now.  a nerd clicking away is just too attention getting
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2007,3/30/2007,223,709,10,9,8>I have a dirty secret.I used to work at this Hooters.  Granted, it was about 11 years ago or so, but still, it's not the classiest place to waitress at.  I also lied about my age and they never bothered to check.  I was 18, but said I was 19 so I could serve alcohol.  What a little hooligan I was.I used to think only men went to Hooters. I figured I would be serving pervy, creepy men all night long, but this just wasn't the case.  The weirdest thing to me about this restaurant is that both men and women go, and some even bring their children.If men, women and children all go to Hooters, this obviously means they're not going to ogle the women in orange shorts.  They must be going (gasp) for the food.  Is this right? Do people really like the food at Hooters?? It's hard for me to believe, but I've seen these customers myself and I'm still baffled.  I ask again, do people truly go to Hooters for the food?
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2009,7/21/2009,118,164,13,16,14>I have teenage daughters.  When you have kids, especially if you work, you become very familiar with the term, "on the fly."  I hate "on the fly."  It is this concept, above all others, that keeps fast-food restaurants in business.So I was very happy to discover Super Suppers.  The concept is simple:  they do the prep, you do the cooking.  This is not "heat and eat" in the frozen food section definition of the term.  This is what I said earlier, they do the prep.  Which means I don't need that extra time.  I just need the time to heat and the time to eat.I ordered an entree and a side, online.  After conferring with Jim W., we settled on Pecan-Mozzarella chicken with basil pesto as well as rosemary potatoes.  The food was very good.  Solid 4 stars.  I tossed it in the freezer after I bought it and thawed it before I cooked it.  The directions were clear and easy.  My counters remained neat and tidy.  And it really was delicious.The fifth star was for Deb, the owner.  She welcomed me in, gave me a tour, explained how they worked and gave me chocolate truffles.  Yes, you read that right.  She gave me a box of chocolate truffles.  Just for trying her out.  She also asked me to e-mail her and let her know what we thought of the food.I'll definitely be filling my freezer from Super Suppers.  Take that, "on the fly."
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2009,7/20/2009,732,344,10,19,10>oh. my. word.this place rocks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!my sister and i went today and were there for about 3 hours. we did not stop saying "LOOK AT THIS!!!!!!" "OMG IT'S SO CHEAP!" literally. so cheap.they had brand new stainless steel appliances, chandeliers, supplies, cabinets, flooring, ceiling fans, paint, furniture, DOORS, WINDOWS, i could go on! and its not gross stuff like you sometimes find at good will. it's AMAZING stuff. and the place is HUGE they were having a light fixture sale(70% off) so my sister was able to get two amazing chandeliers (originally both together would have been close to $400) for a smokin hot $139!!!!!!!!! can you even handle that? I cant. this is the place to go.we also hit up the location in mesa- they have more bathtubs, sinks, electronics, toilets, etc. we felt the location down town was a bit better than the one in Mesa but it all depends on what you're looking for. i can't get over the prices.1 thing- prepare yourself- it gets sticky. they don't have an AC- only a swamp cooler thingy. but you forget about how uncomfortable it is once you start flipping out about all of the amazing things you find. i don't know why I haven't heard of this place sooner! thanks for sending it Jessica!!!!!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,7/19/2009,100,75,6,8,8>There's not much more I can say about Taliesin West that hasn't already been said before.  I'm a person who doesn't know the difference between an architect and draftsman and didn't know anything about FLW until I visited.  But even I was fascinated with story and details in the guided tour.  I went on the Panorama tour that lasted a little over an hour and visited the music room, the front lawn, movie room, reception area, and meeting room.  So, what makes this a 5 star review???  THE WHOLE TOUR WAS FREE!!  With the new culture pass for the library, you can check this gem out gratis!!  And seeing that several reviewers mentioned the high cost of the tour ($27), it seems as if there is no better time to check it out!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,7/18/2009,215,519,8,7,7>i was really impressed with this impossible-to-park-at cafe. i think i committed three moving violations in two minutes trying to find a place to park and being trapped on the southbound side of central (stupid awesome light rail!). on an aside, anyone else not able to say or think "moving violations" without thinking of that 80s movie with bill murray's much less talented brother? and that song!anyway, i kind of expected my florist buzz surrounding my florist quality service and options. not at all! all servers were incredibly friendly and helpful - a feat given my dad's refusal to read a menu. it must be told to him, by a beaming, pretty waitress, please.patio is quite noisy and cramped - btw can't they do something about people locking their bikes to the fence since their handlebars stick into your sitting space and take up even more precious space?? they're prob the servers' bikes ... so work it out!we happened to go today, on St. Patrick's Day, and they had a special menu of Irish-inspired entrees. dad picked corned beef, mashed potatoes and gravy. i have never, ever tasted corned beef that was good. ever - it's typically stringy and tough. this was delicious, and they won my hard to please dad like whoa.i chose the cali spinach and added chicken; and that cheese, dressing and almond combo is divine.and yes, bonnie, not only did my dad enjoy this hipster joint, but that garlic bread is pretty good, too.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,7/17/2009,109,39,17,12,12>I had no idea this place was here until I read about it on Yelp. I think it's usually dark when I'm down there and I'm focused on getting into Los.I knew I was getting a Dirty Chai Latte. Pulled up to one window...should I stay? Go? pull forward? The pressure! Pulled forward and was greeted by a rather homely looking young guy..ha!Right? Homely! His shirt said "wanted" and he wasn't kidding. How could he know what was in my head?  Seriously beautiful. I even called my husband to tell him how beautiful this boy was. He's young. I don't know that he's a boy..I'm just sayin'. I almost didn't want to order my Dirty Chai Latte because I had to say "dirty" and I was afraid it would purrrrrr out of me like a cougar.I managed to order without purring. It was delicious and I was on my way. Life is good.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,7/16/2009,1070,742,9,14,13>Happy hour was hopping today, unlike last week.  Bartender Ryan wasn't there, but no worries, as Stefan was just as able and gracious.  I selected the cab to go with the RF "Big Ass Burger," even though I wanted to try the zin.  Did I choose wrong?  I'll try the zin next time.Since I enjoyed the chile-pistachio bread last week, I asked if I could have the commercially-made burger bun swapped out with the new-recipe chile-pecan bread.  No problem.  Ordered it medium, no pickles.  By the time I had thought to take photos of the burger (I was starving so I dug right in!), the scene was a mess!  From the very first slice, the longhorn cheddar-topped patty crumbled into many pieces- I kept wishing I had a spoon to scoop them up!  No matter, as it was still a wonderful meal- loved the smoked bacon, and the chipotle mayo worked well both as a burger condiment and as a dip for the wonderfully crisp and seasoned fries (see photos).If only there are more happy hour meal selections (only two, excluding the salads) for me to enjoy.  Guess I'll be forced to try the Huckleberry bread pudding with creme anglaise and vanilla bean ice cream next time... woe is me ;)
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,7/15/2009,280,572,34,29,22>Wow.  Everyone is right-this place really is a dive.  Stained seats, trash on the floor, and is that bird poop on the screen?  Maybe I should have washed my car first.  Seriously, maybe Scottsdale 6 is a dive, but what would make for a "nice" drive-in?  Aren't they all the same?Then there's the complaints about the sound system.  Are you kidding me?  Compared to the days of hanging a speaker off your window, listening to the movie through your FM radio is like the most advanced sound system in the universe.  I hadn't been to the drive in since the late 70's, as a child of course, and not a lot has changed...except the price.  $6.25 for a double feature, and new movies to boot!  I didn't visit the snack bar as we brought our own freshly popped corn with a touch of sea salt and a little butter..mmm.  I also didn't visit the bathrooms because I still have some degree of bladder control.    My complaints...total train wreck getting in.  Double-sided ticket booths with only one attendant working both sides.  Cash only when it's quicker to swipe a card than make change.  Since the first showing for all movies is 7:45, it might be better to have the lanes correspond to the movie you're seeing with overhead signs identifying the radio station and the screen number.  As it is, the attendants have to go through all that with you as well as directions to your screen.I would also suggest if you want to check the movies online you don't use the website listed here, it only gives you the times of each movie--not which movies are paired on the same screen.  Instead, use movietickets.com/house_d…I like that I can zone in and out of the movie and ask my husband to explain it to me without disturbing anyone, even if he doesn't.  I like that I can recline my seat, and not have my knees buckle under when I get up after 2 hours of sitting in the same position.  I like that I don't need a payday loan to buy a Coke.  And I like that I could go to the movies with a cough!  This little conversation was a bonus:Me:  Are you watching HANNAH MONTANA? (on another screen)Him:  No.Me:  You're looking over there.Him:  I was just looking around.Me:  I can't wait to post this in my Yelp review.Him:  You better not, I was just looking around.Me:  Okay, I won't.I can't wait to go again!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,7/14/2009,835,246,12,14,14>Ive been here about 3 times since my last review (I'm fat) and they are very consistent. I had the $5 dollar meal of the day which was TuesdaysBurger (grill flavor and I actually got it cooked the way I asked ) Sweet potato fries (sub a dollar and well worth it) Scoop of blood orange gelato (delish) Yes all for 5 dollars well 6 because I got sweet potato fries instead of regular fries. Yesterday I got one of those magical turkey bacon avocado sammies and when I tried to pay I got declined. WTF I thought, it turned out some other company took money out unauthorized.. that's another story though. The clerk said I could pay him tomorrow and didn't make a thing about it, what??? who does that? Awesome Customer service, I of course paid today and got a taste of what my burgers should taste like :) If you came here and didn't like it, try it again it must have been an off day. I come here almost everyday and send all my coworkers here and no one has had a complaint. The website has a list of what 5dollar meal is on which day. Tomorrow its soup sandwich and cookie day yay!!!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2009,7/13/2009,278,165,8,14,12>Ahh the familiar smell of Asian supermarkets....there's just something I love about it. Lee Lee's is HUGE and they have aisles and aisles of fun stuff for us Westerners to gawk at.  I've never seen frozen grubs, spikey Durian fruit, or such a large selection of fresh fish until hitting Lee Lee's today.I love how the organize the aisles according to country, making it easy to navigate the store and figure out what you're looking at. They even have sections that included Hawaiian and middle-eastern specialities in addition to Indian/Pakastani foods. I have to agree with Tom T that Lee Lee's is slightly more pricey that some of the other Asian grocers out there, but if it's close by and you want lots of variety then it makes up for it. If you live far I would recommend the grocery store at the Chinese Cultural Center instead.Side note, this place is great for buying gluten-free flours like tapioca and rice flour, etc...I got a bag of tapioca flour for .69...it would be triple that at most health food stores. The plaza right around it also has all sorts of asian businesses and TWO vietnamese restaurants that I will have to check out in the future.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,7/12/2009,37,40,12,7,8>Noca, Noca, Noca...I've been wanting to try you for a while..but with child in tow..I was sceptical about trying you out....do I heart you to death right now? yes! K...so, let's rock the nitty gritty...I ate there a few hours ago and HAD to share... When I walked in, they totally didn't even bat an eye that my daughter(8) was with me...patrons however gave me "the look"...little did they know she was totally in the kitchen later with the chef makin their little cloud of heaven... Ok..so the most phenom wait / bus staff ever! EVER!!!! I applaud you!! If I could have raised a glass to all of you and thought the some what persnickety crowd would follow I would have. But , you know the "Arcadia crowd"... God forbid..they acknowledge where they came from and may be again ...anyway..hat's off to the training and ridiculous management skills you have developed! Like I always tell anyone I have ever dated...it's the small things that count ( d--- exclude) and attention to detail ...NOCA covers it all.... the teeny mad hatter tea cups with soup and the perfect olive oil dipping trays.. I don't heart much these days....serious..check this sh-- out..fo real! If I could put up with the dbag letch next to me for this....you know ..;or please know,..NOCA deserves a visit. The kitchen was a tad slow, but they were slammed all at once..and it's actually nice to have a slow meal, and give each coarse the attention it deserves...they made up for the wait, by bringing Little Tea Cup's of Pea Soup, and Corn Soup, which I snagged from my daughter...then a bowl of tomato gazpacho..(which I couldn't eat, as I am allergic to tomatoes), the waitress did not bat an eye..she whisked it away...and replaced it with an asparagus toasted pine nut salad..yummy! (All of this was complimentary).. I had an Ultimate Vodka Martini..fabu! Nice, Cozy  little 6 seat bar..if the dining room looks crowded, look a little further back to your left and see if you can squeeze in there..good seats and a bird eye view of the crowd.k...so..the lobster ( pronounced) LOBSTAAAAA roll only on Wed. ..I was all trying to be healthy and not eat as a sandwich, at 1st...and it was ok...then I picked it up and had the whole enchilada ....f--- me all the way to heaven and back...you have no idea...I thought about not telling you for like 2 point 4 seconds flat..then decided if you want to have the big "O"..get off your ass and go....just stuff the big ass delight in your face..boss, date, Mom, lookin at you...doesn't matter ..you will thank me later. I have had to cut a lot of food out of my life lately...but NOCA was like ...whatever..bring it on bitch...Thank you for rockin my pallet tonight! The chef...so inventive on every level....the food speaks volumes... but what rocked me was the manager asking my daughter to meet the chef and go in the kitchen to help make the little puffs of heaven .... wait for it....wait for it....home made right then and there-COTTON CANDY! My all time favorite childhood treat. I renamed them Rockin Heaven Puff's last night. They bring them out after your meal....and they'll bring you 2..not that I would know... or anyone else they were gone so fast..I think I licked the bowl...oh geez, do over.NOCA....you are the date I dream about! If yelp had an "O" rating ...you would have it tonight!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,11/20/2012,57,155,16,10,7>Caminero is like my mistress. I wake up thinking about you. You make me happy and never judge me. You don't get mad when I cheat on you and when I come back into your arms feeling guilty you give me a big hug. I can even bring my wife around you, although I here she is now making solo visits and not letting me watch.My latest hug was the Chorizo Breakfast burrito. Its the best I've had. Perfect blend of cheese, chorizo and eggs. The hug before that was the chicken taquitos, which might I say are hand rolled and very meaty, not from a box like that ugly whore "Berto" down the street.See you soon my love.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,11/19/2012,111,146,3,6,6>Blue Hound blew my mind!I know it has been said 100 times, but this really IS what downtown needs. No more chains or mediocre hotel restaurants - but a classy, unique downtown destination with an honest to goodness "mixologist" running the bar.  They offer a decent sized happy hour menu featuring about 6 of their cocktails at 6 bucks a pop, $3 beers, and $6 flatbreads,. I had a smashing good time with my Summer Smashes and enjoyed tastes of all the well crafted cocktails my friends ordered.  We were even given an ice bucket for a can of beer (classy! Like I said!). The flatbread was so flavorful and rich, even though it was a bit on the small size.  Our waiter, Zack, handled our large party very well and didn't bat an eye when we asked for separate checks. Nicely split sections with a lounge, bar, and restaurant Blue Hound can host a variety of different moods and a cocktail for every occasion!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,11/18/2012,12,85,7,8,4>Still get 5 stars. Went back again yesterday for some of that Poutine. Glllrrrbbbl. Had a hard time coming up for air once I started eating. Susan had 6 perogies and enjoyed. We love this place. They are planning to move in January or February to a new location in Mesa. Fortunately, they will be even closer to us :)We really need to take some of our kids there so they can sample some of this Scandinavian/Canadian cuisine. Not cheap, but you get what you pay for. You can't find this stuff on Denny's menu (or any other local restaurant?).Beaver Balls are next on my list to try.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,11/17/2012,197,332,6,9,8>I enjoyed my visit to Vintage 95 on a Thursday night..this place is lovely and feels more like a date night with your honey.  In my opinion the restaurant is a classy and cozy addition to DT chandler. My husbster ordered burger and I ordered the grouper. We loved our entrees and I sampled the fries and they were excellent. I had a jammy, balanced red wine and Mr h had the epicenter beer. We normally don't order dessert but we decided to share a dessert...a fancy apple pie with vanilla gelato.  I don't plan on going here too often because the food is too delicious and will make me fat..I might return just for a drink and share a appetizer.  It's a litte on the pricier side but worth it if your treating yourself out.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,11/16/2012,446,745,6,7,5>it's like eating in your best friend's living room. so warm and inviting, the tuck shop lures you in with a very friendly atmosphere and delicious looking food. we showed up with another couple (they dont take reservations) and was told it was going to be an hour wait. we were already invested and really wanted to try out the menu, so we hunkered down at the bar and selected a couple of wines and beers and chatted it up with the bartender and other staff. bartender/staff were super friendly and full of helpful tips about pairings or which dishes were the best. 30 min later our table was ready (under promise and over deliver!) and we were well on our way to a fantastic meal.all plates are shareable so trying a little bit of everything is recommended.  started with the cheese curds (deep fried. NOM) and the wild mushroom salad. freaking fantastic, fresh, and clean. then the lamb meatballs came out. wow... just.. now i'm thinking i have to go back and eat them as i write this review. they were incredible flavorful and not gamey at all. just perfect balls of meat served on top of "spaghetti" (spaghetti squash) with a marinara sauce i wanted to steal the recipe for. just an incredible experience that you should share with friends/family/a hot date (because you'll totally get laid)!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,11/15/2012,447,457,5,14,9>A HUGE fan! But... why is everyone just talking about breakfast!? If you reserve Astor House for breakfast you are missing the BEST part! The cocktails. I'm not even kidding! All drinks are on special 3-7 every day: Progressive wine prices ($3 @3,$4@4... you get the drift?) Dollar off everything else. I feel like I'm getting away with something at $5/6 prices for genius concoctions! Like, Summer's drink: whiskey, lemon, apple juice, elderflower and prosecco. A bourbon girl, I was afraid the drink was going to be juicy... not at all! More heavy on the prosecco, if anything.While picking my new hero, Blaise's, brain on elderflower, he mentioned the Texan Elderflower (a vodka cocktail) is especially nice with fresh raspberries. Generous with his recipe sharing and encouraging me to try at home, "I'll let YOU make that one for me..." I responded.What do you know!? On my next visit, Blaise had raspberries. And, I had the recommended drink. Two of them, actually! They were that refreshing and delicious.So, yes, Astor house is good for breakfast. The leek flavor in the frittata ($6) is wonderful and despite the small portion (very thin and about the diameter of a small salad plate), a satisfying breakfast.  Ms. Lynne's dip ($4) offers a tangy snack great for garlic lovers. And, the warm focaccia ($6) can go toe to toe with some of the Valley's best grilled cheese sandwiches... The point being? Astor House is a great spot ANY time of day!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,11/14/2012,1078,310,7,12,9>Does it look like a raunchy pink strip club from the outside? Mmm ya, maybe a little, but once inside, you'll find it's actually a nice place for a good steak dinner. There is the sit-down restaurant side, which provides great service and can make for a great date spot, and the bar side, which has good deals, and more of a casual vibe.  Personally, I would have to say this is better as a dinner spot than a happy-hour spot. This is after all, a steak house, so go ahead and give in to your carnivorous desires! Tip- medium rare is the way to go!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,11/13/2012,378,308,6,11,8>Finally, the temp has started to cool down, so we decided to take the kids to the zoo.  It wasn't our first time here, but our first time in years.  Its not a huge zoo, but big enough for us.  Taking the family to the zoo is not cheap.  Even with buy one get one free coupons.  It still came out to $46.  I did purchase a drink inside, the biggest one was $4, which isn't too bad.   You do have to pay for ice if you want an extra cup of it though.  I do appreciate that the kids are actually able to see the animals since the enclosures aren't too big, but I do worry that they are cramped.  You see certain animals that are known for their running speed, but can't run anywhere in the enclosure that they are in all day.  Do they get to run freely after hours every once in a while?The kids really enjoyed feeding the giraffes.  It will cost you about 50 cents to buy food.   The giraffes are my favorite part too.  Do they have elephants and gorillas, or did we just miss them?This was our first time seeing the aquarium.  It's a pretty nice aquarium.  We had a chance to see a lot of interesting fish.  The kids spent most of their times with the stingrays.  You are allowed to touch them, but only with two fingers.  It was a nice end to our day.  I'll be back...with a coupon, of course.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,11/12/2012,206,377,5,7,5>Super addition to the Ahwatukee scene!I've been here a few times now, and every dish I've tried has been very good. I've tried their sandwiches, their pizza, and their pasta dishes. Oh, and the spinach and artichoke dip is divine--you must try it. They have good drink specials and all kinds of stuff going on every day of the week.The service is very friendly--every server I've had has been great. One of the times they had a new person running food to the tables. After he was at our table, the manager came by literally 30 seconds later to ensure that he was polite and mentioned the things they wanted him to mention. I was floored.This place can get quite loud at times over the weekend, especially if you are seated in the side of the restaurant where the bar is. It might have just been the night I was there, as there were three different donkey beasts braying 100 decibel laughter at regular intervals one Sunday I was there. If you are looking for a quieter dinner, ask to be seated on the other side.I feel a bit bad for Bell'Italia across the road... they've already cut their hours, and I don't think Spinato's is going to make it any easier for the other Italian places in Ahwatukee...
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/11/2012,302,469,4,7,4>Very cool spot. I mean who doesn't like sitting by the pool, listening to great music, sipping on some drinks with some fabulous friends? Plus the people watching alone was worth it. Oh and don't let me forget about the $10 unlimited mimosa special they have on Saturdays from either 10-2 or 11-2. Either way it is worth. However, if you want the best damn pina colada ever, get one from here. They coat the rim of the glass with honey and roasted coconut and they are strong! Wow! Momma likes!!! This will be a definite go to spot throughout the summer.A few tips -First the bathrooms are really dark so ladies be careful if going in alone.Second - get there early or you will be SOL. It cost a nice penny to sit on the chairs that have an umbrella. ( I believe someone told me it was $300 for the Cabana and like $150 for the chairs with the umbrella. Are you kidding me?)Third- Do not bring your drink in the pool unless you are sitting poolside. They frown upon that as they don't want pina colada and beer floating in the water ( I can see that)Otherwise its a good spot!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,5/25/2014,244,368,8,11,8>What?!  Nom, nom, nom. You talking to me?  What's that?  I came in here for a quick bite to eat during HH- no drinks and a chicken chopped salad w no dressing to keep it healthy?  What?  I'm still eating healthy- Tito's (vodka & tonic) has the lowest calories and carb if you're going to have a drink. No, really. What? This short rib bruschetta right in front of me full of delicate port reduction on top of a bed of mushroom purée?  Well, I'm getting my protein in. And the fried risotto rice ball that's rich and creamy with just the right hint of mozzarella in the center?  The waitress told the they were one calorie each. What?  I'm not hoarding my chunks of blue cheese and dipping them in my hard to resist blue cheese dressing. Hey, keep your fingers away from them!That's how it goes sometimes, I go in to eat a simple meal and the menu looks so delectable that I have to just "order a few more" just for tasting. Good thing I had a few of my Elite Yelper friends with me to *sigh* share in the burden of tasting as we were in there celebrating Irene V.'s ROTD. And good thing as we ordered our way through the HH menu, the portions are the same as during regular hours but at about half the price cause I think by the time we were done, we might have ordered one of each item!Be warned!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/24/2014,421,233,5,12,12>This is a fantastic bookstore! They've got old and used books along with the typical bestsellers you'd find at a larger chain. I could stand in awe at their shelves for hours. Every time I go, it's tough for me to walk away without buying some new tome. They'll even buy your books for store credit. Just drop off your used editions at the trade-in counter, go sip on coffee next door at Wildflower, and come back to redeem the value towards anything in the store. I really like how they give back to the community through donations and support. The staff is always really friendly too. Feel good about shopping at Changing Hands, I know I do.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,5/23/2014,330,151,6,13,9>I always liked spinning, but RhythmCycle has turned that 'like' in to an undeniable 'love'. My first visit was with a friend who cycled in college, for me, I'd only done classes at my local gym a few times and didn't know what to expect. Ultimately I thought, I love working out and I love music, so it can't be that bad, right? Wrong. RhythmCycle kicks your ass--in the best way. It gets you in gear and the music keeps you pumped up the entire time. At RhythmCycle you clip in to the bikes and depending on the instructor, they use blacklights with the lights turned off to make it even cooler. What's best is that the owner, the instructors, and every person who comes to RhythmCycle are incredibly nice. When I came back last night for my second ride, I had seen that the 3 classes expired in 30 days, but I hadn't known. The owner regifted them and let me start over and when I went to buy a water but only had my debit she said I could pay her back next time. That kind of trust and kindness is awesome in a small business owner! I have done classes with both Adam and, as of last night, Mel. Mel is a new instructor and she Rocks. Seriously, you'll walk out feeling like a boss because she pushes you to the limit. She uses high energy and does a lot of climbing, which I love. I'm not much of a sprinter so this is definitely my style. She takes the time to come around and watch each spinner and get to know everyones names. Adam is laidback, fun, and will crack jokes throughout the class. No matter who you get--you'll love the experience! If you're a first timer you only pay $5 and drop ins are $20, if you get 3 classes however it's only $25. Trust me, once you go once, you'll want to keep coming back for more! They have classes at different times throughout the morning and afternoons/evenings to fit with most peoples schedules. You can sign up on their website and 'reserve a bike'. If you want to push yourself with bumpin' hits, this is the way to go, I assure you that you won't be disappointed!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/22/2014,455,177,9,17,15>I am in freaking love with this place. Why didn't I ever come here before the name change? Yep that's right folks. That burger everyone loves so much was on the menu before the attic was the attic. Anywho... I came on a Wednesday and sat out on the patio in the beautiful weather Phoenix has a tendency to offer its residence this time of year. I peered over the selection of craft beers for something that shouted at me. Yes. A fine selection of funkwerks brews. I chose the deceit and the saison. And both would receive high markings from me on BA and untappd. I also ordered the Ivan burger and fries as part of the running Wednesday special. The fries were fresh and crispy and well seasoned. I love burgers. Love them almost as much as I love my first born. Especially gourmet, prepared medium, and housed by a pretzel bun. You need a good dense piece of bread to support the weight of such a delectable hunk of beef and apparently the attic knows what's up. This burger really is all the rave. Everyone should try it at least once. Peer pressure! I will most certainly be back. Most certainly for the beer and burger on Wednesday. Also don't forget that you're brews are $1.50 off for HH before 6 every weekday. If I wasn't saving myself for AYCE pad Thai I would be on my way there now!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,5/21/2014,185,219,23,22,14>Have you ever experienced that moment where you realize you're not half as cool as you think you are? Yeah... well Crescent Ballroom did that for me. The first and only time I've come here, was to play Bingo. That statement alone should be enough evidence to myself and anyone else who will listen that my days of coolness have passed. If they ever existed at all.This place is pretty sweet. I had dinner before Bingo because grandpa (me) knew it might be a late night and I didn't want to eat after I left here. Doing something like that would lead to a night of indigestion and no sleep. Psssh... who needs that in their life. Am I right? I tried the carne asada quesadilla and it was unexpectedly good. I would eat here again without a doubt. The Bingo was played in the concert area. I'm not gonna lie... it was fun. The event was put on by Jackalope Ranch and emceed by the National Comedy Theater of Phoenix. They did a great job. Funny people. Especially this guy Marcus. Hilarious.They were all about audience participation. Like it or not. I was actually glad I never won a hand of Bingo because then you had to go up on stage and try to match wits with a trained comedian. I don't need that in my life. I'm the kind of person who thinks of a comeback 3 days later. It was a lot of fun though. Crescent Ballroom seems like it would be an amazing live music venue. I checked the calendar and there was not one band that I knew. Oh, wait... except the Toadies. You know the "hipster" line, you wouldn't know who they are... Well they're right. I don't. Bottom line is that this place is cool. A solid 4. Hopefully one day a band I know will play here and I can bump it to a 5. Until then I'll live in happy acceptance that my days of coolness are behind me.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,5/20/2014,353,125,22,24,20>Okay, so I'm realllyyyyy freaking picky when it comes to my wings. I don't do Hooters wings. I don't do Buffalo Wild Wings. I don't do Pizza Hut wings. I think I've only had one dozen wings that I went kind of nuts over... and that was yesterday at Long Wong's.Luckily, one of my girlfriends knew how ridiculous I am when it comes to wings but insisted we check this place out. Ghetto area. The girl at the counter wore black lipliner. The customers looked like they just got out of prison...HOWEVER! The wings were out of this world. Saucy, full of flavor, and cheap. Extra veggies, extra ranch... no charge. We ate so many wings + chili cheese fries, and I felt like a heffer when we were done. SUCCESS!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,5/19/2014,443,251,15,24,16>Oh no! I'm the worst kind of guest. I came, I ate, I drank and I failed to send a thank you card.  I joined a group of fellow Yelpers for a Wednesday Happy Hour. (Jeff E. is awesome at planning Yelp unofficial events.) We rolled our way out fatter and happier.THE RUNDOWN+ Has TV? Yes. That's a definite yes! You really can't find a bad seat facing the mega-televisions that border the top of the bar.+ Huge front patio (perfect for people watching!)+ The food is over the top generous in size, flavor and character. + Build A Burger is bananas + Wide selection of beers on draft+ Great for groupsSPECIALS+ Happy Hour (M-F, 3-7): $4 Local Pints $3 Domestics $4 Prem Wells $5 House Wine & some $5 appetizers+ Mon: $10 Build Mac-n-Cheese (unlimited toppings!)+ Tue: $20 House wine & hummus platter+ Wed: $10 Build A Burger (unlimited toppings!)THIS BURGER BUSINESSI like a good challenge. When I heard I could pile on unlimited toppings the game was on. I triple confirmed the pricing on Wednesday is a flat $10 NO MATTER WHAT. Like a speed demon I selected a bun (pretzel!), a protein (angus beef) and a cheese (gruyere). My pencil hovered over veges. (Yes to jalapeños and caramelized onions. No one to kiss that night. Boo! Hiss!) I heard someone at my table order avocados on the side. "Ooo! Good idea. Check." While in that section I thought, "Hmmm...what about an egg? You've never had an egg on your burger. WHY NOT?" [Shrug]People. I hadn't been to the gym in three months. What's little bit of caloric love?At Step Six I tossed in lettuce, tomato and mayo. I circled back and opted for some regular onions. (Again, no prince that night. I like a bit of crunch to my burger.) I topped off my rare burger with a tangy chipotle sauce and a side of sweet potato tots. (Interestingly enough you can top your burger with Steakhouse Herb Butter. How curious!)God bless our server that night. I have to poll my friends to see if anyone can remember who helped us. She was the Shizzle. Patient, on top of our beer orders like a ninja and sweet as pie. We must have asked one thousand questions.FIRE FIRE FIREWhile eagerly awaiting my mountain of food Jeff ordered "The Hell Fire Chips". I scoffed when I heard they were hot. Potato chips, buffalo sauce and blue cheese.  My tongue thanks beer for its many healing powers. Speaking of beer, Cold Beers & Cheeseburgers was serving a Black Butte Porter at the time. I really hope they still have it on tap!Back to the flame. Ursula had ordered something called TOT CHOS. Think of nachos, layered with chili, sour cream, guac and roasted pepper cheese sauce. Got that? Except the base is on tater tots! Also FIRE. A half order can easily be shared.When The Burger finally rolled out my eyes opened like saucers. Cutting it with a knife clearly wasn't going to help! It wasn't pretty eating, but, oh boy was it yummy!There were left overs. Good place. Fun!Oh! Oh! Oh!I just heard. The restaurant is still offering the same Yelp check-in offer. $5 off your order! GET IT!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/18/2014,105,397,3,10,12>Since moving to Scottsdale, I was hoping and wishing that Hula's would open another location. Finally, my wish came true! Luckily, it lived up to my high expectations as well. Like the other location, parking is small and practically non-existent. Keep this in mind when visiting. It is best to park at one of the many other parking structures in downtown Scottsdale and then walking to Hula's. It will save you a parking headache. The actual restaurant is pretty open with a small wrap-around patio. Inside has a bar and plenty of tables for small to large groups. As you walk in, the hostess greets you and asks for inside or out. We chose inside and were seated immediately. Our waitress was young and friendly. They all wore uniforms, which (if I remember correctly) the Phoenix location staff doesn't. We were in time for happy hour, so my husband and I each ordered a Dr. Funk - coconut rum, crème de banana, pineapple and orange juice. Additionally, we ordered the crispy coconut shrimp rolls - only $5 at happy hour. For dinner, I ordered the steak tacos and my husband ordered the big kahuna (a large ribeye steak). Our drinks arrived promptly and our shrimp rolls arrived shortly after. The drink was perfection and the rolls were delicious. Once we finished our appetizer and first round of drinks, our dinner arrived. Both of us ordered our steak medium rare and they came out cooked perfectly. The tacos were especially flavorful and I love the rice with beans side dish. My husband enjoyed his steak as well saying it was tender and flavorful.Overall, we had a great time. This location is just as good as the Phoenix location and we'll be back for sure!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,5/17/2014,331,202,7,11,8>Picture this... it's the evening after a long day in the sun, lots of walking, lots of sight-seeing, lots of day-drinking and oh so many Scottsdale sun dresses.  Now it's almost midnight.  You're hungry, but you're also not in any shape to drive.  Well, if you're fortunate enough to live within walking distance of this joint, you're in for a treat.Right when you get past the parking lot, you feel like you're in line at Disneyland or Universal Studios.  There is running water, fake caverns and bridges taking you everywhere.  Plenty of tvs too but I was focused on one thing, lots of icewater and now it's time to talk about their green salsa (that happens to come for free along with chips and a yelp check in - BOOM).In my 36 years, I have been partial to red salsa ever since I can remember.  That's only because I hadn't yet tried this one.  It's like the perfect blend of tomatillo, jalapeno and green chiles... best I've ever had.  The waiter even brought out a 2nd tub due to our inhaling it in mere moments.  So good - I can't even explain.  If you ONLY come here for the green salsa and the New Mexican potstickers you are winning at life.I realize that maybe some of my taste buds were off due to that much day drinking, but I am convinced that whenever anything is the "best I've ever had" it's my duty to shout from a rooftop so my fellow friends and yelpers alike can also enjoy.  I don't remember which entree I ordered, and it was too difficult to determine what it was when I finished it off yesterday - but it was also tasty.  I will be back, and will be dreaming of that green salsa until that happens.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,5/16/2014,1061,85,5,14,9>I haven't been to rawhide in many years. Even at it's newer location it is still is a great play to take out of town visitors. Where the pavement ends and the west begins. The town and people look like they are from an old west movie. Rawhide is like stepping back in time. It allows you to forget all your troubles during your visit.  ******************* What does my OVERALL rating mean? ********************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,4/15/2012,19,22,8,23,13>I.love.this.place. Just really love it love it love it.I decided to come here because really, I felt like crap and needed a change. I was angry, stressed, and tense all the time, and I was tired from it. I'm not big on exercise at all, so the first couple of weeks were awkward because some of the exercises seemed silly and I just wasn't familiar with the routine of....moving my body? I would have normally quit from feeling so inadequate, but the people that work there were so incredibly friendly and helpful that I never felt embarrassed or bad for being so new to everything. I love coming here now -- this is the place where I can go to just let go of everything and stop to breathe! It is an incredibly freeing experience, especially if you are like me, where I always get tense and unconsciously hold my breath when I'm stressed (keep an eye out for that and you will see that you do the same too!)I've learn a lot about myself physically, mentally, and spiritually from Dahn Yoga - I feel so incredibly grateful to this place and the people that work there; they take such personal care for everyone's well being and happiness, what other place does that?Seriously, this is an awesome place! If you check it out just make sure to say hi to me, k? We can laugh and breathe together! :)
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,4/14/2012,115,314,3,19,6>I've had my eye on this place ever since I saw the sign put up ages ago. I've been hunting, searching.... trying to find any piece of information I could. And then about a month ago an opening date was given. It was also then I discovered that it was being opened by the owners of Not Too Shabby on Cave Creek Rd. I was a bit worried at first that it was going to be a beautiful store, but nothing that fit my mid-century modern feel. That still didn't keep me from being breathtaken today when I swung in to see if I could find a lil something for myself.. and walked out with a few items.The vibe is like a yard sale and really makes you feel at home. The employees have some pretty swanky aprons I want to steal for my kitchen and are super helpful. Even when you don't think to open a book to check for the price. And even when they said they'd been eyeing one of the items you purchased, wanting to get it in a week or so.There are tons of items from the 30s-60s mainly, from farmer to modern. There's some new items too, with that old feel, such as jewelry. But mainly, this is stuff I've had a hard time finding on 7th Ave, and at a better price. You can tell a lot of attention was made to purchases and decor and that everyone there cares.I didn't expect to purchase Mr. Boston's De Luxe Official Bartender's Guide.. or the steel mik crate and bottles... but I'm sure I'll find a place for them. They are lovely.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2011,4/13/2012,699,631,9,9,7>Went with a friend who is a huge bakery lovin fool, she knows all the sweet spots in the valley, and she told me during lunch at work about Essence Bakery Café and their sweet macaroons. I said man I am broke till tomorrow, I can't get any sweets, and she said they are soo good that I'm willing treat!!! Alright then let's go!!! So we went to the bakery and it was during the lunch hour rush so there was a line, but don't let the line deter you from wanting some sweet heaven. (on side note, grabbed a togo menu to go so I can check out their lunch menu,,looks like I am going to have to give it a try!) We made it to the counter and I ordered a french chocolate macaroon and a vanilla dark rum macaroon. Oh my gosh!!!!! Let me tell you!! The french chocolate macaroon was like a thick fudge between 2 soft moist chocolate pillows, so rich and delicious! Definitely could only eat one of those! The vanilla dark rum macaroon caught me by surprise; it is my fav macaroon hand down! OMG so light and tasty, the blend of dark rum and vanilla whipped into this sweet tasting cookie filling with 2 moist vanilla pillows covering it..I was trying to eat it slowly to savory every bite and just enjoy this heavenly bliss,,,,but the cookie had disappeared and now I am overcome with sadness. :(  I must go back another day and get me more!!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,4/12/2012,263,625,5,6,7>Love this restaurant so much. It is such a pleasure to come here every time.        The food is always so good. The service is a lovely experience.  There is so very much to choose from on the menu.   You could never say you don't like what is on the menu, some thing for everyone.  Lots of parking in the lot. Plus, don't forget your coupon. Sign up on their website and they will send you coupons all the time.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,4/11/2012,280,572,9,12,10>While I've never actually eaten a full meal at CPH, this is probably my favorite place for drinks and apps.  I don't even care that their happy hour discounts are not that great.First off, they make a version of a sloe gin fizz.  Based on that alone, I'm at 5 stars.  The fact that it was fantastic was just an added bonus.  Second, they ingeniously thought to put bacon fat in the popcorn.  Now we're at 10 stars.    Third, 'kilt lifter" fondue.  Need I say more?
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,4/10/2012,892,390,5,12,11>The 5 stars are for the Real Pirates exhibit, in one word, AWESOME. They bring us top quality exhibits :)If I was just rating the museum I'd give it 4 stars. They've got a great variety of hands on activities, but I do get strange looks when I get in line to try them,,,,, & everyone else is of elementary school age :D For this reason, if you are NOT in elementary school & you will not be taking young kids, I would recommend trying to go during school hours. That way you get to try all the hands on activities :) & they are fun!! There is an IMAX theater & Planetarium on the first floor. On the second floor (I'm pretty sure of the location) there is a SKY CYCLE.... sooo cool! I'm afraid of heights and have yet to take the ride, but one day soon, it's gonna happen! lol! If you or your kids want to do it you have to meet the height requirements, fit into the harness & you need to wear tennis shoes. No high heels or flip flops ladies :)There's a rock climbing wall,,, but for the life of me I can't recall what floor it's on,,, but it's there. I would recommend grabbing a bite before or after the museum. They have a little cafe on the first floor, but I would leave that for emergencies, like your blood sugar dropping or a toddler who must have a cookie :)All in all, great place to spend the day!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,4/9/2012,369,124,4,5,6>I cannot get enough of Paris Envy!  It's the cutest little shop along 7th Avenue.Laurie, the owner, is the sweetest gal and you can tell she loves what she does.  This boutique is the perfect place to find a unique gift, something pretty for your home or handmade jewelry.Over the years I've purchased: silk throw pillows, earrings, a beautiful custom angel wing wall hanging (Laurie's business partner makes most of the furniture and other home decor), candles, multiple gifts, and on and on.Stop by when you're in the area...you won't regret it!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/8/2012,366,184,6,6,7>Bueno is right! Their AZ burger is delish! The wheat bun was soft and fresh. I loved the green chili on top of the burger. They have no problems with substitutions or specialized orders which is always a plus to me. The fries were super tasty too. And $7.50 for a meal isn't too shabby for some quality food. You go Bueno Burger!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,4/7/2012,39,82,4,11,4>Went back today and took out another 10 vehicles as I rammed into the left lane to make the turn into the lot...I meant to try pork chops, or catfish...nope, I couldn't get past the chicken.Once again, this chicken did not disappoint.  I had an annoying end to this long work day when I got home with this chicken.  But as soon as I picked up the drumstick and took a bite, it ALL washed away...seriously.Let's back up.  When I opened my styrofoam container, I noticed that the chicken had gotten slightly moist from the being closed up for almost an hour after I got it.  I thought the experience was going to be lessened.  No.  The drumstick was a bit soggy on the bottom from sitting so long, but like I said, I bit into it and all the annoyances of life went elsewhere and bothered some other guy.Perfection.Even when soggy.Even when sitting for over an hour.If fried chicken remains absolutely delicious even after all that, you know you've got some special stuff.What gets me is that I saw some young folks in the kitchen, I don't know if either of them fried the chicken, but if so - someone has been teaching them the real deal.  This tastes like some old woman who has been through years of hurt and pain but also joy and love has cooked this.  Someone who KNEW what bad chicken was and KNEW how to avoid that at all costs.  Someone who cared what their food tastes like.  And if youngens' are producing this kind of fare, that deserves proper kudos.I notice there is not a 'professional' atmosphere here.  Like another reviewer said, anything seems to go.  Honestly?  So what.The food is too friggin good.  Yes, we are entitled to good customer service as customers.  But like I said before, you get what you put in with the people here.  You come in with an attitude, that is what you get.I know some people put a high high value on customer service and how staff presents themselves; I do, too.  But chicken THIS good, and I mean specifically THIS chicken that is THIS good...I can accept the very casual atmosphere here.Yes, I wish they would put a bit more pride in their professionalism.  But I promise you, this chicken will make lovers of fried chicken not give a flying flea's fanny about anything else.  In each experience I've had with it, the chicken is THAT good.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/6/2012,156,158,16,15,10>"Oh.My.God" -says I"what?!" -replies friend"What in God's name is a Brulee burger!?!"I quickly grabbed a paper menu off of the clean counter near the cash register and flipped open to the burgers.  I know what brulee means, burnt sugar, but how could this relate to a burger.  In my wildest sugary dreams I could have never dreamt of this.  A burger, delicious and meaty, on a very nice toasty bun, with Havarti cheese, Havarti people(!), bacon, porky crispy salty bacon, a fried egg, runny and delicious, and yes, BURNT SUGAR!"Two please...wait, no no, one, two would be silly.....(but if my friend wasn't here to witness this I would probably get 7)  and sweet potato tots please"What saint, what angel, what GOD could create this masterpiece?  What twisted sugary mind could come up with this concoction?  If ever I meet the mad scientist who put together this beautiful monster I am liable to leave my husband and marry them.  And their shakes looked really good too, I'll get one next time.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,6/18/2010,176,83,10,12,11>So I told my wife for Father's Day, I could go for some awesome pizza at a 'not-so-commercial' joint (Those are my favorite!). She told me about Gilbert Pizza and I was sold! We went there for lunch with my son and experienced how busy this place is first hand!  The waitress was superhuman! This place was packed and she was the ONLY one working the tables.  As a matter of fact, she was working the register too! It was insane and very entertaining just watching her fly through the restaurant.  She was like the tazmanian devil, except instead of tearing everything apart, when she passes your table, yummy garlic knots and soda cups appear on your table from the funnel cloud!  It was MOST impressive!We scarfed down the garlic knots (These things are GARLICCY!!!!) made with fresh garlic, and filled our cups with soda.  A lot of people swear by pizza and beer, but I prefer a nice cold Mountain Dew or Dr Pepper when I'm eating pizza. It just reminds me of childhood a little more.  Uh oh! Here comes the funnel cloud again! We shouted our order into the void and within minutes, a 16" Supreme (New York Style) plopped down on our pizza riser with steam still oozing off the bubbly cheese.  It was uncanny!If I were to make ONE suggestion (and my excuse for not giving this place a 5 star) is to come up with a way to keep the grease out from under the pizza.  Within about 5 minutes, the pizza was soggy from it. Overall, the taste was excellent!  If you are thinking about going here, DO IT. Only, just order by the slice so it doesn't get soggy.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,6/17/2010,357,399,9,11,11>I have been here several times now so it's time I write a review. I LOVE this place!!!  Seriously!!  Ok, I know soda is bad for me weather is full on cane sugar or diet stuff, it's all bad.  We all have are vices right?  At least I limit myself to one per day.  I try to keep the addiction in check.  And I love variety.  I could easily get stuck in a rut with Pepsi, Coke, and Dr. Pepper but at Pop The Soda Shop that is impossible!There are rows and rows of soda.  If you can imagine it, they probably have it.  It's amazing!  They even carry some types of water and energy drinks.  My favorite is the Root Beer isle.  They must have 50 types of root beer!!  I love trying different types of root beer and this is the place to go if you love the beer of root.  They have Dr. Pepper in little bottles!!  YUM!  And Stewart's Key Lime soda which is the BOMB!  If you have not tried it, you must!  I also happen to be a fan of Cheer Wine and they've got plenty of that too.  Of course they have the "real" coke in glass bottles too.  An ice cold coke in a bottle is the best!  If you just can't wait to try something they have just about everything cold in the cases in the back.  And if ya go on a hot day, that is a must.The staff are knowledgeable and very helpful.  I have bought cases and they have happily put them in my care for me.  I would rather give my hard earned dollars to a locally owend and operated store than a big box store when I have a choice.  So go and stock up on your soda here!  It's worth the trip wherever you are.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2009,6/16/2010,369,46,9,20,14>I received a yellow post it note on my desk written in black ink.. DINNER TONIGHT @ 6 SHARP! DILLONS.... twice underlined.... that being said i must go right? we walk in and people are leaving with smiles and laughs... the atmosphere was so warm and welcoming.. I love the Decor... little cows all over the place... some with wings.. and pigs too... it was adorable! reminds me of walking into my friends grandparents house... their menu has a nice selection... :) our waitress was very bubbly and attentive... he had smoked sausage and brisket.. he raved over it... but i didn't want to try it... he had the HOT BBQ sauce.... i didn't have my tums... i had the pulled pork with the sweet BBQ sauce... oh my... it was amazing... the pork alone was so tender and just fabulous! and the awesome BBQ sauce just topped it off... their potato salad is great to.. i think they used red potatoes... which are my favorite... i like that they have a veggie of the day... that day was Broccoli... it was tasty! their bread roll was wheat.. so i was excited... but it wasn't that great.. maybe next time.... the lemon Water was fabulous as always... Over all... service ... AWESOME Food.... Cant Beat it Bathroom... Clean and Tidy Atmosphere.. homey and relaxing... I cant wait to go again :)
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2009,6/15/2010,2178,528,32,28,25>Ok. So I've never actually been to Two Hippies BHOTAB...but I'm going to review it anyway. JUST KIDDING! I've had take out but someone else has always picked it up for me. You know. I have people for that. First off I must say for bong sake you have the longest restaurant name evah! Secondly I must say your pork tacos really hit the spot. Granted one side of the tortilla becomes a bit slimy by the time it reaches me (from my people) and the foil is unwrapped (again, my people) and I finally plunge that delicious hippie taco into my boca. The pork is moist (ewww, i don't usually say moist...OMG...I said it twice) and a little crunchy in parts. Perfection. Seasoned with love. Like a good hippie. A few beans, cabbage, cheese and tomatoes thrown in and I'm happier than a hippie at a Patchouli sale. Or happier than a hippie in a muraled van selling incense and bongs on Venice Beach. Or happier than....oh...you get the idea. All this love for under $2 a taco. Now I know why you are Outgrageous! I may tye dye a t shirt, get out the Nag Champa and pop in Dazed and Confused. Now. Damnit. Where is that bag of Doritos?
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,6/14/2010,247,155,12,20,19>I have to go w/ five.  I can still remember every, even the most subtle flavor, starting with the bread and oil, the Ginhound cocktail, followed by the salad (we chose the salad Pavle talked up, and we were not disappointed).  As we munched on the salad, I commented to my dining partner that we were eating a lot of grapefruit - both the Ginhound and the shaved fennel salad featured the fruit, but neither were overly bitter at all.  It was the ideal way to start the meal.We elected to carry on with the Spigarello (delicious- excellent balance of garlic and a slightly buttery taste) again per Pavle's recommendation, along with an order of the mozzarella w/ an egg over braised leeks.  This was my favorite dish (well, tied with the salad and dessert...).  The mustard breadcrumbs added a little tangy flavor along with a fantastic texture.  Finally, we decided to split the bread pudding dessert.  Made w/ chocolate/cherry bread from the Phoenician's bakery (available at the Old Town Farmer's Market in Scottsdale), it was decadent.  All in all a fantastic meal - everything was perfect.  The atmosphere, the service...  It was fantastic.  You won't regret going there.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,6/13/2010,302,469,3,11,13>OMG! Postino's went above and beyond for me on my birthday and I cannot even begin to thank them enough. See they do not take reservations on Sunday's because it gets crazy busy with their brunch and it is just a very popular day. Plus rain was in the forecast for Sunday which was going to make space even tighter. However I called up Postino's on Saturday and spoke with Troy # 1 and told him that I was coming on Sunday with about 20+ people and asked if there was anyway he could help me out. Hmm he says, let me get your number and I will call you back when I can figure out something. So about an hour later he calls to let me know that he can't reserve a table for 20 but that he can can hold at 4 top for me and as my party comes, we can seat them as needed and as long as their is not a wait. Deal!!!! So Sunday arrives, I go to Postino's and Troy # 2 lets me know that Troy#1 told him about me and my situation and that he was there to take care of me. :) YAY! so we were seated at our 4 top, and soon after, we were able to take over another table, then another, until we took over the entire back booth area as well as one 4 top that was close by. There was a couple, Sandy and Mike, that was sitting in the back booth who were so very sweet. We pretty much took over their area to the point that by the time they got ready to leave, they had gone from sitting in the middle of the booth to the very end of the booth. My friend Deb bought them each a glass of wine because they were so very generous and just all around great people. Now everyone told me how fabulous their bruschetta was and they were right. I only had a few pieces because I wanted to I talked to everyone and make sure that they were having a good time. But I will be back to enjoy an entire board by myself. Ok maybe not by myself but still, it was damn good. The wine I was drinking was also excellent as well. Hats off to my friend Deb for picking a fabulous red for me. You are the best. Special thanks also goes out to our server TJ who rocked it for us all afternoon. He made sure everyone was taken care of when it came to food, drinks, etc. Thank you TJ!!! I truly enjoyed myself and I will be back again VERY soon. Thank you again to the entire staff at Postino's on Central for making my 35th birthday extra special.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,6/12/2010,463,250,12,13,10>It no longer carries Crave ice cream  :([[update: actually it does now! woohooo!]]BUT!  I went to the wine bar this past weekend, and it surprised my socks off.  They then asked me to put my socks back on, which I did reluctantly, and poured me a $10 flight of 4 choose-your-own wines.  That's a good price!  The artisan cheese plate for just under $7 was also a steal!  All this just surprised me because the grocery prices are quite high, and then I discover these bargain basement prices in the wine bar.  Awesome.To top it off was a flaky cinnamon baklava.  Just sayin'.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,6/11/2010,134,181,14,9,12>This place is the Pizzeria Bianco of the Phoenician Mexican food world -- excruciatingly long waits, questionably overpriced, occasionally brusque staff. Unlike PB (which represents a wildly successful marketing coup), Los Dos is a wonderful little oasis in the armpit of South Phoenix. My SO and I have been going for an embarrassing number of years (and, accordingly, the staff is super welcoming and we rarely wait). He occasionally demands a birthday dinner there, Los Dos style -- they turn the lights off, bang pots and pans, scream their heads off, and bring a festive dessert.Yes, the food is hot. Do you not know this when you go? I mean, you don't drive by this place on your way to the mall and think 'gee, we should try that sometime'. You are going to be in pain at both ends, my friends, but it's delicious. Even their sour cream is special, tweaked by the addition of subtle flavors of mysterious spices.The margaritas may have grown weaker over the years, or perhaps my liver has just ramped up to keep pace. I've gotten falling down sloppy shitfaced here many a time. The haters are just pissed off that the staff served their bratty attitudes right back to them instead of kissing their plump asses as they are so accustomed to and/or they are transferring their embarrassment about being pussies about the hot food. Tough titty. More for us!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2010,6/10/2010,346,210,6,9,8>My nephew wanted Sprinkles cupcakes for his birthday but I really wasn't up to driving all the way to Scottsdale so I looked up cupcakes on Yelp and found Sugar Daddy Cupcakes. Thanks to Stacey A I found it right away. The cupcakes were bigger and cuter than Sprinkles. I loved the glitter on top of the cupcakes. They were just as good as Sprinkles and the bakery is next door to my favorite place to shop. Does it get any better than shopping and cupcakes?
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,6/9/2010,239,156,8,11,6>So let me just say upfront that this place redefines kitch! I mean I would be shocked if you could find one square inch on a counter or wall that is not filled with some cutesy cup or sloppy slang. But I adore this place. It's small and there is almost always a bit of a wait, but the staff hustles and they are incredibly friendly. The menu is surprisingly large and creative for a family run, diner style breakfast and lunch place. They offer the obvious choices you would expect of this fare, but then they toss in a little something to juice it up. They have a standing Steak and Eggs special for $5.95 that I have never sampled but I've seen one hell of a lot of them move through that kitchen! They also have a fairly decent all you can eat Fish deal from 11:00 to close. My personal favorites would have to be either... wait for it... "The Julie Plate" (yes it is actually called that) or the Breakfast Burrito (which bulges with ham, sausage, bacon, cheese, chiles, and country potatoes). But try one of their daily specials, like German Pancakes, and you may be hard pressed to go back to the regular menu. One word of caution is that the servings here are HUGE. I can literally make three meals out of the BB and still have a bite or two to share with my dogs. Ronnie's opens at 6:00 or 6:30 a.m. (don't know which, because I'm not awake at that time of day) and closes at 2:00 p.m. It is not pretentious. It is the kind of place that is comfortable, clean, and serves a steady stream of loyal customers which are greeted by name along with hugs and smiles. Prices are reasonable if you consider the amount of food you receive, and the consistent quality / selection far exceeds that of the most popular chains. If you are looking for trend, go somewhere else... it will just make my table free up a little sooner. ; )
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,4/27/2011,331,207,7,11,10>Just the smell of the bakery when you walk in makes your mouth water and aim for the counters.   I have passed by too many times and finally had stopped in after the Tempe Heart Walk.  The restaurant was packed with lunch-goers.  I am glad that they actually have a to-go line.  The menu offers breakfast, lunch, and pastries, but it's the pastries I'm after today.  I went straight for their famous macarons.   The vanilla bean macaron was so delightful.  The texture was light and creamy. The macaron wasn't enough so I had ordered the Small Box of Treats (mini macaron, strawberry tart, key lime tart, and a cookie), almond croissant, and a brioche roll.  After opening the boxes and bags, I completely forgot to take any photos.  Who can blame me?  I will need to return to try their crepes and other desserts.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,4/26/2011,390,126,3,11,7>With a little trepidation... I will leak my new favorite breakfast spot.  Mac's is a nice little neighborhood bar, nice selection of brews on tap, good food of a great variety and excellent staff.  Its location is what helps make it a standout, it is in one of the best strips in all of Phoenix.Book-ended by Tempe's best bookstore and Tempe's most in-touch record store, this is the perfect place to start or finish a weekend morning.  The thing about the breakfast here is that it has two of my favorite qualities:  good and cheap.  Not cheap ingredients, nope.  Apple cider bacon, pecan pancakes, heavy and delicious huevos.  All of their offerings center around 6 bucks.  In Tempe, which is notoriously over priced in the early morning offerings, that is very cheap breakfast.The light enters the room just right in the morning, casting amber hues around the room as you sip coffee, listen to pretty bad music and enjoy your hearty breakfast.  Take a stroll to Trader Joes, buy a few albums at Hoodlums and work up an appetite for Tott's (which is right across the street).
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,4/25/2011,296,138,8,13,8>Scott's Generations is hands down the best east coast-style deli in the valley, particularly for breakfast. It's just as cheap as Denny's down the street and about ten times more satisfying and wholesome. Their baked goods and bagels are crisp, chewy perfection. No perpetrating steam oven biscuit bagels here like Breuggers or Einsteins.  And there's plenty of cream cheese options to schmear to your heart's content. I'm usually a pretty flexible diner, rotating through a menu to try new things, but here I get one thing and one thing only every time. Brandi's Breakfast Special for only four bucks: two eggs over easy, home fries and a garlic bagel with chive cream cheese.I guarantee that meal will sink like a satisfying rock to the bottom of your stomach and keep you full for hours. With coffee and tip the whole thing will set you back about eight bucks.Enjoy the surly granny wait staff that'll call you doll or sugar, and treat yourself to a black and white cookie on the way out. Trust me.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,4/24/2011,174,98,5,9,5>Go to the Vig Uptown for the bathrooms alone. Seriously. If you are one of those neurotic people out there like myself who judges establishments and the frequency of which you will attend them by the cleanliness among other features of their bathrooms, then I am thrilled to say you will not be disappointed. The stalls are gigantic, completely separated from top to bottom so you have full privacy and don't have to stare at people's disgusting dirty feet, and best of all, they have a little ledge for your cocktails! Why more places don't consider that sometimes we like to take our drinks to the bathroom with us is beyond me, but it creates a real predicament once you walk into a stall and there's nowhere to put it. Oh, and if I ever become rich I am ripping all of the sinks out of the bathrooms in my condo and replacing them with whoever's sinks are in the Vig. In a word, GORGEOUS!The second thing that makes the new Vig a winner is the Kid's Menu portion of Mac n Cheese. It is so freaking delicious I have no words. Almost tastes like fresh pasta smothered in Velveeta. Plus it costs like $5, possibly $6, whatever, I've never once been able to finish it.Drinks are a little pricey for me to spend as much time as I'd like here, especially with regard to their gorgeous bathrooms, but still affordable enough that I'll come party here once or twice a month.Go check it out for yourself, just watch out for their Sunday Brunch if you're not into babies...because they're everywhere!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,4/23/2011,367,306,8,9,7>This place is amazing! We decided on the 7 course meal without the wine paring. We started with vodka martinis and I asked if they had blue cheese stuffed olives and the waitress said she would make some, fresh! The olives alone were amazing. The best blue cheese I have had in a long time. The courses were all fabulous. I think the wild boar bacon was one of my favorites. I also loved the red cabbage jelly and curry soup. The prawn dish was a little disappointing. The prawns were overcooked and chewy, but that is my only complaint. For dessert we requested something savory as we are not really into sweets. Wow, we made the right decision. They brought us a cheese plate with the best cheese I have ever had on it. There was a Humbolt Fog goat cheese and the star of the dish, Epoisse Du Borgogne. I have never tasted anything like it. The waitress wrote down the cheese names and told me where I could purchase it. I love it here. It is a wonderful experience. We spent 4 hours (we told them there was no rush) a lovely laid back dinner and drinks. Go, savor and fall in love!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,4/22/2011,193,63,7,14,8>Two trips to Fez and I am completely comfortable giving it a 5 star review.  The pour is heavy.  The food is delicious.  The service is great.  They let me smoke on the patio and have a drink in my hand at the same time.  I won't go into detail since it's all been said before but definitely try the chicken philo appetizer.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,4/21/2011,231,476,9,15,13>Wow, this was one of the best dinners I have had in a long time. I definitely have my favorite spots but it is rare that I have an entree that knocks my socks off. For me, this was the gnocchi dish with the shitake dijon cream sauce. My husband was surprised that I ordered this, since I don't like mushrooms, and luckily for me, the extent of the mushrooms were some medium ones in the sauce. The gnocchi were very tender and the sauce was rich and creamy. I felt like I was eating a delicious mac & cheese with some soft foccaccia bread. OMG. We also ordered the porteguese style mussels that were a fave of my husband's. They were just okay to me but overall, were decent. We also ordered the chorizo and manchego risotto that I really liked. We each had a glass of wine. Our server was kind enough to let me sample the prosecco before I ordered it. Good thing I did because I didn't like it. The server asked what kind of wine I liked and then brought me a taste of their white blend which I enjoyed. Overall, before tip, our bill was $50. Very reasonable for three plates and two glasses of wine. This place is extremely small inside with 4-6 small table inside and 3-4 tables on their patio. There were two servers and on a busy Fri night, service was slow. But they were very nice and apologetic, so I gave them a break. I noticed the kitchen staff worked extremely efficiently which is a plus for such a small space. I was very impressed. I cannot WAIT to come back here as there were several plates that looked amazing.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,4/20/2011,100,799,8,15,11>I was privileged to be the first customer of this brand new buffet, this morning!  It's very nice inside, with both booths & tables, & they hit the ground running with about 125 food items, plus sauces & dressings.The food was pretty much what you expect at the largest Chinese Buffets, but there were some great surprises, such as the amazingly good Stuffed Chicken, the Bacon Broccoli, & the Crab Stuffed Shrimp.  Everything else was tops, too.  For instance, the Mongolian BBQ included delicious (expensive) Chinese Snow Peas, & the superior presentation of the "regular" items, such as Kim Chee (zingy, but not TOO hot) wasn't lost on me, either.There was a good selection of just-made Sushi, plenty of desserts, & the staff members were just precious.  On top of all this, they had all of their ducks in a row on this very first morning in business.  (Take note, Pacific Seafood, Glendale!).This wonderful place rises all the way to the "Top 10" for me!Open 10:30 AM.  Lunch Buffet $7.49/$6.75 Sr.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,4/19/2011,690,342,15,26,21>OH MAH GAWD!Normally I don't *love* tamales because they are relatively dry, but when I saw The Tamale Store selling Tamales at the Downtown Public Market I just had to try one. They have three regular vegan options in addition to two dessert vegan options, and 5 vegetarian options.So, I decided to get a hot Southwest Chipotle and ate it at the market, and got an additional 6 frozen; a combo of Southwest Chipotle, Pumpkin, and Sweet Corn.Well, these tamales are freaking delicious. Incredibly moist and flavorful, but with very few ingredients, and you can pronounce all of them! Their website touts "We use only the freshest produce and extra lean meats. We never use lard or shortenings. We never use preservatives!!" It is OBVIOUSLY true.I love The Tamale Store!!!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,4/18/2011,1114,557,9,12,11>Sometimes I feel bad... That I hadn't tried a local place sooner. This bar and grill has been here for-ever! I tried the Ruben on sourdough and it was good. We also had the Philly and it was one of the best we have had. The service was just like an old friend and the patrons were all cool. I was impressed.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,6/20/2011,447,457,5,13,11>Truth be told, I was holding off on my review of Hula's because I just didn't share everyone's enthusiasm for the place. Without a doubt, the space is cool. The concept is original for Phoenix. But, I'm not big on super sweet drinks so their signature cocktails were not on my list of "big deal happy hour bargains" and the food wasn't anything I craved. Until now. They must be new, because they are not included on the menu posted on the website, but there are some rice bowl additions. I had the steak bowl. I'm telling you: the steak was pink and tender, the sauce was spicy and craveable, it was a generous portion size and, over all, that bowl alone will get me to be the first to say, "Hey! Let's go to Hula's!!"
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,6/19/2011,337,291,5,7,8>I've been away from the Old Town bar scene for a few months now, and I decided what better place to make my comeback than Firehouse.  Firehouse was one of my favorite spots in Old Town.  I've spent many, many drunken nights dancing my booty off at this bar.  If you get tired of waiting for drinks at the front bar, try your luck at the back.  Sometimes the service is faster, and you never know who you'll run into on the way over there. Anyways, this particular occasion I was coming out to watch the Pacquiao fight with some buddies from my boxing gym.  What better place to watch a fight than a place like Firehouse?!  We had a reserved table--the best spot in the house!  Waitresses buzzed around us, bringing food, pitchers of water and checking to see if anyone needed a refill from the bar, all while being careful not to block our view of the fight.  Very impressive.  And they're dressed so damn cute.  We were treated like kings (or just high-rolling VIPs). After the fight the usual set of songs and music videos came on, and I remembered why I usually moved on to the next bar after an hour or so.  Some new music would definitely keep me in the place longer, but I can't complain.   All in all, a great night.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,6/18/2011,110,72,6,8,8>I'm a huge quesadilla fan. I'm also a big fan of fresh food. In addition to that, as often as possible I like to be a patron of the small locally held businesses in the area where I live. I like spending my money there because they spend their money here and we all know that's good for the local economy. Okay so here we go.This place has a pretty big blue sign on the front of the store. They have a half a dozen or so parking spaces of their own in front. It's nothing to look at but what goes on under the hood is pretty darn special. There is only about 5' x 12' of walking space in front of the counter. Directly in front of you when you walk in the door there are pork rinds, Cabeza, Cow Tongue and a few other traditional Mexican entrées nicely seasoned and cooked. In the back behind the counter you can see through an open door, a team of folks working hard and making tortillas. This is what I was here for. Now over to your right they have prepackaged in a few different denominations and sizes fresh tortillas made probably only earlier that day and packaged right there on the spot. I bought myself a dozen 12 inch flour tortillas for $1.98 . . . . I couldn't wait to rip open the package and try one right outside the store (I ended up eating three)  Yummy ! All I can say now is I don't know if I can go back to the ones I used to get at Fry's. If any of you have ever had fresh flower tortillas you already know what I'm talking about. Check it out for yourself!!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,6/17/2011,302,469,6,8,8>I went to Beckett's Table on a Wednesday night with the fabulous Aileen B. I was dying to try this place because she made my mouth water after reading her review. The pictures that on on yelp do not do this place justice. It is alot bigger than it appears and it is wide open. They are also already expanding the patio after only being open for a few months. We started off with some drinks, I had the classic painkiller which reminds me of a pina colada and you do feel like you are on a beach somewhere sipping on a cool refreshing drink. Aileen had a glass of white wine which for the life of me, I cannot remember but she did enjoy it and that is all that counts. We ordered some mac and cheese and roasted brussel sprouts as an appetizer. OMG! People always seem to not enjoy the yummy goodness of brussel sprouts and believe me, this brussel sprouts were extra yummy. They were roasted to perfection and had shaved manchego cheese, pancetta, and had the sweet taste from the yummy lemon thyme vinaigrette. I am still drooling over those brussel sprouts as they really were that good. The mac and cheese was also divine. It was the creamy white mac and cheese with little bits of pancetta sprinkled very lightly over it. Between the brussel sprouts, mac and cheese and the warm house bread with the honey butter, who needs a main course? ME! duh. So for the main course, I decided to order pork osso bucco. I was so excited about it because I had read how great it was in Aileen's review and I just had to try it. Well, unfortunately it was not all that great. The osso bucco was a little dry to me and I found that I am not a fan of spatezle as it had no flavor to me at all. I literally was moving my food around my plate like kid to make it seem like I was eating it. Aileen ordered wood fire mussels and she said they were good but needed a little bit more salt. I am not one to return my dish if I am not happy, but when our lovely waitress Rebecca came over to ask how the meal was, Aileen (bless her heart) let her know that I was not enjoying it. Rebecca asked if she could get me something else, but since I had my heart set on this dish, I politely declined. Well, to our surprise, Rebecca came back a few minutes later to let us know that they were not only comping the dish, but they were giving us the death by chocolate dessert as a treat. WOW! I was floored. That was very generous of them. The dessert was fabulous. Warm chocolate cake with a scoop of ice cream and a oreo cookie that was dipped in white chocolate. Yum. The drinks were delightful, the brussel sprouts were heavenly, the mac and cheese was creamy, the dessert was sinful, and my company was fabulous! Even though I did not like my main course, I will definitely be back to try something else as the service was great and they went above and beyond. Extra, extra special thanks to Aileen for inviting me and to my surprise treating me to dinner for my birthday.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2010,6/16/2011,463,250,14,14,12>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food10 *Drinks*10 Service8 Atmosphere8 ValueI have been here a number of times, but I haven't REALLY had these guys for dinner yet, even though the bastards tease me every now and then with mouth-watering tweets.  Like when they trotted around a textualized version of their Monte Cristo in my face for lunch one day.  I work out in the burbs so a Maize's lunch was not in the cards; and I know they knew it, too.But brunch: now that is something I have tried here, and something I have quite a bit of general experience trying over the course of my breakfast-food-and-mimosa-loving life.  And Maize's, you complete me.  The turkey/avocado/biscuit Benedict might have needed a touch more hollandaise sauce, but the upside of that statement is that the hollandaise was good enough that I wanted more of it.  So many places have bland hollandaise, but not you my Maize.The homestyle potatoes were good, but no AZ Bread Co.  (AZ Bread Co will likely hold that title for a long, long time.)  Where Maize's really jerked the line and sunk that hook into my fleshy mouth was with the $15 "make your own" mimosas.  What that really means, is that for $15 they bring you a carafe of OJ and a bottle of champagne, put them in a bucket of ice, and let you go apeshit.  I was a good boy this trip, but thanks to the light rail, next time i might test Heather's patience with a double-bucket.It was honestly hard to decide my meal b/c there were quite a few things I wanted, so I'm looking forward to my next trip, despite the nanny nanny boo boo twitter taunting.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,6/15/2011,215,519,5,8,6>Number. One. Fan.Yep, I said it. I'm their number one freaking fan. Where do I start? Location and History: inside the historic Clarendon Hotel. If you don't know the story of Don Bolles -- the Arizona Republic reporter who was murdered by the PHX mafia in the hotel's parking lot -- then acquaint yourself on some crazy PHX background. The hotel has some (rather poorly enlarged, unfortunately) newspaper clippings and photos on this throughout its hallways that lead to the bathroom. Anyway, look up the story, then drop some knowledge on your fellow diners -- they will certainly appreciate the space on a whole new level.Food: Reasonably priced and yum-yum. Tortas, street-style tacos, Mexi brunch, dessert (fresh fruit and crema is light, sweet and perfect end to, say, a giant carna asada burrito), I love it all. I cannot rave enough about their Ejote, or Mexican Grilled Corn. I make everyone I take here try it and have turned them all into addicts. Not to mention, their food is from local farms and much of it is organic...say, what?? For the price, the taste and the guilt-free experience, you simply cannot beat it. I have one note of warning, do NOT get sucked into the curiosity surrounding their Chicharron de Queso (which comes with the quip on their menu: "This is NOT a quesadilla, gringos"). It's basically fried cheese. Sounds so simple and weird that you think Well, it must be more than it sounds, to be on the menu! Nope, it tastes just like the bits of shredded cheese that fall out of your grilled cheese onto the skillet and get half burnt. But everything else I've tried gets a thumbs up. Live entertainment and extras: Flamenco music and dancing demos every Wednesday = awesome. Held inside the lobby (viewable from most seats in the dining room) or on the roof when it's cooler. Sunday cool baby night -- DJs and hipster mingling on the roof, complete with makeshift bar.Odds and Ends: The pool area and roof top. Pool area is fantastic with its brightly colored tile, water wall of glass and cacti. Soothing, beautiful and a great spot for out-of-towners to relax. Not to mention the City of Phoenix logo sculpture, which, as Bonnie G pointed out, is a great spot to snag photos with your visiting friends and family. The roof top area is just perfect -- a great view of the city, tons of comfy padded patio furniture. Between getting to tell newcomers about the cool history, take them up to the roof and introduce them to the Valley's best Ejote, this is my top "hidden gem" in Phoenix. I take my parents here and I take dates here, it's just that versatile and cool.  As such: Number. One. Fan.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,6/14/2011,890,308,8,8,8>Churn baby churn! Ice cream lovers, it is imperative you come try this place! Once you take your first lick, the rest is history! You'll immediately taste the trueness of the ingredient being used! Your taste bud will jump in rejoice! Promise!I tried the Peanut Butter, Toasted Coconut, and Madagascar Vanilla! You have the option to make it into a sandwich or a cone (waffle or pretzel).  Because I'm a sucker for trying new things, I opted for the pretzel! Bad idea! Clashed big time! It seemed like a good idea but failed! However, the sweetness and the saltiness did work, but as I crunched into the pretzel cone it tasted half stale and slightly buttery! That's just me!The parking situation is very limited, so you might turn to Valet Parking.  The decor has that old school ice cream parlor feel but in an upscale kind of way.  Seating is scarce inside, but you can find more room in the back patio area.Seriously, come check it out and happy licking! =)
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,6/13/2011,348,195,11,18,13>4.5 stars Oh Tottie's. I think I love you because our names are similar... Beyond that, you have earned my love based on your DELICIOUS food and friendly service! The first time I went to Tottie's it was for my Favorite Bear's birthday party. I arrived before Happy Hour ended and scored a Sake Bomber (or two?) before we were seated for dinner. I let the birthday boy handle all of the ordering. He knows what I like! I don't remember exactly what all we had but I do know that I want an IV drip of her curry sauce in my arm at all times. I also enjoyed her pork belly lettuce cups. Yep, PORK BELLY. It was so good! The second visit I had, I ordered a duck with creamy curry noodle dish. It was not on the menu, and you're lucky if you can get it, but if you do, I wouldn't mind if you named your next child after me. You're welcome. The duck was tender and flavorful. The noodles were perfectly cooked with the most delicious creamy, spicy curry sauce. I could eat it every day. Seriously. During our meal, our server was friendly but a little absentminded. She also seemed like she was new because she wasn't terribly knowledgeable on the menu. At the end of my meal, Tottie asked me about my food and thanked me for coming in. I am looking forward to my next visit to Tottie's The food is great, the servings are huge, the prices are reasonable. I know 5 stars from me is in their future!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,6/12/2011,128,30,12,9,11>From the bar, I watched my food being prepared by dudes who look like they're from Seattle. And then served by chicks who look like they're from Seattle. And now I'm enjoying my Cottage Pie Pasty amongst other diners who all look like they're from Seattle. Except the guy over there with no neck wearing the Affliction shirt which is two sizes too small, rocking the Bluetooth earpiece; he's clearly from the Jersey Shore. Or North Scottsdale.I've been to both Cornish Pasty locations, and I gotta say that they do a great job with the space(s) they occupy. This haunt in Mesa - like the one in Tempe - occupies a strip mall (as do 98.5% of the restaurants in the East Valley), but it sure doesn't feel like it once you're inside. And I dig that.As for the dough these things come in ... It's, like, equal parts flour, Jesus, and butter! From this point forward, I'm dedicating my life to reverse engineering these mofos and then opening a Cornish Pasty. In Seattle.Let's just say I'm a fan.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,6/11/2011,362,221,17,13,14>My favorite dive bar in the universe! If you want to go somewhere with friends that has dirt cheap drinks, a rad jukebox, & awesome random people, then JT's is it!Allegedly, I got really drunk here, danced my ass off on the dance floor that exists in my mind, met the owner, got a free t-shirt, ordered a pizza delivered there at 1AM, made several inappropriate life decisions, & ended the night with an $18 bar tab & a taxi ride home. Allegedly.I lost the fabulous free t-shirt they gave me too. The front of it said- DUH! I mean, can you get any more classy than that?If you can't have fun here, then you should see a doctor cause you're probably all bunged up.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,5/27/2008,215,519,5,8,9>that's it - I'm moving back to phoenix. All it took was for three local phoenix boys to open the perfect tavern where I can relax on a massive wooden porch with a pint of bass and wax poetic on the merits of the cure and the clash with a friend after work.Rose and Crown is a gorgeous home (formerly circa 1900) turned London pub with a warm atmosphere and *killer* music selected on the jukebox. The music I attribute to one of the owners, Chris, who, I eventually discovered, used to play in a mid-90s local punk band called Plinko. I found this tidbit of info out while eavesdropping on a conversation he was having with a couple that was sitting up at the bar. They were chatting about a 1993 punk show in Phx where Circle Jerks and Skankin Pickle played. I excitedly shouted from across the room, "Punk v. Ska?! I was at that show, too!" turns out the owner's band, the couple, and I were ALL at that show, and now ALL sitting a beautiful wood bar relaxing with our English pints (which are 20 OZ across the pond, btw, not 16)  - did I mention I LOVE THIS PLACE? Deets: It's nestled in Heritage Square - and directly across from Pizzeria Bianco - on a faux street (it was once a street but is now blocked from traffic passing through) with about five other early 19th century homes-turned-restaurant/bar. This really makes for a homey effect. Up a set of stairs and there's plenty of wooden tables and chairs on the enormous front patio (where, I might add, you can actually take your drink to - take that, Roosevelt!). inside is broken up into three rooms off of a foyer. the belly-up portion of the bar itself is kind of small - but there's plenty of high-table seating throughout the two rooms, and a pool table and dart board in the third.Food - didn't try it, but usual English fare; Shepherd's pie, bangers and mash, fish and chips. Happy hour meant $3.50 import pints (again, these are 20 ouncers) of Bass, Boddington's, Newcastle, Guinness, Stella...you get the idea.My one major complaint - the parking. There is absolutely no parking near the bar. There are of course plenty of garages nearby - this is right downtown - but on a game night you get screwed. you can try your luck finding a metered space that doesn't require money after 5 p.m. like I did. But that's not enough to deter me. The owner I mentioned before - who spotted me sitting at the bar alone while I waited for my friend and chatted me up - very much gave the impression that they're just three good friends attempting what every 20-30-somethings dreams about at one point - opening a cool bar. And they did. So go to it.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2008,5/26/2008,208,450,4,5,6>Another place that is really serene and makes you forget you are in a large city! I really liked the Desert Botanical Gardens and I am totally not into flowers or botany!  We had been to DBG once before for Luminarias, but it was so dark that we couldn't see much. I'm glad we returned in the daylight.We took my inlaws yesterday after brunch and they absolutely loved DBG. My father-in-law is totally into photography, so DBG was awesome for him. We saw tons of people with cameras, so it is a photographer's haven.  I really had no clue there were so many types of cactus. There are hands on activities scattered throughout (probably for kids on field trips) and boards with information, which comes in handy on the Sonoran Desert Trail when you want to figure out which mountain in the distance is Camelback, Piestewa, Four Peaks, etc.  We saw little lizards, hummingbirds, quail, and ground squirrels while wondering around as well.There is much to see and you can get through the gardens as quickly or as leisurely as you would like. We spent about two and a half hours there, which I think is a perfect amount of time. You see everything and are ready to leave by the end.  A very nice place to take visitors on a nice day.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2008,5/25/2008,448,260,7,13,9>I know that there has been a lot of controversy surrounding Fresh and Easy and whether it's really as "Fresh and Easy," environmentally friendly, or as organic as it bills itself to be. I'll leave that whole discussion for the talk threads and just focus on why, from a shopping and eating perspective, I absolutely love this market. First of all, because my husband and I love food so much, we tend to eat out and crave restaurant dining more than we should to be friendly on the wallets and our waistlines. Because Fresh and Easy has such a variety of good-quality frozen and pre-prepared options that can easily be combined to create a meal, I'm a lot happier eating at home and the total price is much less than we would pay going out. As an example, we combined their refrigerated vegetable samosas ($3.99) with their frozen paneer meal ($3.99; also comes with rice and green beans) and some naan ($3.99) and had a delicious, easy Indian meal for about $6/person. The other thing I love about this place is how, unlike at Trader Joe's, certain gourmet or more exotic ingredients are staples, and not special buys for a specified time period.  Before moving to Phoenix, my husband and I made Trader Joe's our gourmet market of choice, but would get very frustrated if we went there to get dinner supplies and found everything but basil and fresh thyme and had to make another stop. At Fresh and Easy, however, things like creme fraiche, Thai garlic & chili sauce, and herbs stay in stock so you can do all of your shopping for a recipe in one place. And then, there's just the deliciousness factor - many things I've randomly tried - red pepper hummus, pre-prepared flan, espresso fudge ice cream, and fresh grapefruit juice - have just been that - delicious. It's wonderful to feel that grocery shopping can tantalize you just as much as trying a new restaurant. Of course, I don't think that F&E would be as wonderful if it weren't right on 19th Ave. and Baseline, four minutes from my house. And I still LOVE Whole Foods. But I find F&E much more exciting and enjoyable of a shopping experience than a regular market or Trader Joe's.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2008,5/24/2008,76,76,10,10,12>It's not Pinkberry, but it might as well be. In fact, it appears as a total carbon copy of the Pinkberry concept; Complete with a knocked-off menu, logo (they use the same colors: pink and green) and a VERY PINK minimalist store design - with bright pink walls and those amazing and very pricey Phillipe Stark 'Ghost' chairs (which i absolutely love, and own!) that "the other named brand" uses.But who cares if it's a total knock-off! This frozen yogurt was DELICIOUS! After the lady gave my friend and I generous sample servings I decided to go with the peached flavored yogurt topped off with fresh kiwi, strawberries AND mango. Note that this was AFTER I had ALREADY EATEN a large salty pretzel AND BEFORE we were about to eat dinner.It was that good. I had to have some. Plus it was a great way to cool off from the hot desert heat.And the wall color goes well with my (avatar's) hair.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,5/23/2008,52,115,6,5,5>I punished myself by getting dessert! The fact that I licked my plate clean, drank gallons upon gallons of iced tea wasn't enough. NO! I had to, had to get the peach cobbler and peach cobbler can not, can not be served without ice cream.What makes Monti's different for y'all looking for something more 'local' is that it really is a place with history and it's written all over the walls.Eat here, walk it off with a stroll down Mill and don't forget the peach cobbler!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,5/22/2008,14,26,5,6,8>Tired of the standard breakfast fare?  Stop by Pleaissant Croissants and pick up a dozen or so to bring to the office or treat yourself to just one.  They have a large variety of flavors.  If you bring an assortment to the office each is coded with a frosting doodle indicating what's inside.These will make you a star, if you're late be a little bit later,  no one will notice.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,5/20/2008,13,20,9,9,8>NomnomnomnompupusanomnomnomnomThat's pretty much all you need to know.Pupusas. I have dreamt of them every day since I had them. They are warm & yummy & tasty & um.. good!  I think of them as a Latin American Hot Pocket, but you probably shouldn't.Technically, they're listed as an appetizer, but next time I'm going I'm getting a few of them and making it a meal.They also had super good soup - I just wish they gave me more than a lil espresso cup full! The fried plaintain was good, though not quite like I've tasted before - my coworker had never tried one though and really liked it. I also had a generous main dish with some peppers, onion, shrimp, & "meat".  With my dish, you could order it with shrimp and "chicken" or "meat".  I'm not sure I'm going to think about that too much more.The shrimp & veggies were great, the meat was a little fatty for my taste ( kind of wish I'd gotten the chicken instead, my friend's looked great), & the beans were more of a strange liquid bean slurry side? Not sure how else to explain that.But seriously, all the main stuff we ate was amazing, and a fellow even came over to explain to us how to eat the pupusas - put the cabbage salad on top, drizzle the sauce, enjoy! Seriously. You will enjoy.EDIT: Since writing this review we've gone back, and I had an appetizer combo with a pupusa, tamale, and meat pie thingy - all of which were well made and tasty! What I want to mention most though is the chili relleno my friend got - no cheese in it, but more like stew! One of the best I've ever tried! And I got the Tamarindo drink - I wish I had gallons of this stuff! It's a citrus tamarind drink that we agreed tasted a lot like mango lemonade. YUM.& my nice nice friend got me a piece of their queso dessert - apparently quesadilla (uh, I have to double check on the name) here is more like a light cake & a cheesecake had a baby... a delicious, cheese-danishy kinda tasting baby.  Try a piece with a friend!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2008,5/19/2008,325,381,33,22,13>AZ Mills was set to be a desert oasis shopping mecca when it was built. The promised land of indoor retail outlet shoppity goodness. When it finally arrived, it was exciting and even worth the trip. Today, it's a different story. Today, AZ Mills feels like a turf war zone. I can't tell you how many times I've been walking around and seen someone swaggering in front of me with his oversized pants hanging down below his ass, swimming in an XXXL tee, with a handgun tucked into the back waistband of his tighty-whites. I'm not kidding - I've literally seen people walking around carrying guns under their clothes here. I haven't heard of a shooting taking place at AZ Mills though - perhaps it's a DMZ. Maybe there was a peace conference and they drew up a cease fire agreement. Either way - the place is kinda overrun during the day and evening with old-school gangsta goodness - the likes of which you haven't seen since the 90s. The other thing you'll find here are children. Somehow this mall has replaced local parks or playgrounds as the hot spot for bad parents to take their shitty kids. I'm tall and don't always know what's going on near my feet - and I've leveled more than a few tiny kids to the floor. If high-pitched sounds (like shrieking or screaming children) inflict pain on your sensitive ear drums, then you may want to avoid this place or else bring some ear plugs.This mall is not without its merits though - it's still a wonderful place to shop for Christmas gifts. Even though it's even more of a mad-house during this time, it's a one-stop bargain shop. I've done the Fashion Square thing numerous times as well as the Chandler Mall and FIesta and PV and have come up empty. AZ Mills just works. I always go home having bought everything for everyone. My friend Steve will only go here in the very early morning before the gangstas show up... I'm not so picky. There's always the shopping satisfaction of having found everything you could ever want while surviving the dangerous atmosphere.This place might get one more star if they had a bullet proof vest store.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,5/18/2008,228,191,7,13,8>So....You say you want authentico?? My family secret shhhh! This place is owned by a lady named Maria. We have dubbed this place just "Maria's" we have been going here for year's!! When the white folk's around me say let's go to Valley Luna I have to school them on what's real food. This food is pure Jalisco and it is what it is! If you want some good home style cookin' in this part of town I would stop in for a bite! You better believe that this place gets busy for dinner so plan accordingly or don't go at peak times for those who don't like crowds. This is a nice little place w a bar and tv's. My sibling's would live here if they could my sister swears by the green chili burro, not for the weak as it brings the heat. I don't eat meat so I get the norm cheese enchiladas, chile relleno, etc all super in my book. I will take pics soon in the meantime here is a recent write up about the place azcentral.com/ent/dining…P.S. Closed Monday's
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,5/17/2008,27,24,2,7,7>This is my first review!! Anyway... Humble Pie. My co-worker and I went for lunch today after reading the mixed reviews on here, and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. I love Pizza, and if it was socially acceptable for me to eat it for every meal, I really would; I think that Humble Pie definitely meets my standards. We sat outside on the patio, which normally I would love, accept for the mister/fan system combo, which made my straight- but naturally curly hair- frizz up in seconds. I was surprised to see the place relatively empty for 12:15 during the week, but I guess it's still "new." Our server, a young guy, greeted us right away with glasses of water, and had our other drinks to the table in seconds. Note to Humble Pie: if you leave the sweetener packets on the mystified tables- the sugar clumps together and doesn't come out of the packets! We ordered the Chopped Vegetable Salad to start and it was amazing! Not heavy, a little tangy, a great mixture of veggies (Asparagus, white beans, cherry tomatoes'), and the cheese was amazing! I'm a big fan of the chopped lettuce! Next, we shared two Pizza's: Chicken Pesto with Leaks and the other was a simple Margahrita. Both, were very good! The mozzarella was fresh, the tomato sauce on the Margarita was tangy and smooth, and the Chicken on the Pesto Pizza was moist and delicious! Everything was seasoned perfectly and the crust had the perfect amount of crunch. The pizza's are small, so I walked away feeling very satisfied and definitely wanting to go back! I bet at night this place is going to be packed! Hurray for Humble Pie!!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2011,2/5/2012,556,127,4,7,8>This little place is great!  I just tried it today with friends of mine at lunch...it's a cute little cafe and they bake all their baked goods...I only had the little red velvet cupcake but the frosting was delicious and the cake was so moist...the bread pudding looked awesome too but I didn't get to try it,,,I had this amazing fresh salad with chicken, blue cheese, avocado with a balsamic vinaigrette...it was awesome!  I wanted to try the thai chicken wrap because it looked yummy...I cannot say anything negative it was great!  I will be back!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,2/4/2012,156,321,12,14,15>Good things come to those whose who eat here.Beef short rib stew green chiles, fried egg, cornbread 14. It was a lengthy decision but I had to hurry up because the lunch rush was starting up and the house soon was going to be hopping.If you read Phoenix Magazine, my lunch was featured on the cover.I started with the corn bread. This bread was the bomb. Moist, golden brown and would spring back just a bit upon the touch. I could taste a little jalapeño heat. It was wonderful. I easily could have had another piece of bread.Now the hearty beef bowl. Even tho I would have preferred to have this dish on a cool crisp day, that just ain't happening for a while longer. The gravy was just right. The brown meat was perfect. There was other stuff in there but I didn't pick at it to study, I just ate. There was a little time for the different flavors to mingle & marry as they rocked the palate. Loved the egg over easy.Thank you Jason for taking care of me.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,2/3/2012,890,308,11,11,13>Dreading the long week and need a quick fix before the weekend hits?! Head down over to this behemoth of upscale delight that serves up a tasty Mediterranean menu that will keep your wallet and plastic cards happy .  If you are savvy with the Fox Concept brand, then you know exactly what I'm talking about--another masterpiece done up  by the creators of True Food Kitchen and Modern Steak.+ Happy Hour+ 4-6PM+ Lounge, the Main Bar, Patio (w/ Mist)If you roll up with a clan of say 6-8, try to grab lounge seating which is located in the Bar area, especially in the Summer! the Main Bar is swanky  and spacious.  Once fall hits, the Patio might be the most ideal to enjoy some nice weather.Ohh k, Let's talk food and drinks! the real reason why we even bother, right?+ Sangria: $5, white (lychee, blood orange, peach), red (blackberry, rasberry, strawberry, tempranillo) - decided this be my favorite one of the two, you can get a small sampling before you try, both are not too sweet just right, unfortunately no hard fruits in them but still satisfying+ Flatbreads: $8, there's 5 to choose from, I personally enjoyed the prosciutto crudo (crispy potato, asparagus & fried egg) and piccante (italian sausage & spicy salami), love EGG on my pizzas! spread it over like jelly on a toast!+ Bacon Wrapped Dates: italian sausage & piquillo pepper, you get the sweet and savory, wasn't as crispy but still pleasingI know some in the group ordered some Bruschetta but I did not get to try.  So can't comment much.What could I say about service? Attentive, friendly and eye candy.  Just saying, from the host to the bartenders to the servers.If you were not wow'd by the ultra posh dining and bar area, the bathroom will.  Might be the most stylized toilette I've ever tainted! Let's just say the bathroom stalls have wooden doors!yelp.com/biz_photos/wUKz…With little room to complain, Olive and Ivy sounds to me like a winner, winner chicken dinner to help you get through your slacker ways week! ;-p
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,2/2/2012,437,464,11,12,11>Laid back yet trendy dining spot in Old Town Scottsdale, I'm glad tried it out.  We came in on a Friday night at 8:00 and we were able to get a table right away.  We sat on the patio where they had a guy on the keyboard going to town with some jazz music, very nice ambiance.  I ordered their signature bloody Mary and it hit the spot, easy on the tomato juice, just like I like 'em.  For apps we had the tomato and basil bruschetta, the bread wasn't that great.  The menu had a nice selection of seafood, pasta and a nice steak but I settled on a burger which was cooked to perfection, very delicious.  I could only take a few bites and packed the rest to go, super huge burger.The server was quick to bring out the drinks and food but she disappeared after that.  While we were eating our meal some random guy came up to our table and sat down.  We were both too polite to tell him to leave because he meant no harm and was obviously drunk; he just sat there talking to us while we ate... awkwarrrrd.  We kept trying to flag down the server to get our tab so we could bounce out but she never looked our direction when she was visiting the other tables.  We left as quickly as possible.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,2/1/2012,362,221,3,8,4>Whitey's Auto Repair is a fantastic example of what every auto repair shop should be.Scott the owner is is awesome. He is helpful & will do what needs to be done to help you out. I've had an oil change & my serpentine belt replaced. The price was fantastic & it was done really fast.I am so happy that I have a trustworthy place in my neighborhood that I can take my clunker to. :)You should call Whitey's Auto if you ever need a mechanic, so you don't have to take your chances with some of the shady shops we all know are out there.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,1/31/2012,175,392,6,12,6>So some great Puerto Rican friends of ours told us about this local spot with authentic Puerto Rican food. With my wife being Puerto Rican, she's always looking for food like back at home. The restaurant was the perfect little cafe type restaurant. They had all of the PR favorites on the menu like Pernil, Mofongo, Chuletas (fried pork chops) and many other PR treats. I ordered the fried pork chops with arroz con gondulez (pigeon peas). It was perfect, couldn't have been better. My wife went with the Pernil with rice and beans. The pernil ranked up there with some of the best I've ever had! I also got a chance to try to the mofongo, which was amazing as well. All total, I think our bill was just over $20. This is how you run a small local restaurant. The owner even allows you to use the place as a meeting spot at night. You can't bring in our own food and drink but he doesn't charge you to use the restaurant. He only asks that 35 plates be purchased, which is not much. What a great idea for a family get together, domino tournament or any other reason to get a large group of people together for good food. Two huge thumbs up for El Nuyorican!!!!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,1/30/2012,643,475,11,12,12>Anybody that doesn't give this place 5 stars has to have their head examined. We brought some out of town visitors to the McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park the other night and had a blast. I think we spent $14 for the whole evening for 4 adults and 1 toddler.The holiday lights were fanciful and magical as you take the ten minute train ride. Breaking from the tradition of the typical rigid play by the rules entity, the Railroad Park employees actually started the train runs EARLIER than scheduled since there was such a large crowd waiting for the train. Yes, we waited for an hour to take our turn, but all of the life sized animated characters kept all the little ones mesmerized. Our little one was especially in love with the Polar Bear. She made several visits to the Bear but also gave some love to Tigger, Winnie the Pooh, Cookie Monster, Oscar, etc. Santa was there as well, but we decided to wait a couple of days to see him again.We even rode the Carousel and laughed the whole way through the ride. Even the souvenirs such as the flashing toys were reasonably priced at $4 a piece. I also scored a perfect parking spot in the front row where we were in and out (in-n-out was the next stop) with no problem.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,1/29/2012,742,648,6,14,9>Well once again I'm the last one to the party. Beckett's Table has been buzzing away since opening in the old That's Italiano space late last year. I've tried so many times to get in but for whatever reason or another didn't make it. Well finally made it in and I have to say, I wish I hadn't been so damn fashionably late. A couple of notable thing, the space is killer, rustic-industrial and second, the waiters are hot, especially our beefy ginger waiter Scott, Sam, hmm, maybe Bill? Anyway I can't remember his name but what I do remember was his attention to detail and service. Looking around you can see that all the servers were attentive and helpful to all their guests. I'm just a sucker for a beard, I mean great service. In case you're wondering who Beckett is, the name refers to local Chef Justin Beckett. The man has got some chops and has nothing to hide in his open kitchen. I love open kitchens, I think its an honest way of sharing how clean and organized a well lubed kitchen works, in other words the orders slid in and out with total ease. The menu is made up mainly of meat + starch with a few flare items that while are mostly comforting, shows the levels of sophistication, especially for a neighborhood kind of restaurant. At first glance the Country Paté ($12) seemed to be overwhelmed with way to many accompaniments. I'm a mustard and bread only kind of guy, but after trying each delicate bite with a different topping it all made sense. Each component is representative of a different tasting experience. Vinegary whole grain mustard is completely different than sun dried tomato making for an interesting and interactive experience. Another surprise appetizer was the Creamy Grits & Schreiner's Sausage Trio ($9). I generally avoid grits simply because I've never really had them made well, though Beckett's version is as advertised, creamy and delicious. You can never go wrong with Schreiner's sausages, simply the best as far as I'm concerned. The only real let down was the Grilled Cheese ($9) served with bacon, four cheeses and roasted red pepper tomato soup. Every component was good except that main one, the bread, which was dry and not very tasty which made the entire dish unravel. Entrees were meat-centric starting with the oh-so-tender Osso Buco ($18). A pork shank braised in its own fat was melting tender, served atop butternut spaetzle and pepper reduction. The braising continues with fork tender Short Ribs ($19) that were big and beefier in flavor thanks to a red wine and herb reduction.What's a great way to round of such a rich meal? How about a slab of Fig and Pecan Pie ($6)? The sweetness really cuts through the richness from so many savory items. If you're still in the mood for unique, try the hands on Chocolate Dipped Bacon S'mores ($6). Yes, you read it right, slices of thick cut bacon that have been enrobed in chocolate. Once over the novelty, you realize that it's far too messy to finish.I think the party at Beckett's is only getting started.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,1/28/2012,380,36,28,7,11>unPHOgettable is quite PHOnomenalFor being Asian, service is remarkableGet filled up for less than ga$ in your abdominalNo MSG, no trans-fat makes it responsibleSummer rolls and pork taste so verrry nice Add some Sriracha and chili for that extra spiceOh! Love me long time, I need more rice!If ya don't have yellow fever, you'll be enticedEven my round-eye BF began to slantClapping his hands in a chantTried ordering more, though his pants can'tCalm down cracker, no need to take a chanceOn a food coma, me want some late night romanceBeing Vietnamese, I'm keeping it PHO-realEat here for an authentic PHO-bulous mealSituated next to an Asian market For that trustworthy PHO-king feelPHO-shizzle, PHO-sho, this ain't no faux-Pho
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,1/27/2012,411,271,11,13,13>I love shoes - high heels, flip flops, and everything in between.  I can't decide if it is an addiction or an obsession.  Maybe both?  In fact, I used to have a separate room for my shoes.  No, I am not kidding.Recently I noticed a few of my favorite pairs were looking a bit worn and in need of some TLC.  Hey, don't we all feel that way sometimes?  Fortunately, Ariel's Shoe Repair was able to give my sad shoes exactly what they needed!  Ariel's is like a spa for footwear.  On two occasions I brought in pairs that I doubted could be helped and came back to shoes that were refreshed and revitalized.  Amazing!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,9/14/2011,288,347,5,12,10>So I admit I am a food network junkie and I honestly only went to this place because I saw it on best I ever ate fried chicken episode but come on best I ever ate fried chicken in Phoenix I had to see for myself.  Well Mrs. White backed it up with some amazing chicken and I don't know what previous reviewers were talking about with the sides because my grandma from North Carolina was in town and her and I both liked the red beans and macaroni salad.  The staff was friendly and even sent me home with two extra pieces of chicken for later.  This place is awesome and I will for sure be a repeat customer.Also whoever said KFC has chicken as good and it's cheaper well keep going back to KFC and stay outta places like this cause you don't belong.  Just sayin'.  KFC aint got nothin on Mrs. White.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,9/13/2011,892,390,9,12,9>Proof that great things come in small packages :)Matt's Big Breakfast is SMALL, lol!The local organic coffee that they serve is awesome & I have to drink it even when I'm melting outside. My must have, by far though, is the honey lemonade.... oh yeah! Everything they make is fresh, organic & delicious. I had the breakfast special. I have to say that the eggs tasted a bit different to me, but maybe it's because I've rarely had REAL eggs before, lol. I'm used to the thin shelled, mass produced, break up a bunch & keep them in a container till someone orders something with eggs in it kind of taste. They don't even crack them open until they are making your order. Cage free eggs from happy well fed chickens is the way to go :)The only con I have to point out is the waiting line if you don't get yourself down there early enough. Especially in this heat! My friend decided that we should, but if her makeup started melting off we'd have to find somewhere else for breakfast, lol. Fortunately, we were called in just on time!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,9/12/2011,156,321,15,19,21>I should have knelt and prayed before I sat but there was a candle burning to indicate the special solemnity of the occasion. I decided to take the kids here to test their pallets. A glass of red and their finest meal.The building is a perfect fusion of historic red Phoenix brick and Aaron Chamberlin modernism transformation. Our waiter Taylor was very attentive, pleasant and helpful. I believe we shall see him someday on Master Chief or possibly working his oven in chief whites.For me, Truchard Pinot. Napa Valley, 13/48. A dry medium body with a plush finish, or what I would simply describe as "The Blood of Christ." With that came the prime hanger steak, whipped potatoes, farm vegetables, pine nut lemon relish and a wine sauce, 24. This meat has an intense flavor making it an ideal choice. The seasonal vegetables were excellent and the saucy spectacle accessorizing this steak vanished quickly.My daughter had the roasted salmon, red quinoa, avocado, soy beans, radish, with sweet chili vinaigrette, 22. She loved everything but the quinoa. I took a few bites of the edible seed and loved it. It actually looked like purple rice and taste like cereal.The oldest boy got the heirloom tomato and cumber salad, peppers, red onions, zinfandel wine vinaigrette [no wonder he loved his salad], goat cheese which he said "what's that" and the pine nuts, 10. He couldn't do the yellow tomatoes ether, I loved them.And the baby got the free hamburger. It was shockingly huge. I had to cut it in half. Came with fries, so yum! I believe, in this communal house even Deus would simply say "Divine."
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,9/11/2011,480,556,11,13,11>I have no doubt that Brad and Kat could put just about anything on a hotdog wrap it in the wonderful flatbread and it would be absolutely amazing! While I usually don't stray far from the Aiko (fresh diced mango, cilantro, onions, jalapeños on a beer hot), I have become quite fond of their Corn Pups (corn dog with spicy jalapeño cheese inside).  Recently tempted to try something new here while reading their Specials board I was drawn in by a hotdog topped with blackeye peas, onions, green chile, old fashioned english cheddar and crumbled Fritos corn chips.  FRITOS...*drool*...I couldn't decide! Seeing my dilemma, and not being too busy at the moment, they offered to do half of each the Aiko and this daily special.  Needless to say I was yet again BLOWN AWAY with Short Leash's delicious creation.Don't doubt the Masters!  Brad and Kat know their stuff!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,9/10/2011,247,155,7,17,11>Delicious! The Hey Joe Special is comprised of perfectly tender and moist chicken (served on the bone, slightly awkward/messy but really really perfectly done), beautifully seasoned pork, and lumpia for $8, along with a pinch of salad and a healthy scoop of rice for the sides. The lumpia were (was? i don't know Filipino food) crispy and savory - I'm glad I splashed the sweet/spicy sauce Brian recommended on them. The pork had an intriguing citrus flavor which I loved. The Hey Joe truck will be at 18th Ave & Deer Valley on Mondays from 11-1 for the foreseeable future (your best way to find them is to follow them at twitter.com/heyjoetruck), and I will be there w/ an appetite.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,9/9/2011,189,498,7,10,10>Jim W was in town and that was all the reason needed to party, well at least have dinner.  Heather C and Ryan C also were able to show up.  This was my first visit here.  I arrived last and there were chips, guacamole (thanks Ryan) and several salsas already on the table.  About half way through the second basket of chips we placed our orders.  Most of the table got tacos and I got the Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken Quesa.  I also ordered the Horchata which was very tasty with the addition of nuts and fruit but when done left a pile of stuff in the bottom.  The Quesa was delicious, quite filling and actually made two meals for me.  Just a note: mole does not do any better in a microwave on high than gravy, but it still tasted fine.  Service was fine and she split the checks after she had already given us a single one.  We were dining fairly early but as the evening wore on it got pretty busy on a Thursday even with a major Haboob going on.  Definitely a place worth checking out!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,9/8/2011,2178,528,24,23,21>Pork Belly. Smoked Salmon and Creme Fraiche. It's like Paula Deen and Wolfgang Puck got together, downed a bottle of Pinot, made culinary love and "wa la"..this is their baby. A thin crust with the freshest ingredients. I must say y'all...(for the Paula) fans...it was fabulous. And "BAM" for the Wolfie fans as I am craving this as I review. We walked into Brick on a slow Sunday evening. Didn't expect a big crowd as it was the holiday weekend. We bucked up to the bar (that's how I roll) and had immediate and friendly service from Santos.My friend Kirk raved about the tuna tartare and he was spot on Mary. Served in a chilled martini glass with lightly cinnamon dusted fried won tons. This was a crunchy, fresh, delicious culinary experience. I even added it to my Oprah grateful journal. The "corn cakes" (more like pancakes) with more silky smoked salmon were good. Hard to follow heaven in a glass. I cannot for the life of me remember the third appetizer. Hmm...is that not a good sign?I know I sipped a bit of Kirk's Spritzer. Yep. Spritzer my gays and friend of gays. But this wasn't your mama's spritzer. This had Hendrick's Gin and it was fabulous! Undeniably named after all the brick walls, Brick also had a modern, fresh feel. When I think of Brick I think of lick. As in finger lickin' good. Can't wait to return!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,9/7/2011,121,311,6,9,7>Tacos De Juarez has been on my to-do list for awhile.  A few Sundays ago, my friend and I wanted to get something within walking distance of my place so we decided to finally check it out.  Lets just say this:  I had both lunch and dinner at Tacos De Juarez that day.The red salsa is awesome.  The cheesiness of it all is heavenly.Just talking about it makes me want to enjoy some right this minute.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,9/6/2011,281,171,5,7,5>If you don't like La Tolteca, just go to Taco Bell for the rest of your life, because you obviously don't enjoy food. Your eating privileges should be revoked, in fact.  THIS IS MY FAVORITE Mexican place in the ENTIRE COUNTRY, and if you look through my reviews, it's quite obvious that Mexican food is my #1 reason to live. The menu selection is HUGE. My favorites are: The Shrimp Tacos.. SO GOOD. Big hot corn tortillas, with gigantic grilled spicy shrimp, red & green bell pepper, and onions. Their Chile Rellenos are simply the best I've ever had.. They are egg dipped, stuffed with perfectly melted cheese, and the peppers are huge, spicy and ROASTED. *dies* YES. None of that soggy baby food tasting relleno you may find elsewhere. This is the real deal! Papas taco is great, Elotes are awesome, etc etc.. The only let down has been the Fish taco.. it's just kinda dull.. but why eat that when there are the OMFG FALL OVER SO GOOD shrimp tacos. Also the environment is unique, festive, and cheery, and the staff are great too.. the owner is a doll.. I just love her :D Before I forget.. THE SALSA BAR.. Absolutely the best salsa in Phoenix, and if you can't deal with heat, then go cry about it somewhere else.. There are several types and styles ranging from mild to BURN YER TONGUE OFF, and there are also roasted chiles and that marinated trio of carrots, cauliflour and something else I can't remember right now :P  I'm not even going to start about the desserts, cuz they speak for themselves..
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,9/5/2011,300,261,6,16,11>Lets start with the drinks, shall we. After all, it was "miss katie's pimms cup" that lured me here, being vegan, food choice has become an after thought. My drink, miss katie's pimms cup (pimm's #1, ketel one vodka, muddled cucumber, ginger and sprite) was amazing. So refreshing, not too sweet, subtlety of cucumber and ginger, I could have drank these all night and it would have been worthy of 5 stars, but a girls gotta eat!After I read the menu, and not only saw but smelled the delicious food coming out of the kitchen, I actually felt guilty for being Vegan. I too wanted to enjoy one of those mouthwatering meals. However, Chef Justin had no qualms about catering to my needs. I was informed he was preparing something special for me. I do Love surprises. It was quite a treat to have something so artfully presented to me. (see pics) Not only was my dish Beautiful it was Delicious! It tasted of the same care that the signature dishes on the menu were made of. It really says a lot about Chef Justins level of customer care that he went out of his way to prepare me something that was not just a bunch of sides thrown together on a plate. It was a well thought out dish from presentation to flavors. It was my pleasure to meet Chef Justin last night  and I can't thank him enough. My husband had the Short Ribs (see pics), which he'll attest, were amazing, as well as the Fig and Pecan Pie (darn, no pic) that blew him away. All put together with stellar service form Cort our server, it was a Wonderful evening that we will look forward to enjoying again and again.P.S.I hear they will be adding  daily Vegan/Vegetarian/GF options to their menu by the new year. I cannot wait!
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,2/15/2012,188,280,6,5,5>Tiny tacos. Delicious, delicious tiny tacos. That's all you need to know! We were starved for food, and Mexican sounded amazing. A quick Yearch (Yelp search, eh? Eh?) brought this place up...right down the street! Sold!Our server was super friendly and knowledgable about the menu, if not a *little* absent. It's a good thing we weren't in a rush. We passed the time by watching the Denver Tebows implode so all was well. I opted for the 2 taco meal, where you chose from a list of about 15 types of street tacos and rice and beans. I love that you get the option of corn or flour tortillas and black or refried beans. I got a mixed veggie taco and a Pappas con Queso taco. Both were delicious and the black beans were super tasty as well. The regular salsa was pretty standard (but good) and the tomatilla salsa was smoky perfection. (Chips and salsa don't come automatically--but are free if you ask!)All in all, I'm SO glad I know about Cien Agaves! It wil become a staple!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,2/14/2012,320,428,,7,8>Some welcome color to a pretty corporate part of town.  It is not your typical ethnic restaurant full of provincial kitsch.  While it does have a lot of the Peruvian classics it is pulled off with a modern and fresh flair.  The price point is a little high for lunch but the experience is unique enough to merit the added cost.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,2/13/2012,75,306,3,7,6>First of all I cant believe I haven't review Sierra Bonita yet. Our family loves this place! The buttermilk chicken is always a crowd pleaser so is their signature salad, so yum! The past Sunday I hosted a baby shower in their private rooms. PEOPLE LISTEN UP if you need an event space they do not charge a room fee or make you meet a minimum!!! AMAZING! Nate the owner, Maria the event coordinator and Michelle our waitress were all just fabulous! When I had a minor freak out that the linens were going to be tan and not white Maria pulled some strings and at no extra cost to me had white linens for my event! The food was fabulous, all the guests enjoyed their meals. We went during the brunch. And for 16 people with nonalcoholic drinks, tax AND tip my bill was only $280!! That's a damn deal folks!!! I encourage you to not only go here for dinner but host any party you might want some privacy and exceptional service! P.S. the private rooms are underground and your guests get to ride down via elevator, so it kinda makes it really cool!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/12/2012,348,195,5,10,10>Pupusa. Say that word 5 times fast. Then go get one from Salvadoreno! I am a big fan of Salvadoreno. Especially when it comes to their pupusas. Pupusas are cornmeal patties filled with meat and/or cheese, veggies, or even cactus flower. They are super delicious and filling to say the least. I have had Salvadoreno create "mini pupusas" for several parties that I have hosted and they have been a HIT with my friends. I know a lot of my friends are now pupusa fans because of Salvadoreno! Try a pupusa with a side of crema...yes, it will change your life!I have had a meal at their restaurant a few times as well and have not been disappointed once. The restaurant is more of a "quick meal" or cafe type of setting rather than a nice sit-down restaurant. I will keep this review nice and short because how else can you say how delicious something is?  I look forward to more pupusas in my life!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,2/11/2012,223,431,13,13,10>I went into this place weirdly expecting Pauly Shore to pop out exclaiming, "Welcome tuu the LUuving HuUt"  Please God no. When this was Supreme Master I knew I was in for a long wait and this is still the case, a party had to get their own menus they grew too impatient. Don't expect to be out of here in 45 minutes or under an hour for that matter.Vegetarian meals shouldn't be this hard to find and they are not, this is just another option to consider if you are on this side of town. I have found some items on the menu I can cross off, and some I will always make my regular rotation. Service is friendly but be sure to snatch your desserts before you hit the table, otherwise they will be gone by the time you finish your meal. Cheesecake is very popular and is frequently sold out. Just thought you should know that, before the vultures swarm.The Heaven Rice Rolls $4.00 are okay if you are a fan of the rice paper wrapping, although I did not like the cold, rubbery, not too flavorful texture. The peanut sauce was a compliment to every dish however, and could go on anything (it is supposed to come with a hoisin sauce). The Moo Shu Vegetables $6.95 came differently than how they are supposed to on the menu, it came wrapped tightly again with a rice paper instead of in a wheat Moo Shu skin. Not acceptable.The Sweet and Sour Divine $8.50 (rice separately white $1.00, brown $1.25) was delicious, a true vegan "junk food" delight. Soy protein, pineapple, carrots, and homemade S&S sauce which I thought they gave me a little too much of but that's okay. It looked like real chicken, tasted like real chicken, and although I have been a vegetarian for 8 years, it was reminiscent of the real thing and recreated that memory for me of eating some S&S Chicken. My mom who is not in anyway shape or form a vegan, was shocked by the taste of the dish (she was a butcher for many years).The Guru Curry $7.50 is made like a thin Thai curry so don't expect a thick Indian or Chinese curry. It is soupy but it is very good and is served with a crusty loaf of bread. It is composed of: curry, taro, carrots, potatoes, gluten, tofu.The small trick she offered us about their water is that they cut up a bunch of oranges and put it in the ice water. The Macadamia Carrot Cake $3.95 could have been better if it wasn't so dried out by the refrigerator. It was a delicious cake but they need to throw those out and replace them. With: coconut, carrots, turbinado, sugar, macadamia nuts, spices, coconut cream topping.Please men in the back who kept farting; I know vegans have a lot of fiber running through the digestive tract at an astronomical rate but farting in a full restaurant is in poor taste. Please excuse yourself and go to the bathroom and fart to your heart's content or take it outside. *Disclaimer-none of the people pictured were the purveyors of the gas.All items are 100% vegan, all entrees are under $10, all of their delicious organic juices, milks and teas are $3.50-5.00.  It gets busy on weekends and with the already long wait, prepare to wait or come early.Might be hard to pass up but it is right across from Chuy's, and right in the same parking lot as Desert Jade.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/10/2012,295,309,5,8,6>It's weird that that the reviews are so skewed for Capriottis Sandwich Shop. I have eaten here several times, and have enjoyed it each time. I think the thing that hurts them more than anything else is the "Best Sandwich In America" banner hanging out front. The sandwiches are really good... but best in America is a little far reaching.That being said... I usually get the "Bobby"... Thanksgiving on a bun! It's a pretty damn good sandwich... it you like thanksgiving dinner. The turkey is freshly made, as is the stuffing they put on the sandwich. I have also had the meatball sub... also very good. I like this place. And I am pretty sure you will like this place. Make sure you tell them you signed up for their "text message" program to get a free drink and chips on your first visit.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,2/9/2012,239,156,9,15,11>I have been a customer here for years. And in fact I like Karl's so much, that I purposely don't go here. That might sound odd, but I have a weakness for some things. One of those things are apple fritters and fortunately/unfortunately Karl's literally makes THE BEST apple fritters in the world. Not only are they super moist (but not mushy) and filled with loads of apple chunks on the inside, they are super crispy and lovingly covered with the perfect amount of glaze on the outside. Now add to this to the fact that they are the size of a adult human head and you can see why I need to avoid the place. I could eat one of these every single day of my life and not get tired of them! I have tried most of the more average bakery items at Karl's (the stuff you can get anywhere), but they have some items that are simply above and beyond what you find elsewhere and those are the things that make me come back time after time. 1) The Alligator - a huge flaky dough thing covered in nuts and a caramelized topping that makes you drool. It's big, so I take it to family events and there are never any leftovers. Poof. Gone. Ahhhh happy tummy. 2) The Apple Strudel - Karl's does the flaky puffed stuff proud and the filling is perfectly spiced. Another fabulous family meal treat! 3) The Season Fresh Fruit Tarts - Check out their FB page to see what the current offerings are and you won't be disappointed. There is a ton of fruity topping on these, so they have to be healthy right?!! 4) The Quiche - As the lovely Christina P. points out the crust at Karl's is really good. Great taste - perfect flaky bite - baked to just the right golden level. They usually have 2 or 3 fillings to pick from. Get there before lunch if you want to be guaranteed to find your favorite. Tip: this is another great thing to take to a brunch. Family owned. Non-chain. Great selection. Uber friendly staff. Co-workers and family have all benefited from my relationship with Karl's. Stop in and pick up a sweet treat... just please please please, leave me one apple fritter! : )
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,2/8/2012,1078,310,8,11,9>Giligans Bar is the spot you want to visit when you feel like partying in Old Town, but lay low at the same time. Girls, no need to break out the 5-inch heels or spend an hour getting ready to come here. Feel free to come COMFY. Giligans possesses all the benefits of a good dive, like cheaper booze, (in big bottles), comfortable atmosphere, jello shots, games, karaoke, beer pong, a midget bar, lots of funny drink specials(for cougars and people with a breathalyzer in their car)  and an interesting crowd, but it's not a scary dive like the ones filled with Hells Angel bikers. Good happy hour specials too- lots of munches for 3 dollar which include taquitos, fried pizza rolls, and fried zucchini. Tip- don't drink & drive!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,2/7/2012,121,311,4,6,7>To say the least, Turf has grown on me. I used to turn my nose up when people suggested going to Turf, but now I embrace it fully. I was really upset about the glitter floors for a long time, but maybe I've grown up enough that something so trivial doesn't factor into whether I like a place or not. Being an adult is awesome.Turf is what downtown needs more of: an unassuming place with every drink you can think of. No crazy martini list (although the bartenders are talented enough to do so if you ask), great brews on draft, nice TVs to watch a sporting event on and a standard food menu. It is a nice sports bar, with a more controlled level of douche than your other options in CenPho. They have random music and other events, which I should probably pay more attention to. The waitstaff has always been friendly- and service can't be too bad because I always leave inebriated. Finally, ask Tyler for the Spike Lee Press. You're welcome.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,2/6/2012,447,457,7,11,11>One year, by matter of coincidence, I was in Bobby D's for a drink after work on St. Patrick's day and I couldn't help but notice the steady stream of neighborhood folk coming in for take out corned beef and cabbage. This year, I enlisted a coworker to accompany me and bear witness to the fact that it was NOT a liquid lunch so I could see what the fuss was about! (It is a workday, after all!) For $7.95 you get a platter full of well-seasoned, fork-tender corned beef, at least a quarter of a boiled cabbage, cooked carrots and potatoes. A small plate featuring creamy horseradish, horseradish and spicy mustard was delivered with our meal. Corned beef sliders were another option ($5.95), although we took the traditional route. While the flavor on the corned beef was excellent (we detected a hint of cinnamon), the veggies lacked seasoning. Other fun facts about what you can find at Bobby D's: ~ Lots of neighborhood peeps sportin' their green on St. Patty's ~ TVs -- I got to watch a little of the NCAA tournament during lunch! ~ $1 vodka soaked gummy bears (an interesting novelty in which I did not indulge)
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,5/30/2013,161,232,8,8,8>Picture this...3 $1 bills (which may or may not be from a bet I lost (or won) at the strip club)...an affinity...a propensity...nay, a proclivity! for Irish Car Bombs and a menu that says 'CAR BOMBS: ALWAYS $3'.Those 3 words, squiggly symbol and numeral made me squeal and giggle with glee. The music they were playing was also very appeasing.Monday night, Hubzilla and I were looking for ADVENTURE!, completely exhausted with the usual suspects that we pick up for take out, we headed down to the college town affectionately known as "Tempe" and whipped out the handy dandy Yelp App.  Up jumps "Cornish Pasty Company" at the top of the list.  Eventually we found it tucked into the back of a strip mall (weirdly unexpected location...but sooooo glad we didn't turn away).  Down to brass tacks:The menu has a bunch of stuff on it, yummy-sounding stuff, inexpensive stuff...After a brief conference with our server (and a couple of car bombs to lubricate our speaking skills) we decided to split The Oggie and The Peppered Steak.  The Oggie was the favorite because once you added that red wine gravy to it, the flavors just kinda...pop. The Peppered Steak, by default, was the 2nd favorite, but was also very yummy. I just wish that the peppercorn brandy cream sauce that came with it wasn't cold. Some people really like that, I guess, but I'm a warm-to-room-temperature-or-hotter saucy kinda chick. Next time, I look forward to tackling their delicious sounding dessert menu (they have creme anglaise!!!). I REALLY look forward to going back (soon) to try more pasties!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/29/2013,228,749,8,13,10>I came here for a Saturday night dinner with V and L.  V and I had a hard time locating the place.  We drove around the corner not knowing the place was inside the plaza so you can't see if from the parking lot.  HA!  We loved the feel to the place.  It is small but just cute!  The server was totally helpful and funny.  We ordered:La Classique Tartes Flambees - crème fraîche, onions, bacon, cheese:  YUM!Notre-dame Wood Oven Pizza - prosciutto, mozzarella, tomatoes, onions, crème fraîche, pesto:  Pretty good!Chicken, Bacon, Mozzarella Pizza: WHOA, greatness!!!Dessert:Crêpe hot chocolate:  NEED TO GETCrème brulee chocolate flavored:  GOODNESSCrêpe nutella:  Was good, but the hot chocolate kicked butt!!!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/28/2013,1992,234,29,26,22>The story of two hippies and finally, a great idea.In a land filled with broken dreams and grumbling tummies, two hippies met while attending a Phish concert. Recognizing each other as hippies by their standard issue, Grateful Dead t-shirts, big daddy; as he preferred to be called, introduced himself to Little "T". In this moment, the clouds parted while angels played their harpsichords and trumpets from a Farmhouse. "Hey, you like burgers?" Little "T" asked big daddy. "Hhhehheehee, of course. You ever seen the northern lights?" asked big daddy.... fast forward seven years ...  Little "T" finally had a great idea. "Hey big daddy, wouldn't it be cool if there was a burger shop where all the hungry people could come and eat a burger, fries, and a drink for just a dollar?" "No way man, burgers are like heaven and people would pay like, $10 for an awesome burger, fries, and a drink." he replied.After years of debating and three failed marriages between the both of them, "T" and daddy settled on $5 as a great price for burger, fries and a drink. Today, you can find this $5 meal in Central Phoenix 365 days a year, except Sundays, holidays, between the hours of 8pm and 11am, or from 4:20 to 4:21 -- hippies gotta sleep; and, you know... ;-)Stop in for lunch one day (or dinner), order up their daily special, their house bacon cheese burger, or even a hot dog. While considering your options, browse the toppings list such as, fresh jalapenos, roasted hatch chili, caramelized onions, onion rings, house made habanero ketchup, and more. Side note to all you spicy food extraordinaires, the habanero ketchup is down-right fantastic. In fact, I think this ketchup steals the show. While greasy burger spots aren't on the normal "bucket list", if you love spicy food and in some weird way make a list of all the places you wish you could try before you die, you NEED to add this to the list. I almost wish I could buy a batch of this stuff to take home - OMG that was spicy!Oh, the burger and steak cut fries aint bad either ;-) I ordered the bacon cheese burger, sans the tomato, add jalapenos and a side of that delish house made habanero ketchup. It was a burger like none other I've had!Happy Yelping Phoenix!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,5/27/2013,58,88,9,11,5>I feel like part of a new secret club after discovering this tasty little hot spot.  It's even spelled homous (not hummus), so you know you've hit the authentic homous jackpot here. (say it with me... hhhhhhooomuuuus)I went on a date here, he picked the place.   Bonus points to him!   If you do go on a date here, or if you generally want to speak to anyone after eating here, you may want to pack a toothbrush and mouthwash.  Hellooooo garlic!!!      Don't get me wrong, I love me some garlic, but consider yourself forewarned!!    That goodnight kiss could turn evil real quick, so if you want a second or third date, pack your breathmints!  =) We split a plate for 2 which was the beef, lamb and chicken.  We both thought we just ordered the beef and chicken, so the lamb was a little bonus.  And I'm glad, because the chicken and the lamb were definitely the best!   While the order says it's for 2 - it's actually probably a portion for 4 - 5 people.   We ate until full and then took two to-go boxes.  I ate it for lunch and dinner the next day.  I'm STILL oozing garlic from my pores. The saffron rice was delish.   Servers were non-invasive, but still attentive and friendly.  Loved the neighborhood vibe here - people walked in and were obviously regulars, there was a big birthday party going on, overall just a nice, relaxed vibe.  Great for a date or for families.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,5/26/2013,97,202,4,10,7>I was stoked to try this new authentic Lebanese restaurant in North Scottsdale! I haven't had good, let alone great, Lebanese food in eons since I left Pittsburgh, PA, in 1990! (Okay, just once in all that time, and it was in Montreal (the same folks who catered Celine Dion's wedding)! A little too far to visit on a regular basis.)  Now, I have found my go-to place when I crave all my favorite  Lebanese goodies - like hummus, babaganoush, stuffed grape leaves . . . and the choices go on!Originally, we were just ordering take-out, but the owners, two of three brothers, were there and offered us some samples of their dishes. I was blown away by the smoky, flavorful babaganoush. It was not pureed to pieces so you could still enjoy the texture of the eggplant as well. My husband wolfed down the roasted red pepper hummus and was smacking his lips the entire time -- best he ever tasted. I am always up for trying something new, and we received a small dish of Majadara which is steamed lentils and cracked wheat mixed with onions, a Lebanese traditional dish that I never tried or even heard of before. Mmmm, it was delicious . . . lovely texture, seasoned just right . . . a perfect combination of protein and carbs . . . great as a meal on its own for lunch!  We chatted for quite a while with owners Tater and Mohammed, asked about how they got into the restaurant business, how they arrived in Scottsdale, and learned more about their chef, who is also a butcher and does his own meat! They were all so friendly and really excited about bringing their family recipes and homemade Lebanese to Scottsdale. Our take-out was ready! We ordered the original hummus, baba, fried eggplant, grape leaves with meat and rice, and the mixed grill. I was so full from the samplings, I had to wait a couple hours before I could begin to take a bite of the food we brought home! The hummus is creamy and no overwhelmed by the taste of tahini. A little bit of olive oil drizzled in the mix as they advised at the restaurant made it simply divine.  I don't even need the pita . . . I could just eat this by the spoonful, along with the baba as noted above.  The fried eggplant was a surprise. I guess I was expecting something like fried zucchini, with breading, but instead this was more like sauteed with lemon garlic sauce. Yum! The grape leaves were tightly rolled, like little cigars, and served hot! I haven't had grape leaves with meat in them in a very long time . . . and maybe not ever in Scottsdale. They were the creme de la creme in my experience, just as I remembered those 20 years ago in Pittsburgh.  It was quite funny because my husband only knows grape leaves as "dolmades" which is Greek. When he ordered, the self-proclaimed "white" girl behind the counter taking our order didn't have a clue what it was he was ordering. Anyway, no where on the menu was the word dolmades, only grape leaves . . . guess you had to be there for the looks on both their faces.The Mixed Grill was a savory, well-seasoned, very tender mix of Kabob, Kafta and Tawook, served with various veggies over rice. It came with a side salad . . . which as of last night, we were both too tired and full to dig into, so maybe later.The Kafta was extraordinary! And I am not a meat eater by any means. My husband dug all the way in and polished off everything, except some of the rice which surely he will gobble up today!Before we left the restaurant, Temar gave us a couple pieces of baklava to satisfy our sweet teeth! And as we were already out the door, the very friendly chef came running after us to give us a little taste of the kabob meat he just cooked up! Oh we were so happy . . . and in such a food coma!  Tummy full, nap now!Without a doubt, we will be back to The Mediterranean Grill.  I only wish we lived close enough to take advantage of their 5-mile delivery option. Truly a very pleasant, satisfying foodie experience! Try it, you'll love it!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,5/25/2013,398,837,5,8,6>I'm always on the hunt for a good scrapbook store, and I've had this place bookmarked for quite some time.  I admit, I haven't been scrapping much, but with the holidays here, I figured it was time to get caught up on some of it, so I finally made it out here.The place is nice, and I really liked it.  The front half is scrapbooking product, and the back half of the store is a lab area. I should also mention that they do pottery stuff here too!  I checked out their pottery stuff, and they have a nice selection of product on the shelf to choose from.  They have a lab for pottery and a seperate lab for scrapbooking, so technically, they can do both things at once, which I like.  (this means that if their holding a pottery class, I can scrap in the other room. It also means that you don' t have to worry about getting your scrap stuff messed up because someones splashing paint everywhere.)The ladies here are really nice and helpful, and I struck up a conversation with both when I was here.  Really helpful and knowledgeable.  They have a great selection of paper, products, ribbon, and a bunch of other stuff to.  I also liked that they have a lab for $5..or, if you spend $5 in product, the lab fee is waived! I like that because some stores charge you $5 regardless if you buy stuff or not. Look, I'm going to spend money here anyways, and five dollars isn't going to kill me, but its nice to know that I'm actually getting work done and have a space to do it in.They hold late nighters here regularly, and the lady invited me to do one this Friday. I was going to sign up, but I did not because I don't think I have enough scrapping to do to validate doing a late nighter at this time.  (this is what happens when you get caught up on everything.)In closing, one of the better stores in town, and I really enjoying my time here.  I will say, that they didn't have a big dye cut machine like some of the other stores, or a big paper cutter either.  The only thing that I think they could improve on is putting garbage buckets on the table for scraps because when I was scrapping there, there wasn't a garbage pail on the table. Yes, I know, its not the end of the world, but thats the only thing.I will be back in the future, and its nice to find a great friendly store not far from me.  Thank you to the ladies at this store!!!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,5/24/2013,497,129,8,14,8>After another jaunt to the VA Clinic in Anthem, my family and I were looking for a good breakfast place (fasting is NEVER fun).What to do? I know...TO THE YELP-MOBILE!!!Two Brothers Kitchen is a relatively new breakfast place located in Anthem. Not only are they a local place, but their food is all organic. On the front of their menu, they go into great detail regarding their amazing commitment to keeping things local. By using local farms and farmers, their products are guaranteed to be organic and free of pesticides and hormones yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0….When they say they're organic, they're really not kidding. EVERYTHING on their menu rings true to their theme. I, having not yet looked at the menu, made the mistake of asking for a Diet Coke. They informed me that they had a soda by the name of "Virgil's" yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0…. I was not familiar with the name up to this point. Personally, I wasn't a HUGE fan of the organic soda, though I certainly appreciate their authenticity yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0….Turns out, the soda was the only real drawback to the meal, in my opinion. The meals we each ordered were delicious. Granted, being organic and local, they were slightly more expensive than you'd see at a chain restaurant. But, with that increased price came INCREDIBLE portions!As an example, my wife ordered whole grain banana pancakes as a side to her actual meal. In hindsight, this was a delicious mistake. The pancakes were as big as frisbees! I know the picture doesn't do them justice as there's no real point of comparison, but trust me...they're gargantuan. As a matter of fact, I've been secretly munching on the leftovers from these pancakes throughout this review!My daughter ordered off of their kids' menu yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0…. Again, the portions here were completely unnecessary...yet, strangely necessary. Of course, my daughter couldn't finish the entire thing, though she did enjoy every bite she took yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0….I ordered an impeccable meat lovers egg white omelet yelp.com/biz_photos/bWL0…. The only downside to this particular order was that it cost an extra $1.00 for egg whites only. Other than that, this was one of the best omelets I've ever eaten.To anybody in or around Anthem, this should absolutely be on your list of breakfast places to visit! Remember...shop local! Two Brothers Kitchen does...this is your opportunity to do the same!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,5/22/2013,83,49,7,8,9>This is my spot for carne asada when I want to make my boyfriends week and prepare taco stand on the bbq.  I called up a friend one Saturday when the craving hit, and asked him where the best spot to buy carne asada in Arcadia was.  The entire kitchen staff at the Vig told him Los Pinos, so I thought it must be so.  Then I went, and I knew it was so.  I haven't shopped anywhere else, but I have tried other friends and by comparison I don't think the meat is as good quality.  I buy my whole fiesta here, from the cheese (for taco stand Rocky Point style it's all about the Queso Chihuahua), guac when I'm lazy, hot sauce and salsa from the refrigerated case, and they also have a warm trunk of freshly made tortillas, and limes and cilantro in the small produce section.  They are so nice here, even though I took French in college and high school when I should have taken Spanish.  I have become such a regular here that they recognize me, and last time asked me why I never bring my kids with me.  Lol.  Do you allow dogs on a leash?
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/21/2013,425,213,3,11,7>There is a reason why this authentic pizzeria was lauded "Best New Restaurant" back in 2010 when it first opened.At Pomo, you are getting a truly authentic experience, with simple ingredients and a method of pizza making that has been in use for hundreds of years.From start to finish - from the photographs and murals of Italy on the walls, to the strong Italian accent of owner Stefano, to the Italian pop music piping through the speakers, to the open kitchen where you can see the home-made dough being levitated through the air, to the moment that pizza reaches your taste buds - all of your senses are engaged.What makes this pizza restaurant unique is the method in which the pizzas are prepared and fired.  Being fired at 950 degrees and cooked in a manner of minutes locks in the flavors and aromas of the ingredients.  The crust is soft, this being the nature of a true Napoletana Pizza. I feasted on the special that day, a white tartufo (truffle) pizza with fresh Parmesan and arugula.  The thin and gooey center, with the blistered soft crust made it an easy pizza to eat - the flavors from the simple ingredients were extraordinary.Upon reading further about the art of Napoletana pizzas, I discovered that there is an entire organization, the APN (Associazione Pizzaiuoli Napole- tani) that certifies restaurants for this type of pizza making.   According to their guidelines, the simple ingredients of flour, cheese, tomatoes and olive oil must come from Italy, and the pizza must be fired at precisely the right temperature.  Pomo is proud to announce that they are the only restaurant in town that has been certified.The average cost of a pizza is $15, and it is worth every dollar.   The menu boasts 16 different pizzas, ranging from the most basic Reghina Margherita (tomatoes, mozzarella, parmesan, and olive oil to the Capricciosa (mozzarella, tomatoes, artichoke hearts, mushrooms, and prosciutto).  Finish your meal with a sweet bite from the dessert menu to complete the experience.  I highly recommend the "Torta Nutella", a flourless chocolate hazelnut cake filled with Nutella.Overall, a truly wonderful and unique journey to Napoli.  Molto molto bene!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/20/2013,827,495,8,19,10>When you get tired of DJ's and electronic music and you're ready for some authentic music made by actual musicians, this is the place for you.The minute you walk in you realize that this isn't some honky tonk dive, this is a very dark, classy place, with a large bar and plenty of seating. The stage is well appointed and there's even an area next to the stage that looks to be a VIP lounge.This is the type of place that you would normally find in NYC, LA or Nashville, so its a great addition to Scottsdale. It reminds me of the type of place where you might have found Johnny Cash, Frank Sinatra, or George Jones taking the stage back in the day. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if this becomes the place where national musicians go to play a few unannounced sets when they are in town.Gotta say, in just one visit The Western has become my favorite new place in town.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,1/23/2011,121,311,4,10,8>I've had some varied experiences at Hula's so I've never sat down to write a review- I've never had a full meal, and it usually seems to be a place that I hit up on a night where I'm bar crawlin' all over CenPho.However, there are two specific experiences that made me feel compelled to write a review:1.  On a Sunday funday when I didn't really need another cocktail, I found myself here.  I asked for a recommendation and was told that the margarita is very popular.  I tried it and was not happy.  Without saying a word, I handed it back to my server.  He smiled at me and took it off the bill.  I'm glad he understood what needed to happen without me having to open my mouth.2.  Last Friday, I fell down and scraped the hell out of my knees.  Hula's was where I was heading, so despite the gushing blood, I went right ahead with my plans.  Although they didn't have any band-aids (I believe the manager put it on his to-do list), the hostess was SUPER awesome.  She sat me in a high top chair, helped me cover my wounded knees with square napkins and taped them up for me.So, yeah, in my mind, Hula's is pretty effin' solid.  I've heard they have a ton of veggie options, so I'm hoping to have a sit-down meal soon.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,1/22/2011,2178,528,29,32,28>Let's just say these people are sharp. I mean they really know how to cut to the chase and get the job done. I'll even take a stab at it and say they are the best in Phoenix. Serrated. Pairing. Steak. Filet. You name the knife, Pro Edge will sharpen and shine it for you. But don't. Really. Don't. Don't do your Anthony Perkins impersonation for them. Apparently they've seen it before. Thousands of times.Well. So, I've heard.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,1/21/2011,247,155,7,13,13>My first introduction to Ethopian food, and I can remember it like it was yesterday.  It's interesting and unusual, but nothing about it could be offensive.  It's just not *that* weird, despite how it looks and the way you eat it.  I don't know if I would recommend going for your first time w/out someone who's been before.  I wish it was served at a higher temperature and that the men's room had been stocked w/ paper towels, but otherwise I have no complaints and look forward to returning.  As a side note, the hummus here is excellent, and I would recommend starting with it if you're a little nervous about the whole idea.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,1/20/2011,300,261,7,13,12>It was my first time at the market, I spent the day there at Kids Korner Hanging out with Gabi decorating Yelp Bags. The kids booth is just as busy as any of the other vendors it was a lot of fun! I made a few laps and was really happy to see all the fresh produce and food items. I bought organic golden beets, tri-colored carrots, broccoli, butternut squash, meyer lemons, sweet potatoes, romaine and something that I don't even remember what it is ;-) at McClendons. I tried some amazing vegan tamales....SOLD! I'm not even vegan but they were delicious with corn, spinach and mushrooms. I had an equally delicious Raw Organic Vegan wrap from Chef Sarah's booth (not me) (see pics) It had Almond Hummus, Tapenade, and a bunch of veggies and greens all wrapped up in a collard green leaf. I also bought 3 loaves of bread from the Phoenicians IL Terrazzo. A Rosemary, A Pecan, Raisin and Currant and Ridiculously tasty Chocolate Cherry Sourdough which didn't even make it through the night! I topped it all off with a scoop of Love in the form of Basil Lime Sorbet from Sweet Republic. It was a great day and I will be back!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2010,1/19/2011,463,250,10,12,13>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food8 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueLove it.  The wines are good and they have drink specials ($5 glasses!) and the place looks great, and it's light railable!  The panini was good, not special, but the creme brule made me forget all about it.  And work.  And oil spills.  And life.  Thank god my body's innate intelligence didn't forget about breathing or bladder control.  Those stayed intact.And the bruschetta what what!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2010,1/18/2011,428,45,4,9,6>25 degrees + date night = great night. We tried out 25 degrees tonight and really looking forward to our next visit.We started out with some beers. It was a 1st for me trying out a Dirty Ho which is quite the funny name for a Guinness and Hoegarden beer (similar to a black and tan).  We were on our way to see a movie so unfortunately didn't have time for full dinner.  We tried out 2 appetizers and both were  amazing. The cheese and smoked meat board was really good. Definitely ask the really friendly staff for advice on selecting which cheeses you want as I had not even heard of some of the cheese options before.We also got the tuna and eggplant that sounded odd but wish we had time to order a 2nd plate. It was just that good.Next time we will try out the burgers as those sounded really good.  25 degrees is a must visit!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,1/17/2011,480,556,7,16,13>I had heard and read so many good reviews about the dim sum here that I decided to set up a little UYE and get some Yelpers together to try this place with me. They accepted my reservation for 10 and I was glad we came early on Sunday (11am) because this place filled up quick. The steam cart was positioned to serve us quickly as were other staff with plates of fried shrimp, baked buns and other delicacies. Our group was adventurous and we had dim sum experts and novices, we tried what seemed to be a little of everything. While I do not know the Chinese names for many of the dishes we tried, I can say we tried everything from Sticky Rice seasoned with pork and shrimp wrapped in Louts leaves, to a flavorful tripe dish and my dim sum favorite chicken feet. We also had tons of dumplings, and meat and veggies wrapped in rice noodles and bean curd. I left stuffed! The tea was the highlight of the meal, having both hot jasmine and the mixed black and chrysanthemum tea, it is what truly tied all these flavorful dishes together.  With all that food we averaged about $10 per person including tip. While I will give the food 3-3.5 stars I have to say that my experience here with my Fellow Yelpers was 5 stars!
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,1/16/2011,348,195,9,12,11>4.5 starsI had my first date with Jessica F here! It was supposed to be a big group (yeah you FLAKES) but it ended up being just her and I and we were treated like ROYALTY!Let me get some disclosure out of the way: Thomas was our server, and he is also a friend of mine. That being said, he was professional and courteous. He definitely had his "Top Notch Waiter" hat on that night. You probably wouldn't have been able to tell we are friends.We indulged in some of the wine specials for their happy hour. Each glass I had was only $6. We decided to try the escargot (nice and garlicky), the pate (delicious) and the frites (they were frites). The main event of the night for me was the Beef Bourguignon. Omigosh, friends! I dream of this dish to this very moment. The beef was perfectly cooked and the burgundy sauce was FANTASTIC. WHEW! Did it just get warm in here? I was so full and happy after that amazing meal!I will most certainly return to Sophie's in the hopes of giving them the 5 stars I'm sure they deserve!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,1/15/2011,391,180,10,23,16>YMMV (Your Massage May Vary) at Arizona School of Massage Therapy. Fortunately for me, my last 2 visits have resulted in a kick @$$ massage. All for the small price of $25. Sometimes you'll get a newer student masseuse who doesn't do it quite right, but a little coaching on adding more pressure should help you get your massage a bit back on track. YMMV also depending on what time of year you go. Right now, they are mostly veteran masseuses who have been doing it since August/September. Starting in March, they'll be getting a new class and the massages will get suckier. They do at least, offer buy 1 get 1 free massage coupons during the time when a new class starts, so keep an eye out for those.Overall, we love the place and get our cheapo massages here often.Note: This review is from a massage consumer perspective only, I am not reviewing the school's program itself.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/14/2011,106,104,13,18,14>Monday night was a big one for me.  First, after a weekend of cajoling and bartering and promises and pleas, my wife finally relented and allowed me to waste tons of money we don't have on two shiny new iPhones.  So we were at biltmore and were reeling from the precipitous drop in our financial resources and, like the good consumers we are, decided to ease the hurt of one bad decision by hurriedly taking on another one. So we went to zinburger.  I could fill a book with the rationalizations used to convince myself and others that the iPhone purchase was a sensible one, but for food, all we needed to know was that our son was hungry. Sooo.  We went here and I am thrilled we did because I have probably never had a more delightful burger ever.  The eponymous burger comes with manchego cheese, which always makes me long for Barcelona, and carmelized onions.  Oh, and the moistest, succulentest, tastiest patty ever.  It was falling apart out of sheer goodness.  The flavor was sublime. We also got a fruit plate for my son, The One, the Second Coming, and it was a fruit plate worthy of his amazingness.  It had apples, dates, oranges, pomegranates, bananas, caramel sauce... and not a melon in sight.  For $3!!My wife got the vegetarian burger and looked pleased with it.  Well she actually said she liked it.  It had a tomato marmalade on a black bean patty and after making her forfeit all she knew to be good and right just so I could have my phone, I didn't have the heart to ask for a bite. Really though, the food was phenomenal.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,12/16/2013,102,78,5,9,8>Watch out fellow Scottsdale pizza joints, P.O.M.O is baaaaack! 5 stars nuf said, we couldn't wait till TGIF as the plan was pizza perfection or bust tonite. The place was bustling and from my tip you know what's up when there's a 45min - 1hr wait at 6:30pm despite having what felt like a tripling of the previous square footage! Indeed the same high ceiling open kitchen welcomed us and the bling'd out almost floor to ceiling oven easily demands a double take. Families with kids or large groups can also enjoy the spacious outdoor patio equipped with chic flame lit tables and padded couch seating.Hands down, go big or go home, so we went with two of our faves and despite knowingly not having the capacity to finish both, we definitely wanted and needed to have leftovers...yah it's been thaaaat long. Can't go wrong with the margherita nor any prosciutto combo for that matter, so come one and come all, but don't go on the day that we go so we can have a no queue experience. Only disappointment was despite a full menu they haven't brought back the much loved charcuterie appetizer we were so fond of before. Net net you can still expect the same authentic imported ingredients, buffalo mozzarella and distinct tomato base sauce that culminates in the perfect bite. Or if ur greedy like my neighboring diners at the counter, they ordered 5 different toppings on one pie, which essentially gave you a different biteful each slice, a little overboard if you ask me...Lastly, upon leaving we peeped out the indoor mini market, which wasn't up and running yet so looking forward to see how that unfolds. Tonite was superb, servers were hectic but mgmt was on point and the oven kitchen staff was hollering Italian like crazy, however I received a warm and friendly "Purrrrrego" when I gave my two thumbs up after saying Grazzie to the chef so yes we'll be back in a flash!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,12/15/2013,2083,305,30,18,16>I really like the pedicure at Furama, and they're the only salon I let put glitter polish on my piggies.Sometimes their state of the art massage chairs alternate between goosing and squeezing my bum.Sometimes, when you order the callous removal, they grate a hole in your foot with that cheese grating tool, and sometimes they don't... but the pedicure is so good you'll be back.Their tagline should be: Furama Nails - So good, you wont care when we cheese-grate a hole into your foot.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,12/14/2013,353,125,10,10,10>I feel like I'm constantly on the hunt for new salons... it's like an unhealthy obsession of mine (kind of like Rand H. and his buffet chase, haha). Anyway, I hit gold today! Like Julie says, it's a one stop shop for EVERYTHING! Nails - check. Waxing - check. Hair - check. Clothes/accessories - check. Joy and Becky are dolls. They're very hospitable. I was probably whining about hungry I was (like always) and they brought me PIZZA AND WINE. Who does that at a salon? I was sold after that. I found them through DealChicken... the special was a hot stone pedicure (that feels amazing, by the way) and a shellac manicure... only $29. Then, I find out a shellac manicure is only $15 at this place! For all you female yelpers, you know you can't find a shellac manicure for anywhere under $25. It's also really nice to be able to speak to your nail tech in English, and she replies in perfect English... no  "$5.00 dollar more's" here! My nails and toes look absolutely fab, too. Repeat customer foreverrrrrrrrr.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,12/13/2013,330,151,6,12,10>I can't rave enough about Olive & Ivy. At the recommendation from my broker, my mother and I went out to celebrate my move to Scottsdale. We walked up and were in awe of the high ceilings, the open floor plan, marketplace area, and really modern decor. We had made a reservation and headed out to the patio. The patio is sectioned off in to two sections: one as more of a lounge with big chairs and couches, while the other is more dining-appropriate. As we were seated the overhead lightbulb strands lit up along the waterfront, I was in absolute heaven. If I had been nervous about my move, this little setting put me completely at ease.      Our waiter (which I shall call the Lord of all Waiters) came to bring us water and ask if we wanted anything to drink, we had both decided on Sangria, and he encouraged us to get a pitcher--I always enjoy an enabler. While he brought back our pitcher and delicious, but not Too sweet Sangria, we ordered the Artichoke heart appetizer. He even had this split for us so we didn't have to portion the starter ourselves. The hand grated Parmesan, Artichoke hearts and arugula were outstanding. Both my mother and I had already started commenting on the greatness of the flavor combinations.       The Lord of Waiters stopped by frequently, asking about my trip, checking on our waters, refilling our Sangria as it got low, talking about Downtown Scottsdale....he really knew how to make us feel special. He then brought us house-made pesto and bread; I could've eaten the pesto as a meal in and of itself it was so fresh.        Finally, our entrees came out. My mother got the Sweet Potato Cannelloni while I opted to try the Sea Bass. As I ate my snow peas, sea bass and grapefruit combo in absolute contentment, I caught myself humming along to The Notorious B.I.G. this is when the greatest waiter of all time told us they have a DJ every night that spins great mixes (which I can attest to, I was constantly saying "I love this song!")     To top off our extravagant meal, we had a scoop of Vanilla Bean gelato to split. The Vanilla Bean was upfront, not overpowering but just right. We couldn't have asked for a more perfect meal (or waiter). I can't wait to start getting visitors so I can take them here and show this place off!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,12/12/2013,204,61,6,16,13>Oh yes, Durant's!We have been coming to Durant's for dinner the last 4 or 5 years. Usually when we dine there it is on a Saturday night and it is usually fairly busy. I can honestly say not only have I had fantastic meals here, but, the service is always spot on. The decor is old school which I love. You really feel like you stepped back in time with the red booths and traditionally dressed waiters. I love walking through the kitchen to get to the maitre d. It is one of the few places in town where I love dressing up to dine out, as the atmosphere is totally conducive to that. (No worries if you want to go casual -it is my own personal preference when I dine at Durant's-something about the atmosphere makes me want to wear a dress.) :)I love their shrimp cocktail. It is fantastic. I am not even a steak eater anymore-I realize that is what they are known for but I love Durant's none-the-less. Their fish dishes are really good.I love their crudites when you are seated-there is something magical about their ranch dressing.I need to mention the bussers. I drink A LOT of water. Those guys and gals hustle-they are top notch. My water glass is never empty long and I appreciate that.  Nice wine list, and their wines are reasonably priced.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,12/11/2013,205,262,7,8,7>If it was not for my amazing fiancé (did someone just vomit in their mouth from my lovey-dovey comment?) I would have not found this place - and that makes me very sad. For Christmas I got a gift certificate for a Spa Mani/pedi at this place, which I did not use until May (don't judge me, my fiancé already did).Anyhoo, I finally make an appointment and show up to a genuinely warm welcome from Sharie and the other staff members. We talk about the game plan, pick out colors, I drop my purse off on the cute little purse stands they have, and she got started on my pedicure first. I may be able to count on one hand how many pedicures I have had, but this was THE BEST pedicure I have every had and feel like my previous pedicures should have lived up to this experience and all future ones better watch out. Not only did it include nail polish, but rose pedals were added to the water, I got a sea salt scrub, and a bomb massage that lasted almost until forever. So amazing on the rare occasion I get a pedicure, I will definitely be calling Sharie up!I have gotten two gel manicures from Sharie and they both have held up pretty well. Sharie pays attention to detail and knows that my nails don't last long in my profession so when it came time to picking out colors, she told me which ones will last the longest and I greatly appreciate that. Sharie (and well, all the ladies) are so nice and friendly. Its a small salon so everyone is kind of talking to everyone and it feels like a close-knit community, which is something you do not get in those uber cheap chop shop salons. The ONLY downside is the low occupancy this place has (3 pedi stations, 4 mani stations) and adding on a friend is almost impossible unless you make an appointment far in advance (which I suck at). As I said, I rarely get my nails done and when I do, I like to go with friends and its usually pretty last minute, which unfortunately, doesn't work with this nail boutique.  I highly recommend Polished for anyone that likes to keep regular appointments, loves amazing pedicures and enjoys quality without the price tag!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,12/10/2013,106,146,6,10,6>We attended the grand opening of Sit...Stay last night. Mostly because my toddler's new obsession is hot dogs and how could we not indulge her on National Hot Dog. Plus, we're big fans of Short Leash!I could write a novel about our experience (a good one!), but I'll try keep it short and to the point. Positive:- While service was on the slower side (totally understandable, it was packed!), the servers and owner were incredibly friendly, accommodating, and so gracious. They thanked us multiple times for coming out to support them and apologized beforehand for any bumps we may experience.- The menu! It took me a few minutes to realize they have a completely new additional menu available. While we stuck to the regular dog offerings this time, we'll be back to try some of the new items. - The food, of course. Normally I go for the Igby, but gave the Devil Dog a try instead. It was awesome! - They split our table's check no problem. We ordered four dogs, a kids dog, and a polkadot casserole (?) and our check was $51. Not bad. Obviously pricier than the truck, but we don't mind paying a little extra for the sides, ambiance (a/c!), full service, and bigger selection. - Design and location. It's super cute inside. You can tell they spent a lot of work making it reflect the Short Leash brand. Now I totally understand it was opening night and there would be a few wrinkles needing smoothing out. Here are a few of the minor bumps we experienced: - I asked for mushrooms to be subbed in place of the red peppers on my Devil Dog, but didn't receive either. They were swamped and I didn't want to be "that" person, plus the dog was pretty killer anyway so I let it go. No biggie! Next time I'll speak up if needed.- They forgot the chips with one of our kids dogs, but the owner had them out pronto when we asked about them. Again, nothing big! Though they were very apologetic, and we appreciated that.  - The macaroni and cheese was....different. The penne was really large and the cheese sauce was very....gummy? Processed? I'm not sure the word I'm looking for. It left a funky film on our teeth, and my daughter didn't eat more than a bite (when she normally loves homemade mac and cheese). Would love to see this improved!- The salad vinaigrette. The green salad that comes with the dogs was really underwhelming. The dressing was light but also pretty flavorless, which made my salad taste pretty "green". Nothing wrong with that, but I think a simple green salad should have a pretty flavorful dressing paired with it. All in all, it's been pretty awesome to witness Short Leash grow as it has over the last few years. The owners and staff have always been so great when working the trucks...they truly deserve this. Everyone was so excited to be there, and we were excited to be a part of it! We'll definitely be back soon.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,12/9/2013,242,266,6,11,8>It's one of the best cup of coffee in Phoenix, if not the best.   Their coffee is always fresh and DELISH.  They have some very tasty baked goods as well.  Their lemon bars are fantastic, sweetness with a lot of tartness = yumfest!  Sure, they seem to be busy all of the time but there is always room for a few more people.  The layout at Lux is surprisingly more spacious than what most people think.  This is a great place to meet up with some friends over some fantastic coffee and some goo eats!  Looking forward to seeing you there!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,12/8/2013,1078,310,6,11,10>OK, can I just say that this place actually exceeded all the hype I had heard? You may have driven by this gas station/ car wash/ market/ restaurant if you were in the WestWorld area, and not even know you were missing out on the best tacos ever.  Trust me, I'm Mexican, and my family ran a restaurant growing up so I KNOW GOOD TACOS. While BBQ tacos are not typical at your average taco stand, they are truly delicious. I mean juicy, and the perfect combination of sweet, salty, and spicy.  I had heard it was really nice inside, and I was still pretty taken back when I walked in.  The dining area had a chandelier and linen tablecloths!  Who knew a gas station eatery could be romantic and classy? Such a pleasant surprise to come across this place, y'all seriously gotta check it out.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/7/2013,194,205,6,7,5>UPDATE as of 1/1/14:This place has gone from 4 stars to 5, and it deserves it.The service is fantastic, especially the last time I went for bottomless mimosas.Big shoutout to Mike.  Great server.The patio is amazing for people watching.  Couches, tables, and room to stand/drink.The food is delicious. Try the Animal Fries and the Pulled Pork Hash.  The drinks are ridiculously good.  I can't get over how good of a deal the bottomless mimosas are.  The DJ is awesome and it feels like every time you take a sip of mimosa, it's full again.  That's the recipe for a perfect Sunday Funday.Bring your party pants, and get there early.See ya next time!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,10/17/2013,732,344,10,13,14>i had no idea this place existed! cute little place on a great patio over looking a lake. you feel like you've left AZ. their food is mediocre and it's nothing fancy. literally, their calamari is basically just fish sticks if that gives you any idea. we ordered chips and queso (decent), chicken strips w fries (delicious), quesadilla (good) and few other items. But the casual setting with the great view makes it a super nice spot to come for lunch and hang out for a bit. they also had a great bar area so even if you don't want to eat, this is a great drinking spoti would totally go back!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,10/16/2013,253,195,10,14,13>I came here for lunch the other day and I liked it.  I didnt think the food was as zippy and flavorful as it could've been, but it all seemed perfectly fresh.  (And yeah, in case you wondered, my yardstick for a freshnes assesment on a sushi joint is if I had to spend that night curled up in the fetal position on my bathroom floor, white as sheet and drained of all color, weakly clutching a wastebasket and praying for the sweet, blessed release of death.  And the good news is that DEFINITELY didn't happen.)The food was cheap and I really appreciated that part of it as it's getting harder and harder to afford work lunches that consist of something more than a PB&J at my desk.  I think the most expensive item on the rotating sushi belt was about $3 a plate.  The service was friendly and prompt and I have no complaints there.  The only suggestion I'd make is to make sure to have your doors unlocked on the second that you advertise that you are open for business.  I walked up and tried the door at almost 5 minutes past 11:00 and it was still locked and I had to stand there like a fool waiting for someone to come and unlock it and let me in for lunch.  Overall not a big issue, just a minor observation.Anyway, this was a unique experience for a very small outlay of money, and for me that is a recipe for a return visit!  ;-)
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,10/15/2013,650,610,11,17,13>I have been coming to Pane Bianco since before the twins were born and before they expanded.  I love my fresh Mozzarella sandwich.  I had an appointment in downtown PHX, so I could finally get a fix.  It had been a few months since I had been able to go and get my sandwich.  I do agree with Iain B.  $10 for a sandwich is pretty hefty, but I cannot help but stop by when I am without the twins.  I was able to sit down at one of the picnic tables outside, yes it was hot, but that is why I live in AZ,  and enjoy my book while I ate my yummy treat.  My husband usually gets the Market sandwich, I had a taste of a few, they are really good, but nothing beats my choice.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,10/14/2013,509,228,14,22,15>Who doesn't like secret gardens?  Especially secret gardens that are lovely, romantic with food that is charmingly delectable!   You don't even feel like you are right next to a large city with a farm and South Mountain as a backdrop.  I made a reservation on the patio because my sister was in town from the Bay Area and I knew she would want to enjoy our warm AZ weather and watch the sunset.  Honestly if you are coming here I would just sit outside, the house is cute, but the patio is much better.  The server placed us in a perfect spot shaded by palms overlooking the koi pond and not far from the fire!  Gentlemen, talk about a place to bring a hot date, would definitely set the mood for me!  But, it was also perfect to laugh and catch up with the sister too!  We ordered a cheese board to start and a bottle of Salneval Albarino to cleanse the pallet!  I HIGHLY recommend the Cypress Grove Midnight Moon cheese!  I am not even a cheesy kind of person, but I could eat a whole wheel of that stuff.  This is going to sound funny, but I came to this lovely restaurant with a big black/purple/blue/violet eye-cheek from an accident and trust me for the last 2 weeks I had been getting domestic violence and thug looks from various 'service providers'...  Well our waitress Megan didn't even bat an eye at my whacked face and my glorious bruise was even on her serving side!  So extra bonus points for that, which is why I rounded my 4.5 star rating up to 5 instead of down to 4.So after asking our poor server a million questions about the menu, because it is really hard to decide, as everything looks good and unique, we finally ordered.  I opted for the seasonal house special: hand made ravioli.  It was a spinach ravioli topped with an interesting lemon cream sauce, with almonds on top.  The raviolis were delicious, the sauce was quite good, and the almonds brought it all together.  I think I was expecting a little bit more POW to the dish, but it was still very unique and delicious.  I have to say my sister chose the right dish!  The New York strip with Red Chimichurri Sauce is AMAZING!  The thing they don't tell you on the menu is it comes in a corn puree of sorts that is mouthwatering!!! See picture.  It sounds weird to go with a steak, but it completely made the dish and set that steak apart from your typical steak at a nice restaurant.  I was actually trying to talk my sis into one of the other dishes and she trumped me...I am glad she did!!  The corn puree sauce was so good we asked the server what was in it and she said she would ask the chef who was in house.  She wrote the recipe on a note for us!! Sorry I promised not to divulge her secrets.  But the last ingredient was cute:  Love :)If you are skimming just do the following:  Sit on the patio, select Cypress Grove Midnight Moon cheese on the cheese board, somebody order the steak.  You will come back for more and if you are on a date you will get lucky!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,10/13/2013,189,498,10,14,13>Review number 400.  A milestone review because of it's number but also a special review as it was not only one of the best Jewish deli sandwiches I have had but the last meal I may have in quite a while with one of my friends who is moving away and have shared many meals with.Coming in at mid afternoon on a Sunday we were seated right away and our service remained top notch the entire time we we here.  Unlike most delis in the valley this is a full service restaurant and is priced a little higher.We shared a chopped liver plate which came with bread, onions and some other stuff.  It was good.  She had brisket and I had pastrami and corned beef on challa bread, which she had suggested to me after our last Jewish deli outing. I had planned on Sweet Republic afterward and no way was that going to happen.  All of our food items were great!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/12/2013,185,193,5,5,6>Just stopped in for a quick drink before dinner across the street, so can't comment on the food (although what I saw go by me looked great and smelled fabulous!) The bartender was attentive, the beer selection was sufficiently eclectic without bordering on hipster and the prices were right.I would go again, probably to eat next time.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,10/11/2013,1061,85,7,14,11>This was our first time coming here but before I begin I must remind you even though this review is solely about our dining experience it is a coffee shop.  While no one ordered coffee the smell of fresh brewed coffee permeated  the air, and it smelt amazing.  Anyway my wife, our friend Kathy R. and my self stopped here for lunch. Kathy ordered the Southwest Turkey wrap which consisted of : key, bacon, pepper jack cheese, guacamole, lettuce, ancho cilantro ranch dressing & served on ciabatta bread but instead of the ciabatta she had hers on honey wheat wrap.` She said the meat stays juicy and shows lots of explosive savory and spicy seasoning. The vegetables are fresh and crisp  and a had a bit of a spicy taste to it.  She discribed it as a bit "fiery". Her choice of a side was the potato salad. She had an ice tea as her drink selection. She said the sandwich and potato salad was delicious.  My wife Carol got the Gobbler it had turkey, havarti cheese, cream cheese, cranberry sauce, spring mix & served on pumpernickel bread. I coud tell she enjoyed it by the fact she at the whole thing rather quickly. Sure enough she said the combination of ingredients and the flavors were wonderful. Now for  me, I had the Raspberry Turkey Havarti Wrap. It had turkey, havarti cheese, lettuce/red cabbage mix, dried cranberries, raspberry vinaigrette & was  served on a honey wheat wrap. For my side I had mandarin oranges.I have to tell you my sandwich had all fresh ingredients, the meats were all very tasty. The lettuce / cabbage was fresh  and crispy. The havarti cheese that was on it came through in every bite. It was simply scrumptious, very filling, tasty and refreshing. They are made with solid outstanding ingredients.FOOD: In my humble opinion, the sandwiches here are absolutely delicious. Amazing food for such a low price considering what you get. Their sandwiches are unique becuse they use a lot of different ingredients in them not normally found in a sandwich. PRICE: Inexpensive prices / sandwiches! In fact I was floored by how reasonable they  were. SERVICE:  Our server was very knowledgeable & friendly. AMBIANCE:  Typical coffee shop /  atmosphere. It is a comfortable space with plenty of room to sit, work  with ample space for studying or to socialize.  CONCLUSION: I will be coming back. RETURN FACTOR: 100 %
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,10/10/2013,337,681,1,8,6>I went online looking for tickets for a friend and discovered that Tovrea Castle Tours are so popular that 2013 March - May tickets are completely SOLD OUT! If you want to tour this little piece of Phoenix history you definitely need to plan ahead!2013 Tour Schedule:January - April               8:30 AM & 11:30 AM            Fri, Sat and SunMay                                  7:30 AM & 10:30 AM           Fri, Sat and SunJune - July                     7:30 AM                                 Fri, Sat and SunAugust                            ClosedSeptember                    7:30 AM                                 Fri, Sat and SunOctober                          7:30 AM & 10:30 AM            Fri, Sat and SunNovember - Dec           8:30 AM & 11:30 AM            Fri, Sat and SunPLAN AHEAD FOLKS! PLAN AHEAD . . .
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/9/2013,795,565,6,13,12>My wife and I are hailing to the Kings.  This place specializes in Mexico City cooking, and in particular, the torta sandwich.  LOTS of different kinds of tortasMy wife and I are vegetarians, and generally do not eat tortas.  However, there are a variety of other dishes here that will keep us coming back.  BIG portions!  CHEAP!  They don't serve enchiladas or chile rellenos, but they do have great burritos with a distinct flavor.  Their chocoflan also makes a fantastic sweet end to a meal.If you're looking for authentic Mexico City flavor, this is the place and the locals know it.  Service is generally friendly, the place is clean, and there is always futbol on the television when you sit down.  Highly recommended.Los Reyes de la Torta:  GOOOOOOOOOOOAL!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,10/8/2013,194,263,10,10,9>Good lord, the macaroni salad makes you want to give up and quit your job so you can pull up a chair to the kitchen window and eat it all day. The short ribs are my favorite meal- they are seasoned that perfect balance of sweet & savory- and all the platters are big enough for a huge dinner or two lunches...if you eat like most mainlanders eat. If you're a Samoan, eh, not so much...you better order two meals!The staff is always friendly and smiling and the dining room is very clean. The menu has catering prices on the back page, and you could get a backyard luau going for 50 people for about $200.I'll totally host the luau as long as it's BYOB and I can keep the leftovers.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/8/2012,300,261,5,11,9>By far one of my Favorite Restaurants to eat Vegan at. I can't believe I haven't updated my review, the first time I reviewed Gallo I was not even Vegan, it's been a long time. The Veggie Tacos are out of this world, I usually order 5 or 6. They are pretty small in size but not in flavor. Fresh tiny corn tortillas stuffed with a varying mixture of grilled veggies like, onion, red pepper, green beans, mushroom, corn and spinach topped with guacamole and the best part is they are only $2 each WHAT!! That's right only $2 each. It gets better, during Happy Hour which is now 7days a week from 3pm-6pm, My beloved Veggie Tacos are only.......wait for it.........$1 each!! Not to mention the $5 (HH price) made to order Guacamole, loaded with roasted tomatoes, chunks of citrus and spices, (be sure to say No Cheese if you are a Vegan.) It's my professional opinion that this is some of the best Guacamole I've had, try it f you don't believe me.All this talking has got me craving it, I gotta go, See you at Gallo!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,5/7/2012,375,90,5,13,12>I'm a total yoga noob, attending my first class about a year and a half ago. I viewed it as a great workout and break from my more typical training, involving mostly lifting a lot of heavy shit (i.e. weights) and some running. While I enjoyed it, nothing really resonated with me at the time. Spending the last year or so doing some pretty intense self reflection and major work on staying 'present' when faced with...well, life I guess, I decided it was time to bring yoga back into my world. Enter Urban Yoga. The location is perfect, (within walking distance from my building) the space is gorgeous and has a very calming feel to it. The staff seem to be genuine and all very helpful, and each class I've attended has felt incredibly comfortable, even for a fairly reserved person such as myself.  The only time I felt uncomfortable was last night when I attended my first Ashtanga class. Actually, uncomfortable is an understatement. Prior to this I had only experienced the Urban Flow class and Core Vinyasa Flow. I immediately thought I was in over my head with all the Sanskrit Asana call outs, all with little to no explanation and I had a little bit of a panic attack moment. I'm dead serious when I say that I was just about to freak out, grab my mat and get the hell out of there when I accepted that my fear and feelings of inferiority were just that, mine. No one was laughing at the doofus in the corner all doe eyed and scared shitless. I took a deep breath (or many) and kept up the best I could. I'm glad I stayed because I left feeling great psychically and mentally and like I had taken a huge step to overcome an issue that has haunted me probably since birth, or at least chip away at a part of it. Studio Yoga is not cheap folks...anywhere, including Urban Yoga But the benefits I have personally received from continuing to make the effort to get up and go far outweigh the cost. Six months ago I would have walked right out of there and never come back out of feeling foolish and being embarrassed. Six months ago I would have been embarrassed to admit that I felt foolish and embarrassed. (sounds funny, but trust me, being that self aware is pure hell) Not yesterday. Not tomorrow either. I highly recommend Urban Yoga.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,5/6/2012,741,230,6,9,9>Get down here and try these nachos folks, you will not be disappointed. They make from scratch their cheese sauce, and it could not be more perfect. I wish I had pics to show you, but every time I get them I just have to dive in right away. My personal favorite is the colorado beef nachos, the meat is simmered for 6 hours in spices and is sooooo tender. They have very unique choices here you will not find anywhere, and also have vegetarian nachos that I have heard are just as good.I have been here about 5 times now and have found myself craving this place every weekend, run to this place, you will be so happy : )
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,5/4/2012,113,521,4,10,7>While I've been known to frequent Starbucks for a Salted Caramel Mocha, I prefer giving my business to locals. I chose Lola's over the weekend when I needed to get some studying done. I got the Black 'N' White mocha (which was neither black nor white, but yummy just the same) and took a seat at the bar at the window looking onto Central.  I enjoyed the atmosphere, and the employees were nice.  Don't expect a lengthy menu, so choosing something shouldn't take long. I didn't try any pastries on hand, but they looked delectable. Parking was tight, it could use more tables and chairs for people with laptops, and for a while it was too warm inside.  At some point, I believe they turned on the A/C even though the front door was still open, so that helped. They have the WiFi password taped to the register, which is really convenient.I like it here and will probably come back.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,5/3/2012,228,749,9,13,8>Wow, last review was from 2009.  I guess I would update.  They have changed owners  from the original set when they first started.  I ordered take out.  Again it is Friday and my laziness kicks in.  I got:Chicken Chow Fun - Delicious and love the wok "breathe" or air when you open the containerCreamy Chicken Corn Soup - Huge portion, but the soup seemed bland..  But the crispy wontons I ordered extra and a little salt fix that up.Chicken with Cashew Nuts - Yummy!!  Perfect!I need to stop by for a sit down meal soon!!!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/2/2012,900,214,9,12,10>Going here reminded me of a How I Met Your Mother Episode...you know the one where Marshall scours all of New York City to find the restaurant where he had the best burger ever.Well, after I left San Tan Brewery, I hope I never forget this place like Marshall did, because it was here that I have had the best beef burger I have ever had. And this beats Joe's Farm Grill as well as all the other hole in the wall places I've prodded my way into. We ordered both the Stuffed Aegean Burger ($1!) and the Stuffed Mushroom Burger ($11). The Aaegean was the winner. It is a 1/2 pound of beef patty stuffed with cheese, basil, and kalamata olives. It is topped with feta cheese and pesto aioli. The second both my friend and I bit into it, we looked at each other and were like no way. It's that good. No, I can't describe it. Can you describe Da Vinci's Mona Lisa? No, you cannot. The best I can do is that it was like Katy Perry's song, "Firework" was coming to life in my oropharynx. The Stuffed Mushroom burger tempered my drive to give this place 5 stars. This is another 1/2 pound patty of beef stuffed with cheese & mushrooms topped that is topped with swiss and Gordo Stout braised mushrooms. Both burgers were ordered Medium Well, but it seemed like this one was well done. Definitely a good portion of melted cheese and mushrooms, but the burger overall seemed drier. The waitress was very helpful and attentive. The atmosphere was interesting. There was a group of 15 girls who had just got done with a dance recital that looked like clowns with all the makeup their moms had plastered over their faces....so definitely good entertainment value.Try the Aaegean burger. It's for your own good. P.S For your side, you can't go wrong with the house fries which are crispy and well seasoned or the jalepno cesar salad, which comes loaded with parm cheese, chopped tomatoes, croutons, and a hint of you guessed it - jalapenos.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2011,5/1/2012,848,353,10,16,13>Malt. Not the liquor, the vinegar. If a place has malt vinegar for their fries, I'm sold. Ok, in places with malt vinegar, they're called "chips," not fries. Anyway...Group of 6 of us showed up to have a lunch meeting. They had no issues with us pulling an extra table in to accommodate us. (By the way, I had no idea there were two Ms in that word!).Service was super-quick. Our server was right on us & took our drink orders. I had the fish n chips, which is what I always get. I'm a freak for it! The fish had a really crispy batter that wasn't heavy. It was cooked all the way through. It makes me barfy if I get fish with batter that's so thick there's still raw batter. Sick!FRESH fries. I mean chips. They still had the skin on them, which is my very favorite. She even brought us a bowl of lemon wedges for our fish.We didn't even have to ask for our checks, either. Well, maybe she just wanted to get rid of us, but we were only there for a little over an hour. Or, we were so obnoxious she wanted to get us out of there. I doubt it, as she seemed to be able to tolerate The Rowdies.With a tip, I paid $11 for my lunch. That's a great value and I was stuffed. Not food coma stuffed, but nicely stuffed. Not like Thanksgiving, but like...a business lunch.They even have OTB there. I don't bet on the horsies, though.P.S. This used to be called Hail Mary's.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,4/30/2012,60,80,2,7,6>Fabulous meat & cheese assortment! (must sample!)Delicious sandwiches!High-end specialty food & culinary products!Good wine & beer selection!Extremely friendly & knowledgable owners!Quaint atmosphere, love the patio option!Decent prices, reasonable for the top quality!Service above & beyond!Wish great success!We will be returning... often!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,4/29/2012,116,463,4,4,4>Out of this world. Great selection on the menu: sandwhiches, salads, noodle or rice bowls, etc. I've ordered the veggie burger, the pad thai, and a few of the other rice bowls and have never been disappointed. Oh, and the buffalo wing appetizer is to die for. Literally. Bring your defibrillator.The staff are casual and friendly and lack that "yes I work in a vegan restaurant so I'm more awesome than you" vibe. The decor is cool-urban-earthy. Prices pretty reasonable, as well as turn around time for food. My pad thai was $7.50 for what is really two portions......I however scarfed it down as one.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/28/2012,197,332,2,4,4>very nice museum and time goes fast! i wasn't expecting too much. I was surprised how intuitively they set up the galleries to sync up with the headsets that are given to you in the entrance of museum.  you are able to listen to the sights and sounds of Africa, Asia, Latin America,US, and Europe. some of my favorites were the the Arizona native American big drum, the Bahamas, Brazil.  Aileen joined me and she didn't have enough time to visit each exhibit but I was able to squeeze in everything by quickly going through the exhibits that did not interest me as much.  I think its worth the fifteen dollar admission fee since i was able to learn and enjoy the entire MiM experience. I will be adding some pictures.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/5/2014,509,228,13,13,14>Fly Like an Eagle...Come Fly with Me, Come Fly with me...I'm learning to fly, but I ain't got wings.  Coming down is the hardest thing...It was really as close to flying like a bird as you can get, and I have to say it was quite serene and relaxing..almost tranquil.  You know when you see a dog hanging his head out the window of a moving vehicle, with his ears flapping in the wind and it looks as if it is at complete bliss...yeah that was me.  In a nut shell this is how it all goes:  You sign away your life.  You get to gear up in a cool helmet and slide into your 'flying cocoon'.  Then a unique one-man plane tows you into the air (this part is a bit noisy).  Once you are REALLY HIGH in the sky you release and the plane flies away and lands.  That initial release is so cool, you feel like you are floating in the skies.  Then the flying starts...seriously soaring for about 15-20min.  There is little noise except the ruffle of the wind on your glider.  The instructor shows you how to be a copilot, which was cool to learn how to steer.  Did you know you can go "Look ma, No hands" on a hang-glider?  Oh yes you can, and we did.  Adventurous Lisa E.  was like, 'hey I will let you steer and flip us around all crazy instead of letting this armature fiddle around like a bird on the short bus.'  That is when the acrobatics began.  Oh yeah I was gliding, diving, twirling, free-falling, recovering and spinning all over the sky with desert down below and the mountains in the distance.  AAAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaaaaamazeballs!  For the record if you are scared of such things, you don't have to do that part.Then came the landing, the part I was most concerned about.  It was a breeze!  Honestly smoother than landing in a commercial airplane.  The instructor definitely knows his stuff and has been hang-gliding for a long time or maybe he is just a smooth criminal.  :) No really in all seriousness, the team at Sonora Wings knows their stuff and you are in good hands.  If you have ever wanted to fly like a bird, soar like an eagle then you need to try hang-gliding!  This is also a great gift for the adventurous type!  I received my 'hang-gliding lesson' for my birthday from my dear friend Nydia and I have to say it is something I will never forget!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,1/4/2014,253,195,9,17,14>I had a really nice dinner here last night with my husband and toddler daughter and neighbor, Trystan.  Our neighbor is actually from Cornwall and he was the one who brought us here to try the regional specialty of his home turf.  Obviously, he is a regular here.  Now I had been to the Cornish Pasty location in Tempe, but it had been a few years ago, so for all intents and purposes this was my first real, sit-down visit.  They let us sit where we wanted and we chose a nice spot out on the patio and they brought us a high chair and drink.  I got a glass of the house Riesling.  (It was delicious) and our waitress brought a small pewter plate of bread slices and a small dipping cup of tomato soup for our daughter.  I thought that was really thoughtful of her.We ordered a side of chips with a spicy bean dip for the table, and everyone enjoyed that.  I also got to taste the cup of soup that Trystan ordered, a creamy potato, leek and Stilton cheese combination.  Honestly I wished I'd ordered a whole bowl of that soup for myself!  Amazing.I ordered the Oggie pasty and it was a thing of beauty, deliciously browned and filled with a hearty, meat and root vegetable mixture.  It came with a flavorful sauce that I *think* was a red wine reduction.  My husband got the Cottage Pie and he said he really liked it.  And apparently it was hefty enough that he had enough leftovers to take for lunch today.  By the end of dinner we didn't have any room for dessert, which means we will just have to make an effort to come back and try their delicious sounding desserts; like sticky English toffee pudding!Keep it up guys, I really liked what I saw last night; the food, service, ambiance, everything.  Spot on!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,1/3/2014,699,631,27,29,26>I was about to start a new weight lost challenge, but knew before that was to start I wanted something sweet and good!  I was in the area for lunch and saw that there was this sweet looking bakery at the end of the shopping center, so I knew that's where I was headed to!I ordered the Salted Carmel Mocha cupcake to go, just from looking at it I was already drooling! You could clearly see the salt crystals on the top of the drizzled caramel!  Its my new craving, salty/sweet! Can't get enough it!Got back to work and got to try it out! Let me tell you! The cake part of the cupcake was amazing! It was a moist chocolate with chocolate chucks inside! Yes!! Chucks!!! Yummy!!! The frosting, omg, you get a nice blend of mocha, caramel and salt!! OMG HEAVEN!!!!  This was a perfect cupcake for me!Also for you ice cream lovin fools (I'm more of cake brownie person) they serve thrifty ice cream, I remember back in the day, that was the bomb ice cream!!  And if you have a crazy sweet tooth, they also have for sale shoots of frosting!!! Forget the cake and go straight to the sweet stuff!!!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,1/2/2014,191,100,6,14,10>I didn't want to be the first person to give this place four stars instead of five... and I can be pretty harsh when it comes to rating pizza.  Sooo... thank goodness I loved the pizza!  I had the Toto (it had sausage, salami, prosciutto, and something else on it)... and it was absolutely deee-lish!  They present it nicely on a large plate and then bring out everything an Italian or non-Italian could want to add to their pizza -- red pepper, oregano, parm, and I think a spicy olive oil.  The pizza was extremely tasty without any of that, but because I always know better than everyone else (even the chef), I went and made it even better :)My dinner companion (my mommy) had the Pomo.  It was the typical supreme- type ingredients (S, M, O, G)... and while I didnt taste her pizza, I did hear one of the most negative people I know only say good things about it... so it musta beena gooda!  And sorry about that last comment, mom!As for the canoli, well, not as great as the pizza by any means... but who am I to knock off a star because the dessert couldn't measure up to the wonderfulness of the main entree.  I wouldn't get the canoli (actually three little canolis) again, but they had a bunch of other desserts worth trying.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,1/1/2014,655,756,2,5,3>*ROTD 1/1/2014*Had a great time. Me and the family had an opportunity to watch Evita last night. Never been to a place with so much leg room. Looks like there is no bad seats. Workers are very nice and courteous. A great night with a great woman on her birthday.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,12/31/2013,244,368,5,6,6>The first thing I think of when someone tells me there's a Vietnamese restaurant I think hmmm, is the place going to be clean? since a lot of the Vietnamese restaurants around town are dives.  To my surprise, this restaurant not only newly opened, is open, spacious, CLEAN and well decorated in a modern theme.  The menu is extensive with the basic pho choice of rice noodles or egg noodles.  I decided to try their shrimp paste, pork chop, Vietnamese meat loaf over rice plate and a drink consisting of condensed milk, raw egg, and club soda.  I was a bit queasy to try the drink but wanted something different~ as it turned out, the drink is tasty~ a bit like liquid custard.  I think it would taste even better with a bit of salt sprinkled in to enhance the flavor.  I have to laugh though since none of the other wait staff, including the owner has tried this drink even though it's on the menu!The rice plate was good.  Everything tasty.  Only bit of turn off was the pork chop came out really greasy.  Had a layer of oil on both sides that I had to sop off with a couple of napkins.The wait staff were friendly, so friendly in fact that they waved and hollered out good bye to me without giving me the check.  Lol.  Good thing I'm a honest customer and told them I had not paid yet!  Overall, a very enjoyable experience.  Good location~ I hope they do well!!!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/30/2013,512,210,11,14,9>I had the delighted opportunity to try this place out for the first time about a month ago for lunch. The hip Chicago style scenery was amusing. I was immediately greeted and seated the moment I walked through the door. Surprisingly the restaurant was not packed with a lunch crowd but it gave me an opportunity to really meet and talk with the owner. He brought a taste of Chicago to the valley. Music playing while dining along with some mighty tasty wings with fries is what I had to enjoy. I have to say I was impressed with the presentation when my food came out. Plus my food was finger licking good. I will be back not just to eat but I have heard that this place has Jazz. Something different to do along with Happy Hour from 4pm/7pm Thursday and Friday with live music.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/29/2013,652,108,7,19,13>Hana has without a doubt the best sushi I have ever had. I was blown away at how good it was. The Salmon Sashimi was so fresh and delicious! Every roll we ordered was just mouth watering goodness. Only complaint is that the Edamame is served cold, I've never been a fan of that. Not even a big deal.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,12/28/2013,253,210,13,21,17>I had decided that I was not giving in to the "Pig-themed" restaurants.  I mean "Pig", "Pork" and "Swine" restaurants are popping up everywhere!  But I noticed that, no matter how hard I tried to ignore P&P, it would pop-up on all of the foodie sites that I check around Phoenix.  So, for several months, I scoped this place out... checked out this restaurant online and with daily drive-bys in my daily commute.  I finally decided 2 months ago that I needed to check out P&P.  I was sold, food-whipped on my first visit and I've been every week since.  They source all their veggies locally.  They make as much as they can in house from the meats on the chacuterie tray to the pickled veggie/items that appear on every dish.  They even bake their own bread!  I fell in love y'all, with a Pig & Pickle.This restaurant is in a nondescript strip of shops.  I could not tell you what stores exist adjacent to P&P.  It is off the well "beaten Scottsdale Rd" path, and yet, the food is exciting, relevant and has a depth of flavors that is unbelievable.  I'm a fan of P&P and once you give it a try, I think you will be too.I have tried a few things on the menu, let me start with the crafted cocktails - pricey, but still yummy and worth every penny.  They carry premium spirits and they make just about everything that goes in those crafted drinks from scratch.  If you don't want to spend $12 per cocktail, they have a wonderful HH menu with $5 cocktails from 4-6pm. Satly Dog: yelp.com/biz_photos/pig-… The star of P&P is the food.  I have tried several things on the menu and I'm happy to say that not one thing was even remotely disappointing.  Everything that I've been served there was 4 Stars and above.  My favorite item thus far was on the new brunch menu.  P&P started serving brunch this past Sunday.  After church, I stopped in and ordered the Bloody Sconnie and the Bacon, Andouille Sausage and Aisago Cheese Fratta.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…  An extremely delicious dish that is really more like a crustless quiche.  This dish has a serious (and I mean SERIOUS) kick to it.  It is not for the people who can't handle spicy food.  This dish was excitingly delicious.  My 2nd favorite was the braised pork belly yelp.com/user_local_phot…   The braised pork belly sat atop a delicious mound of mashed turnip bottoms.  The pork belly provided the right amount of saltiness that was balanced just right by the sweetness of the apple butter.  The arugula top the creation was just the right amount of earthiness to pair with the turnip bottoms.  I love all the flavors.  But as I told my mom, it was almost like eating a southern meal that contained ALL these ingredients, but prepared somewhat differently!    During Happy Hour, they offer a chacuterie plate yelp.com/user_local_phot… that is HUGE for the $5 that they charge!  In this pic, the chacuterie included bacon butter to spread on my homemade pretezel bread.  YUMMY... YUM is all I can say!  To top it off, they have the nicest guys working behind the bar.  I mean... honestly, part of what makes my day when I go into a place like this are cute guys who can mix a drink and order up some food for me to eat.  Clayton and Scott are awesomely attentive and I just love sitting at their bar!  My to try list (because I trust everything on their menu):Shrimp and GritsBraised Duck LegCroque MadameSalmon Tot - 6/30/2013 - 4star. Pork Shoulder TostadasEach 3rd Monday of the Month, join them for Beer Dinner 6:30pm.  I'm hopeful they will have other events in the future.  I think their crafted cocktails would be a great thing to center an event around.Oh gosh, they have free wi-fi too!This is a gem in Scottsdale/Old Town.  Eat, Pig out and Enjoy!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/27/2013,200,98,16,17,11>4.5 stars? That's ridiculous. This place deserves 5 solid stars. Period. Don't argue with me. A friend of mine introduced me to this place about 3 or 4 months ago and I have since gone back an embarrassingly amount of times. Actually, fuck that. I'm not embarrassed, it's tasty as HAIL. Hands down, the best street tacos in AZ. Not even joking. Every single person I introduce to this place becomes just as obsessed as I do. I go about every other week at this point on Thursday or Sunday. I honestly do not order anything other than the $1 tacos. I have no doubt their other items are really amazing as well, but I have no desire to cram anything into my mouth other than those sweet, sweet tacos. I usually order a mix of carne asada, pollo and "vegetarian" tacos, which is just black beans. I have never once been disappointed. They do have weird hours and are located next to Charlie's, so if you go here during peak hours (i.e., when the club lets out at 2am), you'll will be faced with a very large line. Things can get a little slow when it's busy. But hey, these people are creating ART. So you shut your pie hole and wait in line. The lovely lady who runs the register is extremely sweet and is a damn pro at dealing with the drunk fashionable men and random hobos who stroll in off the street looking for a handout.But really, you haven't had a legit taco in AZ unless you've been here. America's Taco Shop? Nah. Gallo Blanco? Puh-leez. Dig the loose change out of the bottom of your purse/car cup holder and hit this place up for a taco or 5.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,6/24/2014,280,572,10,9,8>What a great spot!  I felt like I was driving to Canada, but that's only because LAMP is outside my usual 10 mile radius from Old Town.Shannon M hooked us on to the zucchini cakes with basil aioli.  My husband didn't care for them, but he obviously has no sense because these were fantastic!  We chose the three crostini (white bean & roasted red pepper, ricotta, and pesto).  None stood out, and the flat bread was so chewy, it was hard to appreciate any of them.  We also ordered 2 pizzas because we have no concept of portion control.  My husband favored the Gem with both sausage and pepperoni and ricotta.  Too much meat for me.  I preferred the Gordon with capocollo, goat cheese, mushrooms, lots of garlic, and provolone.  Too much food to fit in a milkshake, but they have some very tempting options!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,6/23/2014,185,193,9,16,11>The concept is very simple, but it has been executed flawlessly. The British Cornish Pasty is the Spanish empanada, the Jamaican patty, the Indian samosa. It is essentially meat and veg wrapped in pastry then baked. Done right it can be delicious!I'm English. I grew up eating pasties. Although being from the north-west of England the pasties I ate weren't Cornish, they were a variation of the Irish pasty. Same concept, but lighter pastry, flakey, almost puff pastry. I always thought the crust of a true Cornish pasty was too tough, almost cardboard-esque, (some say they were made this way to prevent damage if they were dropped down a mine). But this is not the case for the pasties from Cornish Pasty Co. Here they are done well.At Cornish Pasty Co they are light and tasty and the fillings were great. And oh, the choices! From the traditional Oggie to lamb or chicken or pork or cheese steak. There's even a tongue-in-cheek pasty which pays homage to Pulp Fiction. If you're a vegetarian, there aren't just a couple of choices, there is a whole page for you!The beer list was extensive and varied, the patio wrapped around the whole building and the service was quick, attentive and engaging.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,6/22/2014,650,610,11,15,19>This is going to be on my rotation for hiking.  Of course, I have to bring someone with some sense of direction around because I have none.  I would be wondering in circles for days.  There are several trails, and even though I couldn't do the whole hike since I had the twins with me, we really enjoyed it.  On our way back, I felt we took a little longer, so I am sure we went a different way.  While waiting for the group to come back, I set up my kids and their friend in the car to watch a movie.  I was prepared with plenty of drinks, but they started requesting snacks.  Yikes, I didn't think of that, because we were meeting for lunch after.  I turned around and there was a sign "Snack Bar", SCORE.  I went inside the Visitor Center and the nice lady pointed to a table with goodies.  Not much to choose, but enough for a quick snack.  I bought a few packs of Goldfish and gummy fruits.  They were very helpful and friendly.  I got back to the car and the kids were happy and quiet, ahhh good times.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,6/21/2014,271,246,3,7,7>I sure wish my living room looked like this place! Great interior design with a classy, sophisticated atmosphere. I recently planned my boss's 50th birthday here and we had a great evening! Thanks for great service, we had one dedicated server and he was on it! We also planned to have appetizers and pizzas delivered throughout the evening and it worked out perfectly! We had some flatbread pizzas, bruschetta planks, spinach artichoke dip, sliders and cheese fondue. Plenty for all of our guests and everything kept disappearing so we clearly enjoyed it! The restaurant was packed on this particular evening and the staff handled it like champs. I would hold other parties or events here, making sure to plan the menu and discuss our wants with a manager ahead of time. I totally forgot to mention the layout of this restaurant. It's pretty cool. There are a few really neat wrap around patios. And inside the dining room has an open layout with smaller little nooks for larger groups. Check it out, you'll definitely be comfortable in this living room!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,6/20/2014,113,521,2,10,8>I've been here twice with co-workers--very nice place to go after work! They have great happy hour specials on cocktails (TRY the lavender cocktail!!) and good appetizers to share with friends. We love the 4-for-$12 bruschetta deal, and the S'Mores is fun for dessert.They have a good menu of salads, burgers, sandwiches, and tapas-style options. Also check out their specials, one for every day! We most recently sat on the patio, which was a great atmosphere. You can also sit indoors or at the bar. A friend is coming in this week and I plan to take her there.  Highly recommend this cool new place for intimate time for two, or a small group of friends.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/19/2014,200,98,20,16,15>I've lived here my whole life (28 years, dude) and strangely enough have never been to this place. Well, I finally went here last night with my sexy-pants boyfriend. His pants are sexy.So, it takes a few minutes to get to the actual restaurant. You drive higher and higher and higher and then directly into outer space. Finally, when you arrive to the top, complimentary valet is waiting for you. Which I zipped right past because I refuse to valet my expensive 2011 standard Golf. I probably should've valeted though, because then I was forced to walk up a slanted hill in 6" heels and had to cling to sexy-pants boyfriend like an old lady with brittle bones. Once inside, you then go up yet another flight of stairs (don't worry, there's an elevator) where you are finally greeted by the hostess. The restaurant itself is interesting - large, glass windows so you can enjoy the view, said Captain Obvious. Aside from that, it's rather plain and even on the drab side. I'm not saying that's a negative. It could be purposeful to not retract from the view? I dunno. The view is seriously spectacular though! I love the desert and this only amplified my love for it. I know there's a lot of haters in Phoenix who talk shit about how ugly this city is. You shut your damn mouth. If you're one of these haters, I encourage you to visit places like this that give you a profound appreciation of how neat mountains and clear skies really are.Onto the food: Pretty good! Expensive, as one would expect, but not outrageous. I ordered a "micro greens" salad with pistachios, pears, and some type of cheese I'd never heard of it. The salad was truly micro and was almost deconstructed, which I'm not a fan of. I'm lazy and don't want to put my food together. It came out on an overly-HUGE plate and I nearly guffawed at it! Hahaha! It looked really silly and even tinier. Overall though it was pretty good. I also had a side of fingerling potatoes and those were GREAT! S.P. Boyfriend had the chef's special, which was shrimp with kidney beans (I think, can't remember). It was very tasty. We followed all of that up with the peanut butter and chocolate cheesecake - definitely the highlight of the evening. The entire bill came to $76 - not bad! Afterward we went outside to check out the rest of the restaurant and made the treacherous trek back down to my baller car, where my boyfriend literally piggybacked me so I didn't have to break my ankles.Overall, pretty cool place! Friendly staff, great views. Clearly I have run out of things to say.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/18/2014,73,151,1,8,5>It's taken a long time but we finally have a small local brewery by us in the west valley.  Throughout my posts you will quickly learn this side of town is just missing the love when it comes to good local joints.  But no more, we found out about a small brewery that is located in the small historic corner of Litchfield Park. The menu is still a work in progress but they have a few snacks and sandwiches that will help you soak up some great pints.  They have about 7 different brews, they have a few IPA's, an oatmeal stout and a red ale too.  The black IPA is awesome and my personal favorite.  The ambiance is very small, the seating for this place is definitely at about 25 people if that. One of the owners, Neil is there talking and greeting customers and he had been brewing for over a decade and cares about the quality and feedback, I suggest you stop by and support their shop.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,6/17/2014,55,233,10,10,9>How does Phoenix have so many amazing pizza places? I mean, how? My previous home cities of San Diego and Denver didn't have one! This place has put me in a bind. Cibo was hands down my favorite, now this place comes in and screws everything up for me. Can you have two number 1's?Pomo is a super cool place with a nice vibe with it's patio that connects with the bar. The pizza is tops in town. Have tried a few of them now and everyone one of them have been delicious. The service is fantastic and you can tell the owner is appreciative of his customers. Like other reviewers, he came over to our table and gave us his homemade limoncello shots which were phenomenal!!! Thanks Pomo, we'll be back for sure.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/16/2014,261,392,11,13,10>Dropped by this meaty establishment by pure accident. We had just finished hiking in Papago Park and took the scenic route down McDowell on the way home. What caught our eye was the sign mentioning the $5 sausage combo deal. After seeing the Hole-in-the-Rock, there was a hole-in-my-stomach that could only be filled with meat. The three of us mountain men traipsed into So We Meat Again, past their cool logo that reminds me of a turducken (except this would be a chicken stuffed in a pig stuffed in a cow). Whatever it was (chickhogcow?), we were hunting for cured meaty goodness!The sausage combo is simple, choose either the House Polish, the Sweet Italian, or the Hot Italian sausage, get a bag of chips and a drink included. 5 bones! Shove it in yer belly... done! This quick meal hit the spot (although I wish the sausages were hotter temperaturewise). And now that the pangs of hunger were squelched, the real fun was inspecting their deli case and all of their beautiful offerings of charcuterie.  We asked for a sampler plate of their top five sellers, and they were happy to oblige.  We got to try the salamis that included soppressata, kulen, and capicola. They also included the Hungarian and the spicy Hungarian (which I can't seem to find on their sister website for Shannon's Deli Meats in Glendale - shannonsdelimeats.com), so I conclude that it might be a seasonal offering.  My favorite was the sopressata... clearly had that sour salami note and a pronounced black pepper bite. Delicious!Not to leave empty-handed, we picked up a package of their garlic pepper jerky and some of their house-cured bacon (jalapeño and maple). The jerky was decent but the jalapeño bacon was phenomenal!  Thick-cut and meaty (not overly fatty) with just the right touch of jalapeño heat... This is bacon that tells all other bacon to sit down and shut-up!  We are saving the cured maple bacon for a special brunchy occasion, because it is bound to be the star of that meal.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/15/2014,512,210,6,9,8>I am a true fan of anything Fox Restaurant Concepts rolls out in the restaurant industry but Juby True is just another reason why I continue to dine with them. I recently have been on this huge health kick and Juicing is my new favorite thing to do. My mornings consist of my Juicing at home to ending my day at Whole Foods grabbing a fresh squeezed juice to go. Though now that I can enjoy fresh juice while I shop is even better. With two locations in my neck of the woods I am down to swing by. (Blitmore and Scottsdale Quarter)I had the opportunity to visit the Scottsdale Quarter Location attached to True Foods. I was very impressed with the variety of healthy options to choose from. Between fresh pressed juices, smoothies, teas, coffee,  to boosters and much more. Basically one can catch a taste of their favorite veggies to yummy fruits in one teeny tiny spot. The menu is easy to read and so simple to find the option you may like. Now I read that they use a cold press to help keep the flavors and nutrients fresh. I also have to mention with so many food allergies people have no days they can play it safe. Options for gluten allergies, vegans and vegetarians. I have to say now that "ROCKS!"I did not get the opportunity to ask but I did read that they offer a 1-3 day cleanse package. I will have to check that out. So all you health nuts there is no excuse to grab junk and go while your shopping. There is a new sheriff in town and he is going to catch your heart after one visit.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,7/29/2013,650,610,11,18,16>I love having this healthy option near home.  I have been here twice now and I enjoyed it every time.  I keep having the same thing because it was so delicious.  The local fish is a platter with grilled fish, any way you like it.  I always choose the south of the border, it is spicy, but not burn your tongue spicy.  I love it.   You also get the cole slaw and tomatoes and onions.  I never eat all my brown rice.  I was glad that the second time I got it, the amount of rice was smaller, I still left about half of it on the plate.  I am a portion conscious person and I think the piece of fish is really big.  My hubby had the seafood salad and it was delicious, I stole one of his grilled shrimp.  The first time the wait was a little long, but it was the first week they were open.  The second time the food was out within 20 minutes, which is very reasonable.  This will definitely be in my rotation.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/28/2013,890,308,9,13,12>This is shaved iced on a different level folks.  This is not your snow cone ice or your Hawaiian ice.  This is Taiwanese ice.  Smooth and velvety with infused flavors such as taro, green tea, strawberry, mango, and Thai tea.  If you never thought it was possible to put those exotic ingredients into ice then you definitely need to come down to check it out.My favorite is taro, I die by the taro, its my usual to go flavor for most desserts/snacks.  To take it up another notch, throw in some of these toppings: mochi balls, mango, lychee, cheesecake bites, strawberries, lychee jelly, almond pudding, mango pudding, boba, orea cookies, and kiwi.  I know this list seems overwhelming but do your best to see what complements what flavor of ice.  But who the heck cares, mix and match however way you want, this is your masterpiece we're talking about here.But wait, it doesn't end there, you also add a glaze: condensed milk, caramel, chocolate, taro condensed milk, green tea condensed milk, and black sesame.  Imagine the glaze as the icing on the top, it brings everything together.Pricing is reasonable for these yummy and refreshing delights.  You get three sizes: small, medium or large.  Each size you get atleast 1 topping and 1 glaze.The ambiance is funky fresh, hip, and urban-esque.  The staff are energetic and enthusiastic.  Stop by and check them out.  Peace and happy nomming.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,NA,732,344,4,10,12>This was my 2nd time using this awesome and friendly clinic to get my shots before going overseas. Eileen was referred to me by a friend. I am so glad she did because Eileen is SO knowledgeable and she doesn't try to sell you or scare you into getting every shot under the moon. She has a good sense of what is super necessary, what she might suggest as extra depending on different environments. She is also able to prescribe my sleeping pills for my flights and my anti malaria meds which is great because that's one less appointment for me! There are a few different types of anti malaria meds and she is helping me navigate that decision before I leave. The office is insanely friendly and everyone working there is so awesome. I just want to hang out with everyone! Highly recommend.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,7/26/2013,253,195,13,10,11>Fabulously strong (and well priced) margaritas, served in a no-nonsense, working class, punk/alt rock bar with occasional theme events and live bands, AND it's close enough for me to walk to/stumble home from??    Yes please!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,7/25/2013,447,457,7,16,11>Fun, family-friendly, low-cost entertainment. Looking for something different to do? Why not spend $2-$4/hour wagering on horses? Sure, the return isn't huge at this rate -- a $2 bet to show may net you $1.10 (the most I've ever won is $12 on a $1 bet)-- but you've got a shot at earning enough winnings to cover your $4 beer and get more interactive entertainment than you will at a $12 movie!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/24/2013,100,799,13,19,18>This unassuming little place is lots of fun!  Our UYE for lunch here today included Norm R., José C., Mike C., Scott W. and myself.Now José is from Cuba, & so was my dad, so we each have some familiarity with Cuban cooking, but many of the dishes here were new to me.  You get a slight description of things on the restaurant menu, but the more important thing to know is that the food here is great & whatever you order you will probably like!  We chose all different dishes & everyone in our group enjoyed their lunch!We all started with a shared tasty appetizer, Croquetas, and then for my meal I went with the Lechón Asado ($8.49), which is pork roast with a bit of gravy & cooked onion strings.  It came with a small side salad & a big serving of really good rice with black beans.  (Yes, you want THIS rice, not white rice...  It's good, trust me!).  They serve up awesome desserts too, if you have room (or take home for later), & they're inexpensive!I can't wait to get back here & bite my way through more of the many surprises on the menu, and Cuban Foods here (aka Bisteces) gets 5 Stars!     :-))
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,7/23/2013,420,461,11,27,15>I have a million things I need to do today but they are ALL on hold so I can write about how awesome this place is. They are not even fully up and running (Grand Opening is 9 July, folks) and they've already won me over. Why?Their Espresso is at the top of my list. It is very well balanced: not too weak, not too bold, not too bitter and a really pleasant aftertaste that makes for a well-rounded consumption of coffee. Maybe my response was psychosomatic but it really took me back to Europe for a moment.I read about their beignets and the reports are not exaggerated. They are fried up perfectly light and just a tad crispy. As much as I love donuts this was such a step up I don't know if I can ever go back. So my first visit here was like a mini-vacation to France and I feel like I got back a little joie de vivre. There was a bit of a wait to get my order but the folks took my coffee order while I was in line and I got to start savouring before I put in my pastry order so props for being mindful of the customers and doing their best to look after us. Since the beignets are made to order, it is worth the wait....trust me.They also have some tasty looking gelato and their cooler already had some deli foods like olives and cheese (I need to come back soon to pick up some parmesan). I can only imagine what awesome goodies they're going to have. Once they get their liquor license we can look forward to French wine and craft beer for sale. They also have fresh flowers for sale. How awesome will you be when you bring home some fresh flowers and a bottle of wine and some cheese? Oui, oui!The inside is very pleasant and has a nice European feel  with white walls and French Country décor. I had a chance to chat with the owner's wife and they are really great people so this is a great new business that is well worth patronizing. I think it is a great concept and am so happy that we have this in Phoenix. It is dangerously close to where I live so I could very soon turn into a beignet whore-consider yourself warned!Parking is a bit of an issue and after going around the block twice I had to park across the street and walk in the 115 degree heat....but it was worth it. I do hope that they find reason to open earlier during the week in the future because I would be in for coffee every day on the way to work.Really great place run by good people. Well worth checking out and I can't wait to see how much more I love them when they are completely up and running!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,7/22/2013,53,109,5,9,7>I've known about Noble Beast ever since they opened, but haven't had much occasion to shop there.  This recently changed.  My 11-year-old golden retriever has been experiencing digestive issues for months.  I have been making her homemade food with chicken, brown rice, kale, yams, etc., but I long for the simplicity of feeding her kibble again.  I went to the Certified Local Festival recently, and the shop had a booth there.  They were very generous with samples, and I found a kibble Tallullah seemed to be able to tolerate.  I went to the shop a week later, coudln't remember the name of the food, but a very comely young lad steered me in the right direction!  We found a grain-free kibble that works for my dog.  Noble Beast also has a loyalty program, and you don't need to carry another wallet-busting card to take advantage of it.  The service is great, and the atmosphere is wonderful.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,7/21/2013,1710,1170,4,12,12>I am far from a french food expert but I had a great experience here. The staff are over the top friendly and accommodating. I love the cozy atmosphere inside and on the patio. They have an interesting cocktail menu and a choice selection of french wine and champagne to kick off your evening. We started with the escargot which was so decadent. I had the Lamb Chops which were the best I've ever had. The Scallops my friend ordered were perfectly prepared and succulent. I highly recommend you try Petite Maison very soon it is one of the best values in Scottsdale (dinner for two minus drinks was under $80).
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/20/2013,181,218,8,9,9>This place is really cool and a lot of fun. Inside is nice and clean. Hip music playing in the background while you relax and dine. The best part is watching all sorts of tasty items cruising across the conveyor belt right in front of you that one can choose from when something catches your eye. There is also a large menu that you can select from and they will bring it to the table for the same price if you do not want to wait for the belt. They also have Soups, Salads, Appetizers, Teriyaki and Tempura if you do not care for Sushi.Service was very friendly. I was gladly told by my server the skinny on what to do and how to choose based on the colors of the plates. Each colored plate is a different price and you just stack them up to the side for a grand total at the end. I watched the belt as it moved in front of me and I said that one. She helped me grab it and from there I was in command. Nice!Today I had the Dragon Roll with eel sauce, a Crispy Sweet Potato Roll, what they call the Caterpillar, a New Mexico Roll with jalapenos, and one called the Imagine which was huge with some Salmon Roe sprinkled on top. I like some wasabi mixed with a little soy and pickled ginger on the side to give it some kick.This is not what I call North Scottsdale high end sushi but based on the selection of items and the great value on top of the fun of watching that dang belt go by you while you are eating. I give them a thumbs up. Yes even cheese cake and other dessert items are available. Beep beep.Bring the family and kids. Great place to experiment or just have fun while getting filled up with some tasty treats at the same time. Look for coupons in the weekly mailers. I found a 15% off for today. Shazam!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,4/7/2011,2178,528,31,28,26>Need an Alvin and the Chipmunk get up? Easleys.Need masks for a glamorous "Eyes Wide Shut" kinda party. Easley's.Need a tail to complete a grown man dressed up as a kitty. Easley's.Need a pink cowboy hat bedazzled with silver rhinestones. Easley's. Need a vintage Hello Kitty brouche (spell check not working!) to attach to pink cowboy hat bedazzled with silver rhinestones so it can be worn to an upcoming yelp Elite Event at Rustler's Rooste. Not Easley's. Thankfully I have a designer boyfriend with lots of goodies in his studio. So that was an easy fix. What a fun place this would be to work. And it must be. Staff is always friendly and helpful. Easley's is a Phoenix institution. Like Jan Brewer's speech coach. Like Dan Harkins parking spot.Like, well, like an early fall kick in the nuts heat wave from Mother Nature. Easely's!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,4/6/2011,121,311,7,11,7>How does a little Vegan place exist in the West Valley and I have never heard of it? How does this happen?Well, last night I had my Loving Hut cherry popped.  I know vegetarians can understand how exciting it is to go to a restaurant and be able to order anything off the menu. You forget that feeling and it's so nice to have it back at times. Thank you, places like Loving Hut.  Most of the menu is Asian-esque, but there is a random spaghetti on the menu which I was drawn to. The homemade sauce included onions, green peppers, little bits of tofu and other tastiness. The sauce was awesome.With every meal, you get a simple soup (my dining partner and I were unaware of this until it was brought to us) which warms your throat a little.  We also ordered the spring rolls which were a solid choice.My friend ordered the lo mein and raved about her meal. Loving Hut is a great little place to get your veg on.  I'm sure I'll be a regular.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,4/5/2011,300,261,6,11,9>You can't beat the lunch specials here. For just about $7 you will get your entree, rice, spring roll, wonton crisps and soup! I of course got the red curry with tofu. The curry was wonderfully thick and creamy, almost velvety, and even though it only had green beans and bamboo shoots I loved it! I've never experienced that consistency before. So far marking very high on my list of favorites! I'll be back!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,4/4/2011,447,457,5,14,13>Fat free and under 100 calories* (for 4 oz.) Italian ice is a light, refreshing ice cream alternative to help lower the body temps. We're not talking snow cone or shaved ice - Italian ice is made like ice cream except water is substituted for milk. It has a smooth consistency almost like a cross between a sherbet and a sorbet. Scala's offers 13 flavors to choose from and, besides the ever popular lemon, cherry and chocolate (yum!), there are some interesting ones like: peanut butter, cheesecake and mint chocolate chip. Italian ice is scraped rather than scooped and served in paper cups. You can choose virtually as many flavors ans you want to cram into your cup without having to go to a bigger size. And, a small will only set you back $1.80. *Not all flavors are fat free and calorie values vary by flavor but for the most part, we're talking a fat free, low cal treat! (They also have egg creams, though I prefer to stick with Italian ice!)
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,4/3/2011,454,555,3,16,12>The price is right for these street tacos, rolled tacos, tamales and Mexican hot dogs at newly-opened Tacos Atoyac. Sure, while taco shops are a dime a dozen in Phoenix, the price point and taste can't be beat. The decor is very casual and spartan for now, but the value for a typical family meal make Tacos Atoyac a steal.The lengua, cabeza and carne asada tacos were flavorful and at $1 each, quite the value.  The black beans came to our table topped with cotija cheese and the arroz was reminiscent of any you'd find at any abuelita's house.  The "Oaxacan-style" hot dog was colorful and topped with generous helpings of sliced tomatoes, bacon bits and avocado and so very delicious.Horchata and Mexican Coca Cola are plentiful, and the Coke priced at $1.50 is the cheapest I've seen yet at a taco shop.Overall dinner for two was about $13, which included six tacos, one soda a spicy chicken tamale, a rolled taco and a Oaxacan hot dog. Not bad...It's easy to find at the NE corner of Glendale Ave. and 19th Ave., next to 7-11. Can't wait to visit again, and am looking forward to having another lengua taco, hot dog and to trying the tortas!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,4/2/2011,110,72,4,12,7>Okay so I've said before that I'm a big fan of owner operated businesses, and small local businesses. This place is one of them. You walk in the door and to your left are six refrigerator doors chocked full of about 250 different specialty sodas. All priced at a $1.89 and to your right there are the two owners and two helpers. One of the owners is at the cash register and handling the customer service and the other is that the sandwich table whipping up delicious hamburgers subs and the like. Very friendly and helpful!!!!! While I was there I asked a couple questions of the owners. One was do they weigh the meat before they load it into the sandwich? The guy at the sandwich making table shook his head no and said we want to make it good. Indicating they just cut a lot in there until it looks right. Needless to say my sandwich was well portioned. Rand H. and I both got a Large Ruben on Sourdough and split an order of fries. I really like this place for a lot of reasons, some of which I noted in my review. While we were eating I saw a few more orders roll by and they were all generous servings that looked delish.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,4/1/2011,463,250,8,11,12>Scale of 1-10 (single visit):8 Food/Drinks9 Service11 Atmosphere8 ValueGiant Coffee gets a rare over-ten score.  Its space is so well done i almost hate it out of jealousy.  The two-person workcounters and the long, unbroken shared benches are awesome.  I love how they allow people to interact naturally.  The materials, layout, and decor are all well thought out.The hot Chai latte was no Cartel, but it was good.  For the record, they will take credit cards when the bill is over $5.  So order that scone :)
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,3/31/2011,428,45,4,8,11>After a long week, taking the family to dinner Friday nights at Los Olivos is quite the treat for all.  The highlights for us are the relaxing atmosphere, good Mexican food, attentive service, cold Negro Modelo beers and talented mariachis playing music.My kids would be happy just eating their awesome chips and salsa.  We all love to get the tortilla soup and share that as a starter.For the adults our favorites are the Huevos Rancheros and Chorizo Con Huevos.  The kids love the bean burritos and cheese quesadillas.  Would have given it a 5 star except last time really did not care for the tough to eat carne asada (way too thin and overcooked) nor the margaritas (way too sour).  If looking for a good Mexican restaurant in Scottsdale that won't break the bank give Los Olivos a try.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,3/30/2011,458,172,5,12,8>First things first....I love meat! I will never become a vegan or a vegetarian. But I am not going to turn my nose to a restaurant that serves Vegan/Vegetarian options only. I loved the cool ambiance that Green offers. The staff is super friendly and gave me some great options since I explained my lack of vegan knowledge. I ended up ordering the mock fish and chips. Not my smartest decision. I have to remember never to order anything with the work mock in it. It doesn't mock the real thing, I don't care what they say. I did enjoy the fries and their artichoke dip was amazing. I even took home a very tasty cupcake. I would come back and try something a little more reasonable, like a salad or noodles.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2010,3/29/2011,391,180,5,15,11>Upgrading Gallo Blanco to 5 stars as it is now one of our favorite places to eat downtown.Even after switching to eating vegan, Gallo Blanco still rocks for us! I'd recommend:Chips & guacamole with no cheese (some of THE best guac in town)A couple veggie tacos (these come with no cheese by default)Other options:side of jasmine rice with green tomatillo salsaside of beans with no cheese+ moreBoth their red & green spicy sauces are vegan and delicious (ask for them!!).My previous qualms about their beer selection have been resolved. They have a tasty craft-brewed amber or pale ale on tap almost every time that we visit.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2008,8/26/2008,143,222,10,15,11>I just went there for the most boring piercing ever. I needed to get my earlobes re-done. Over the course of 20 years, the giggly girls at Piercing Pagoda have managed to mangle my ears three times. So the left hole regularly closed up, until it was all scarred up, and impossible to get any jewelry into.When I walked into HTC, I felt a little foolish asking the pros to take on such a mundane task. But the guy didn't even bat an eye or look down his nose at me. He said, "sure, we can do that." I filled out a little paperwork, picked out some jewelry, and away we went. The guy explained everything he was doing, and the whole process was rather painless.This was my first piercing at a piercing place, and I quickly realized what a fool I was for not coming in sooner. Sure, it cost. But you definitely get what you pay for.My only fear is, now that I discovered how easy it was, and how many beautiful types of jewelry there are out there (HTC had some really lovely organic pieces!), I might want more.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,8/25/2008,208,450,9,10,9>If Sol y Sombra were a person, I would marry it.  I would have to break out my thesaurus to come up with enough adjectives to say how simply awesome it is.The inside is sleek, sophisticated, and sexy. The outdoor patio is a little oasis offering a view of DC Ranch. Service is impeccable...the waiters and bartenders are so friendly and very good at helping to make drink recommendations. My husband and I arrived a few minutes early for our group's 5 pm dinner reservation this past Saturday and didn't realize they didn't open until 5 pm. A staff member had ridden up in the elevator with us and said it was OK for us to come in, so we sat at the bar and saw the staff put the finishing touches before opening (it took me back to my waitress days). My husband ordered a beer while we waited and when we went to pay when our dining companions arrived, he was only charged $2.50 which was so nice.The food and drinks are out of this world.  The wine list is comprehensive and offers something for everyone.  The Albarino is delicious...so delicious in fact that my clutch purse wanted some (I accidentally spilled some when I was there with friends...too many mojitos at the pool beforehand I suppose). There is a good beer selection, ranging from domestics to imports...they even have a Spanish beer made in Germany (Estrella).  The champagne I have tried is really good as well, as was this "Aqua" shot I tried.  The food itself is heavenly, although some things I liked one time were not as good this past time, and vice versa. By not as good, I mean only 4.5 stars as opposed to 5!The dishes I have tried and loved include: tortilla espanola, pollo colonial (better the first time I had it), soft lettuce with manchego cheese and rioja vinaigrette (the vinaigrette gave the dish a great flavor), pan con tomate, calamari (I liked how there weren't many squidy pieces since those aren't my favorite), and the patatas bravas (better the second time I had them). My husband also tried the asparagus (really liked the romesco sauce that came with it) and the shrimp.  We had the poached apple for dessert this past Saturday and even though I swore I wouldn't have a bite, I caved...it was so good!Even if gas gets to $6/gallon, I will still drive up to DC Ranch to eat at Sol. That is how good it is.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,8/24/2008,76,280,8,11,11>Followed up my initial visit to Mamma Mia's with a couple delivery orders, and both were incredible. Designed my own calzone (black olive, bell pepper & pineapple), which came loaded like a freight train (you'll have to forgive me, I woke up to GN'R this morning), and overflowing with cheese. MMMM... cheese. Again. Then the lobster ravioli (really rich - absolutely decadent - after which I was compelled to hit the treadmill as soon as I could move, which wasn't until several hours later). Also tried the cheese garlic bread and the Mamma Mia Special Salad (salami on the side), and I'm convinced - it's all good here.No problems with delivery - first time was quoted 45 mins, and driver arrived in 40. Second time was also quoted 45, but driver arrived in 30. Highly recommended.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2008,8/23/2008,391,272,15,14,17>I should never have tried this place...it's all I can think about now!  The worst part is that it's near my gym, so I am tempted to go every time I workout, thus defeating the purpose of actually working out.  Oh well, I can't help it... I love you Sweet Republic.  I love that cinnamon ice cream I can't remember the name of and the honey blue cheese ice cream is really unique.  You have ruined me, I no longer care for anything else and now I have to workout twice as hard because I know there is no way that I can resist.  You have melted my will power!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,8/22/2008,53,101,10,13,9>I was slightly disappointed with my Magic Mushroom Burger when I just finally tried Two Hippies' flagship burger after reading about the sober, blown minds of other Yelpers. But as I got more into the "special" sauce (probably shouldn't ask any questions about it), reveled in the quality ingredients, and remembered that I just paid 5 dollars event for a large burger, giant sack of fries, and can of sod-e pop I started falling in love with the place.It and the whole strip of stores there have a definite time warp effect if you are there around lunch time. The kooky yet wholesome collection of stores, mix of intentional and unintentional nostalgic decor, genuinely friendly store owners, and time-is-not-of-the-essence attitude of the patrons throw me back to my feel-good childhood going to pizza parlors and mom and pop stores in Moon Valley. It has a near perfect blend of Americana in the stores there: Burger Shack, Barber Shop, Pizza Parlor, Head Shop, Motorcycle Repair, and the soon-to-be New Orleans Coffee and Balloons(???). (Well maybe I'll have to hold off judgment until that last establishment finally opens, but you can bet I'll be there on opening day to figure out what the hell coffee, balloons, and New Orleans have to do with each other in the same shop.)Two Hippies seems to be run by an actual Mom and Pop who are actually interested in learning the name and story of everyone who walks in and making sure they had a good meal. Meals then come in sack form and are difficultly eaten on dense collections of bar stools inside or outside next to a bar that is too high even for a tall guy like me to eat from. But the whole action of kicking it on a patio bar stool while eating a burger mid-air out of a wrapper just adds to the feel and will eventually evoke a Jules Winnfield impersonation, quoting, "Uummmm, that's a tasty burger!"I feel like now have our "Big Kahuna" burger establishment in central Phoenix. It's not as refined and awesome as Delux or Fez, or as high quality as Welcome Diner, but its an overdue innovation for a quick, cheap sack lunch.But keep in mind the area still can be pretty seedy even at lunch time. There is quite a few homeless people roaming around at all times, usually including the war veteran guy in a wheelchair with only a few teeth left that likes to wear wife beaters and direct traffic. I also got to hear a long and drawn out "bitch needs to gimme ma money" conversation when I was eating on the patio.My only other complaint is that part of their decorations is a vintage cabinet Ms. Pac-Man machine that is supposedly in working order that they are just using as a table to hold flavored candy sticks and other crap. It's a travesty. They need to fire that baby up.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2008,8/21/2008,446,326,7,15,11>Living in the Midwest around the mid eighties in close proximity to Wisconsin, I was baptized in the creamy goodness that is Culver's custard. Low and behold they are now a mere 15 minute drive from la casa. My oh my, I am thrilled, my cardiologist not so much.The butter burgers are decent, but what I really come here for is the custard. Rich, creamy texture made with the finest ingredients. You can even go to the website to spy flavors of the day, which amount to mix ins in their vanilla or chocolate custard. Now I do not eat it everyday, and to compensate add an extra treadmill session when I do imbibe. It is so worth it.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2008,8/20/2008,835,246,12,13,8>I always have fun here.I went here on new years this year and had a good time.I did see the most pathetic lesbian here. She wore her make up and dressed just ike the Shane Character in the LWord.Al I could think was, WOW what a loser.and I wish I was that skinnyDo you have no personality that you wear a costume everyday.!!So I was with my girlfriend in line and we were holding each other. She walked away for five seconds and asked my girlfriend for her number.My girlfriend totally dissed her.I walked up and you could see the fear in her eye. She just kept saying  Sorry, Sorry, Sorry.Well anyway aside from that I like this place.But dont go in the bathroom unless you have to. There are always tranny's doing coke or k in the womens bathroom.Make sure and use a tissue to lock and unlock the stall
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2008,8/19/2008,156,35,12,9,9>I love this place.  I have had only a couple poor experiences with food here. One was a veggie burrito, What the hell was I thinking?  It blew.  Everything else I have had here has been amazing.  My personal favorite is the Chicken Quesadilla it is a taste de force.  The tacos are all the bomb diggity.  They are exactly like street tacos you would get in Mexico or from a taco stand on the streets in Phoenix.Another good thing about this place, unlike other taco stand type places I have patronized, this one has never turned my GI tract into a Wal-Mart the day after thanksgiving. You know, lot's of traffic and little to show for it when the day is done.Another Yelper said that a "good looking family" owns Mi Casita.  I will translate this for you.  He really meant to say "The family that owns this place has a  smoking hot daughter."  I have stared into her eyes many time trying to remember what in the world I came in for.  She has eyes like the lady in the famous National Geographic cover photo.Go to this place.Mmm.... I am starving.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,8/18/2008,448,260,5,10,10>Cha-ching! I got lucky my first time at Szechwan Palace! I had Helen Y. with me (Jason W. was along for the culinary experience as well), and she helped us navigate the Chinese menu, explaining about Szechwan cuisine and selecting some different dishes for us to try. I don't remember everything we tried, but the two standout dishes were definitely the fish filets and the water-boiled beef. The fish was cooked perfectly, with a creamy texture and a simple, sweet flavor. The water-boiled beef was spicy and so satisfying - my sinuses totally felt clearer as I ate it! I also enjoyed the soup buns. I'm not a big lamb fan, but the lamb riblets that Helen described in her review were good and would probably be a big hit with anyone who doesn't mind the gamier taste. The restaurant's atmosphere isn't anything to write home about, but the service was decent and the prices (about $15 a person) were definitely really reasonable for the amount and quality of the food we tried. Thanks to Helen for introducing me to this place. When I go back with my husband (or anyone else who can't read the Chinese menu), at least I will have a few already-established favorites to order!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,8/15/2008,296,138,21,20,15>When I hit a quarter of a century in years, I decided to go the uncharacteristically classy route and celebrate with something chi chi and razzdango. Exchange the morning after whiskey dents and zombie flavored scratch 'n sniff composure for a posh dinner out on the town.Now I'm gonna share a secret with y'all. I'm no gourmand. I like a fancy pants meal as much as the next, but I'm in the cheap mo fo demographic, so I don't know dick about fine dining in the Phoenix area. I rely on you Yelpers to guide me down the path of good taste when it comes to nice shit and stuff.Cha, cha, cha.MEDIZONA.It even sounds fancy, and I'm convinced it should be said with jazz fingers and maybe some light orchestral flare.An upscale, Mediterranean-Southwestern fusion restaurant?Intriguing.Rabbit and fig baklava atop a pomegranate balsamic reduction, topped with a quail egg and surrounded by crispity parsnip curls?Wicked fricken good.It puts fig newtons everywhere to shame. Layers of airy, buttery phyllo filled with tender shredded fig and rabbit would have been much too sweet solo, but the addition of a tart reduction grabbed that figgy sweetness and tangoed round my palate! Although I'm convinced that the quail egg was just intended to be a cute little hat for the baklava. Whatevs. At least now I can claim that psh, yeah I've had quail egg before, no biggie.Wild caught halibut with chorizo potato cake, haricot verts and carrots with orange caper cream sauce?Melt in my mouth delicious.Try to sneak a nibble of chorizo potato cake from my plate and I will fork you. Hard. You might pull back something a little stumpy. That was the most delectable little nibblet on the plate. The fish was super flaky and buttery, although the sauce was forgettable. And I think it's pretentious and hoity toity to call green beans "haricot verts." Merde!Roast loin of lamb, moussaka tart, mashed taters, celery root, mint oil, and roasted red pepper sauce?Eh. The lamb was ordered medium rare and prepared to perfection. Mint oil should be mandatory garnish for all baby lambs. Make em prance around the field wearing mint garlands until they're led to slaughter, where said garland will be compressed into the requisite drizzle of mint oil. Or something like that. Everything else on the plate was served cold though. Blech.The service was impeccable, the patrons gripe worthy. Our waiter was well informed and personable, although he disappeared half way through the meal, was replaced and we never saw him again, which was kinda weird. The customers he was serving were pretty inconsiderate. There was a huge party of people with kids rip roaring around the restaurant off in the side room. The waiter apologized on their behalf, stating that it was an abnormal night and that kids didn't normally frequent the place, and at least they left soon after that. I don't go out to listen to the rip roar of impatient ankle biters. Instant plus two for the atmosphere as soon as they left.But then a large group of older patrons came in and bitched about how they couldn't read the menus because it was too dark, so they turned up the lights, bent the atmosphere over the side of a chair and fucked it hard.So I think I'm going to be a downer on the super streak Medizona's having and only give it a four. It's good but I don't think I'd ever go back. Too many other fancy schmancy restaurants waiting in the wings for an opportunity to knock my socks off. No need to return.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,8/8/2013,892,390,10,16,13>A place with great trails, awesome views & hikers with lovely manners :)My favorite route starts on Holbart trail (off of 7th St) and then I ditch it and continue on Dobbins trail to get to the lookout point at the top. The trails themselves are not difficult, but due to the incline, it takes some a little longer to get to the top. If you think you're going to blow up, don't despair! Take it nice and easy & don't give up... unless you've got health issues, in which case, despair and find a doctor. When you make it to the top (notice, I said when and not if ;) I have faith in you!) you'll be rewarded with the most amazing view of the Valley! I have lived here nearly all of my life and had never used the word "beautiful" to describe it until I saw it from the Dobbins Lookout. For those of you who can not hike you can drive up to the lookout. The first time I made it, huffing and puffing and all red faced and saw that there was a parking lot at the top I had a Homer Simpson moment "DOH!!!". Then I hiked down, with that sense of accomplishment that comes from not dying or turning back, & thought "SO WORTH IT"! :)I've covered the trails & views, but now let me tell you about the lovely manners! Because I do love this about hiking :D When people hike they are generally happier & more empathetic. Here, among nature, this is what is normal: 1. When you pass someone (going up or down) you say "Good morning!" (or whatever time of day it is). Feel free to use whatever language you want, no one really cares, it's just a nice acknowledgment. 2. If you are too tired, can't breath or really into your tunes, a head nod is an acceptable way of acknowledging a fellow hiker. This says to them, "I know you're a person, not a rock". 3. Slow hikers move out of the way of faster hikers  (we don't care if it's left or right, just move) without any honking or cursing involved. 4. If you need to pass someone you say "excuse me" & "thank you" as you go by.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,8/7/2013,204,61,3,13,9>*****Coyote Alert!!****I love the Draw for hiking, particulary the Voaz loop up above Christianson trail. it is very beautiful up there and it is such a nice place to forget you are in the middle of the city. In fact be prepared to encounter wildlife. I saw a rattlesnake on Thursday and then a coyote approached my dog 3 times on Friday, and by approached I mean ran right up to him. I thought it was a brown dog off-leash at first. (my dog is close to 40 lbs-a Wheaten terrier)  I had to stomp my feet and yell for the coyote  to scamper away. I even had to toss some rocks in its direction. He definitely was stalking us. The coyote was not afraid of me at all but very interested in my dog. I was very lucky that my dog did not get bitten-close call!! If you have a small/medium dog-definitely take precautions. I found out that it is coyote pup season so they are particularly aggressive.Anyway, the coyote scare aside,  Dreamy Draw is a great place to hike the many trails as well as mountain bike.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/6/2013,205,173,6,5,5>A customer of mine recommended this place to me a couple months back so when a friend and I made plans to meet for lunch I suggested this place.  We got there around 11:30 and while it wasn't packed there were definitely more people than I was expecting for a place that had only been open for 30 minutes so far on a Thursday morning.  The sign at the door said seat yourself so we did and as we were putting our stuff down a friendly waitress came over and handed us our menus and asked about drinks.  We decided to start with waters in order to give us time to peruse the menu for a couple minutes.Now, personally I feel it would be wrong to go to a place called Philly's and NOT order a cheese steak so I decided to go with the Original Philly which was meat, cheese wiz and grilled onions.  My friend decided on a tuna melt and I tried to avoid eye contact for a little bit so she wouldn't see the look of disappointment in my face.  I liked that there is a big selection of items you get to choose from for the side dish as well.  I went with curly fries and she got onion rings but you could also choose from fruit, steak fries, coleslaw, a salad and a few other things too!Our food came out pretty quickly and I knew it was gonna be good as soon as I saw the meaty, melty goodness oozing out of it onto the plate.  The roll it was on was perfectly toasted, lightly crispy but still soft, the thing was loaded with meat and the meat itself was super flavorful and then of course you can't go wrong with cheese wiz.  I'm not even embarrassed to admit I ate the whole thing.  I was originally just going to finish half and save the rest for later but it was so good I couldn't resist.  The curly fries were great too, nice and crispy with a good flavor.  Our waitress was great the whole time too, always smiling when she came up to us, good with keeping our drinks filled and checking to make sure we had everything we needed.  My only regret is that I didn't come here sooner.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,8/5/2013,219,50,5,14,9>I have never had a bad experience here. The girls that work here are very nice and friendly. It can get realy busy here so you can make reservations on line or over the phone if you dont want to wait.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,8/4/2013,421,233,7,6,8>Few places on Mill Ave have stayed the same since I received my horizontal Arizona ID card... Rula Bula is one of them! And, it's kept all of the same 'charm' to remind us (whether we like to or not) of all of the crazy times back in college and even the times after we graduated when acted like we were still enrolled.Rula Bula tries to hold true to its Irish theme from everything on the menu to the band that will get you dancing a jig faster than a couple pints of Guinness. The patio is also a fun spot, but get there early to find a seat. I've always found people to be friendly and willing to share a barrel where you can rest your drinks. Don't forget to order a few Irish Car Bombs and sip on some Jameson. In fact, Rula Bula even looks like pub you might stumble upon in Dublin!Sláinte!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/3/2013,104,129,11,13,9>I began my AmenZone quest and journey back during the days when Amen took up 'shop' in downtown Phoenix. Gym was very much like those at thee current fitness centers. When Amen opened the North Scottsdale location, I decided it was much too far to drive from Central Phoenix so I began to a brief stint at another local gym.Once you have experienced the best in a Core and Boot Camp style gym, it's hard to try or go anywhere else. I decided to return to AmenZone and am completely happy with my decision. Trainers Tommy, Taylor, Summer, & La Mar are incredible. Give it all you've got for a session and leave satisfied along with an inspirational message that keeps you mentally focused on goals in and out of the gym.This is it for me. I'll never train at another boot camp style gym. I'm happy to share that I've kept 75 pounds off (***Why yes, I am a Size 4!***) and have gained quite a bit of muscle. I finally have the confidence to train for a full marathon. So thank you to Amen and all his trainers, as well as those in my training classes, that keep me on track and motivated. AmenZone -- a worthy addiction.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,8/2/2013,223,130,7,14,7>V-Day 2013, destination: Roma Garden Ristorante! Here is the synopsis:~Fud/Drink~Fiance got the Fettuccine Alfredo with chicken and asparagus. It tasted well and had the flavors just right, the sauces were just a tad bland and oily. I got the Linguini Pescatore with mussels, shrimp and other fresh seafood mixed in a white wine sauce. I see a common theme with the flavors not being too exciting for other diners, which is a shame. Traditional cooking does assume that the flavors aren't supposed to overwhelm the entirety of the dish. If the flavors to you are bland, then I might suggest a place that over-emphasizes sauces, like the Olive Garden. I do agree, the white wine sauce was a less flavorful as others in the past, but I hate tasting the butter in the sauce, its a big turn-off in a dish. You have to  consider you are paying for the seafood, not the sauce...By the way, the seafood tasted fresh as it could be, the mussels  were especially fresh and flavorful. The shrimp also had the flavor you would expect from an animal living in the sea. The seafood was executed flawlessly, thus improving the pasta dish exponentially. The linguini was also cooked perfectly. The wines we shared were paired perfectly for our dishes, and although expensive, really tied the flavors of our dishes together.Honestly, if you come here, get something that is special. If you get a simple marinara, spaghetti and meatball dish....just why bother? MAKE IT AT HOME, Lazy. Come here to enjoy something that is difficult to execute...that's why you eat out at a nice establishment in the first place. I hate seeing people complain that they can make it at home...Go home and let me try your outstanding dish, I can't wait to try it Emeril! **That sounds just like something Gordon Ramsey would say, with a few "stupid donkey's" mixed in.** ~Atmosphere/Service~Romantic...is what comes to mind, of course. Its a nice little spot with a cute little room for service, the tables are done up nice. No music is piped in, its a relaxing and calm atmosphere. The bar room area up front is done just right, its not too large/small or pushes into the main room ruining the vibes. High tops are available to sit at as well as a bar to walk up to. Our waitress Jen knew all the specials and did not rush through them on a busy V-Day night. Instead she took time to go over all the options and the wine selection. She provided us the best service I have had in a while from a server. She consistently would come up at the perfect time to check in on us, and she was so personable and friendly. When I mentioned the 10% check in offer (which i was unaware of until I checked in), she immediately gave me the discount with a smile. She received a big tip, she deserved it for making our night even more special. Also the busser was a gentleman, he quietly helped put grated cheese/pepper on our dishes and without us asking put our food in our to-go boxes. The service is excellent.~Extras/Rating~On an excellent note, you get 10% OFF IF YOU CHECK IN ON YELP! YAY! That 10% went right back to our awesome waitress, who got a good tip, haha. We also got a free Amaretto in a glass at the end of the night, really great touch to a wonderful dinner! This is a 4.5 out of 5 in my book, but I will knock it down to 4 stars because of the semi-bland sauce...But its a solid restaurant, instantly my personal favorite family-owned Italian spot. Jen once again was amazing, see if you can get her as your server. I highly recommend this spot!!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,8/1/2013,105,397,5,8,7>This was my second time to the Rhythm Room and it was fantastic! We saw "Mother Mother" this time and "Patrick Watson" the time before. Both performances were stellar and Rhythm Room is such a great venue. It creates an intimate experience between you and the performers. You really get to hear the music and connect. It's also nice that there's a bar, so you get some drinks while you watch. The location is pretty good and the parking isn't terrible. The bathrooms could use some updating, but overall, for an older and more intimate music venue, this place has got it going on. I cannot stress how nice it is that this place is smaller and more of an experience than when you go to a venue that accommodates thousands upon thousands. (Waay too crowded!) I love it when bands go to the Rhythm Room! I'll definitely be back.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,7/31/2013,234,226,10,8,8>Mmm, the Vine! I'm a huge fan of the Rural and Apache location by ASU, but this one is closer to my neighborhood. Great place; chill ambiance, perfect for catching up with your friends over a beer, or even watching just about any game. Friendly service.  Speaking of which, funny that people are griping about ASU students frequenting this location and being out of control . . . Found it to be the complete opposite here. Sounds like y'all are describing the other location! Maybe this is just my experience. Delicious wings, never slimey and always have come out crispy. Best flavors are the Superhot and Spicy Garlic. Thirty two ounce beers for $5 and under and Happy Hour is seven days a week. Thanks for having Leinenkugel Summer Shandy on tap, guys! :)
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,7/30/2013,455,177,12,9,8>Lenny's, why do you offer me such easy access???? Why!?!? All I have to do is walk across the street and there you are, calling me with your wonderful sights and smells. And really the cost if your meal cannot be beat! You can probably feed two with some of the burgers they offer but you may get greedy as the burgers are absolutely delicious! Customize your burger stacking your toppings sky high or order one of the combos. Don't forget onion rings! Yummy!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,10/8/2010,411,271,17,19,18>Don't let the "I used to be some sort of restaurant with a drive-through" appearance fool you - Dozo is a GREAT spot for Japanese food.  A place where the food is tasty, the staff is friendly and it is not over-styled and trying to be a nightclub.  The word dozo can be translated as "please", as in "be my guest".  My friend and I have certainly been made to feel very welcome on (multiple!) visits.  Sushi?  Oh yes!  Consistently fresh and nicely presented.  Try the yellowtail sashimi, albacore tataki or maybe a Dynamite roll stuffed with slightly spicy scallops.  Your taste buds will thank you.  Not a fan of fish in the raw?  No problem!  Dozo has an extensive selection of cooked items, including a to-die-for hamachi kama (yellowtail collar) served with a light, citrusy ponzu.  Wait, forget that part.  Don't order that or there won't be enough for me!  :)If you like loud music, shot girls and lots of California rolls topped with gooey sauces, Dozo is not for you.  That is why I like it.Itadakimasu!!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,10/7/2010,1070,742,10,22,18>4/7/10Wanted to try this place back in March when Mom and I spotted an ad mentioning Filipino food in the plaza, but we'd already eaten pho, so had to wait until the next shopping opportunity brought us to this area again.  Met the very warm and friendly owners-- we really do wish them great success!Since it was almost closing time, the food items in the buffet, and there weren't many to choose from, didn't look interesting, so we decided to try the pork skewers (the recipe of which the husband and wife team were very proud of), as well as the liempo (pork belly) serving that called out to Mom.  A combo plate of these two items also came with rice and achara (pickled papaya and carrots).  I also ordered one piece of saba at langka [saba bananas (or in this case, plantains) and jackfruit, wrapped in lumpia wrapper and deep-fried].The wait for our food took longer than I expected, but it wasn't too much of an issue since Mom took awhile to do the groceries.  The wait, however, was worth it!  I really enjoyed the pork barbecue skewers- the flavors really took me back to my childhood in the Philippines, when street food, already a daily ritual for us then (and just now gaining popularity stateside) had us sampling BBQ, fried fishballs (and the many different sauces to dip them in!), steamed rolled rice and tuber pancakes, ripe and sour mangoes (the latter eaten with bagoong (very tiny salted shrimp) or vinegar and garlic, and "dirty" ice cream, to name a few from food carts that were to be seen all over Metro Manila and around colleges (grammar schools) and universities ("colleges" here).  Writing about those pork skewers actually make me want to stop at Mekong Plaza now, instead of going for Italian or French food I was considering earlier!  The liempo, on the other hand, I could've gone without; I remember thinking that we should've just ordered a double of the BBQ!  The skewers were just more flavorful than the pork belly pieces.  While Mom enjoyed the liempo, she did agree that the BBQ was were the money was at, and the owners really did have something to be proud of!Let's not forget the dessert!  On second thought, maybe we should.  First, I didn't care for the presentation.  Take a gander at the photos, and you'll see what I mean.  Second, it wasn't very sweet.  Not even sweet enough.  See that pool of caramel sauce the turon rested on?  I did not leave a single drop on the plate!  Not because it was so delicious, but because the roll really needed the added punch.  Mom already knew it wasn't going to be anything to write home about, just by looking at the offering, but did wait till I took a couple of bites before saying "I should've just bought the ingredients at Mekong and made you those at home!"  My sentiments exactly, Mommy dearest!Oh, but the pork BBQ!  Run and try some now!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,10/6/2010,391,272,15,15,13>There are a million reviews for this place, but I need this for my list- okay?This is one of my friend's favorite places. She moved to New York and so I decided to go here in her honor. Also, so I could rub it in... then, she told me about Bar 89 in NY.  I guess it's basically the same thing, but even better.So, I have to tell you. I love the Pineapple Martini. It's just pretty to look at. A girl next to me watched as I took my first sip and immediately changed her order. You all know that I make love to cupcakes, so imagine what I do to martinis.  I also tried a Pimm's Cup for the first time and loved it. It's so refreshing and hard to describe. It doesn't hurt that it's served in a copper mug either.To top it off, the food is pretty good. I ordered the BLT with avocado and it came with waffle fries. Why does the waffle shape make fries taste so much better? Seriously, I can't resist fries in the shape of a waffle. I've also tried the St. Petersburg potatoes- I like anything with cream cheese and salmon, so those are always a go. I was only going to give this place 4 stars, but then I remembered two things: You can't beat the drinks at AZ88 and the host has to somehow remember what faces go to each name on the list. I was impressed that he was able to do that. It gets packed on a Friday night and he not only finds you in that sea of people, but he also remembers who you actually are. I'd just be running around yelling at everyone because I'd have no idea what the Johnson party looked like.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,10/5/2010,171,163,15,13,15>So there I was... on week three of my semi-vegan, all whole foods, mostly organic, low-sodium and low-sugar diet and I was pissed. Angry and frustrated with the way things have been happening lately. Two major fights in two days... doesn't make for a good pageant week, but whatev' it happened. Not wanting to relive everything, but KNOWING I was about to... only one thing came to mind... I want an effing HOT DOG!Now, I live within walking distance of Ted's Hot Dogs, but it was closed, I tried to think of somewhere that was open... a spot came to mind: perched on the south west corner of Priest and Baseline, across the street from AZ Mills Mall and a lil down from Carls Jr. sat the gleaming cart of happiness... La Katra Hot Dogs. With its Sonoran Dogs, bottled mexican sodas, plastic tables n chairs, and small tv showing nothing but Telenovelas, La Katra was the perfect setting for my culinary Wooo Saaaw. The first time I heard of Sonoran Hot Dogs, the sound of it made me sick. Nothing but unkosher, heavily processed food?! Uhh... no thanks! But I'm so happy I gave it a go because I have been missing OUT! We quickly got our boiled bacon wrapped dog topped with refried beans, MAYO and tomatoes on a steamed sesame seed bun. There is an ice chest filled with other toppings. Things such as: sliced mushrooms, shredded cheese, sweet relish, whole green chilies, creamy guac sauce, salsa verde and parmesan cheese (u know... the stuff in the green can).I was elated and a little overwhelmed. I asked my friend Beckita which I should use, she suggested the guac and salsa. I obeyed and added relish, parmesan and hot green chili sauce for good measure! I took my first bite and it was... DUH-VINE!Creamy, spicy and kind of salty. It was soft, yummy and could use some crunch, maybe some crushed tortilla chips on top? Extremely savory and filling. You only need ONE $3 Sonoran Dog. Their Bottles are $1.50 and cans of soda are a $1. They are open daily starting at 6pm and close 1am on weekdays and 2am on weekends. If you have $5 and need some late night food, then this is the place for you! Be sure to top yours with the salsa verde! It's the best!!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,10/4/2010,236,133,20,10,12>When I was in grade school, my best friend lived next door. We would do everything together but then one day my best friend moved away. A new family moved in with another kid my age. I effing hated that kid. He had a stupid name and a stupid face and he lived in my friend's house! How dare he?!Over time, once I gave him a chance it turned out the new kid wasn't so bad. We even became friends and he played a mean second base at kickball."The Main Ingredient? Seriously? That is a tragically terrible name." Is a direct quote from somewhere in the middle of a conversation I had with my good friend Julia T about the new establishment in the old Lisa G's location. Then after arriving: "Julia, they serve sandwiches and salads. Nothing here even has a goddamned main ingredient."But ya know what? The new kid aint so bad! My sandwich (the calvano) seriously good,like SERIOUSLY, and remember I didn't want to like it at all. I also had a bite of the tuna melt and it was awesome as well. One thing I will bring up is that the booze selection leaves a bit to be desired. Crown and JD are the only two whiskey's. Seriously, new friend, fix this or I am going to be forced to make fun of you with the other kids behind your back.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,10/3/2010,742,648,6,12,9>Recently I was talking to a friend about how much I enjoyed eating at Harley's Italian Bistro when the restaurant participated in Dining Out For Life. He looked at me blankly and then it finally clicked. "I totally forgot about that place!" he said.It seems that many people may have the same reaction because during several recent visits many tables sat empty, even on a Friday night. Let me just say, you're missing out.It's understandable that Harley's has been voted some of the Valley's best Italian food for several years in a row the food is delicious, comforting and affordable. The sauces are made in house, carrying on a tradition of from scratch recipes dating back from the Roman Table days, if you can remember that far back.Owners Lynn and Mike McGarry have recently updated the space with new artwork and fresh paint, but the friendliness of the staff is unchanged.The food is simple and uncomplicated. Roasted Garlic & Cream Cheese Bruschetta ($8) is bread, cheese, garlic, tomatoes and basil, then finished with a bit of olive oil. Nothing masked or hidden, the flavors of the creamed cheeses and garlic are tasty. I only wish that the tomatoes had been ripened a bit longer, as they weren't as tender as they could have been.Salsiccie Alla Vodka ($13) starts with farfalle pasta combined with sweet Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, onions that are tossed in a vodka gorgonzola cream sauce. This bowl left me reaching for more of the house made bread to pick up the remains of the sauce.When you visit Harley's Bistro's Web site you can sign up for e-mails about nightly specials. For instance, Thursday nights are getting to be known for Lasagna ($10), a thick slab of layered pasta sheets, sausage, cheese and ricotta all baked up hot and bubbly. If I had an Italian grandmother, I'd hope she'd cook just like this, comfort and joy.Available for dinner only Thursday through Sunday, Harley's also serves a mean Hand-Tossed Pizza (small $10/large $13). The crust comes out pale, but the chewy texture makes up for the lack of color. The many toppings include tender meatballs and juicy sausage, paired up with a choice of sauces, including one of my favorites, creamy alfredo. You can't go wrong here.Desserts include the usual suspects, such as Cannoli ($5), Tiramisu ($6.50) and Cheesecake ($5.50). After eating so much, we just shared a few selections of Berto's Ice Cream ($6.50) Pistachio Tartufo and Lemon Strawberry Sorbet. I wish that these had been served in a bowl rather than on a plate with chocolate syrup and whipped cream; some things are just better plain.Food this tasty should never be forgotten.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2009,10/1/2010,156,265,5,13,8>Wow. Even Lafayette, LA born Hubby was seriously impressed with Flavors of Louisiana. The restaurant was far from full on a Saturday night, but the customers came in steadily. It is a small place, but very clean, and rather sparsely decorated. At least you can taste right away where their priorities are. Hubby had the special of the night- three pieces of tender, perfectly cooked catfish smothered in crawfish etoufee. He had asked for, and was told that he would receive etoufee only, but got the special anyway. He loved it, but this mix-up is the reason for the 4 stars. Even though it was in a darker roux, which he normally does not prefer, he licked his plate clean. I got the shrimp po'boy which came in a large basket with fries. It was two 6" halves of a fresh baguette with lettuce, tomato, a zippy sauce, and plenty of perfectly cooked battered and fried shrimp. Our dining companions had an equally huge and tasty fried oyster po'boy, a side of fresh and tangy cole slaw, and a bowl of delicious seafood gumbo. Nothing was spicy, just super flavorful. The boys got the peach cobbler dessert, and even though we girls both said we didn't much care for peach cobbler, we certainly helped the boys polish off the big bowls when they got to the table. Even though FOL is quite a drive for us, we will be back very soon. Please note that as of October 1, 2009, they will be closing early on Saturday nights- 8:00 instead of 9:00 PM.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,9/30/2010,121,311,9,10,9>I recently had the pleasure of trying the mac and cheese with bleu cheese.  Yep, that is correct.  I highly recommend it.  They have a few variations/toppings for the mac&cheese but I'm happy with my decadent cheese on top of cheese combination.  Service is always consistent, and I'm always happy with my dining experience.  I also love that I'm supporting a Dem's restaurant (I'm a dirty liberal like that).
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2010,9/29/2010,296,138,19,26,12>Cafe Monarch is everything the five star reviews make it out to be and more. It's a must try for a unique brunch/lunch/dinner/whatever experience in the valley! I'm reluctant to review this place since I don't want to wade through patrons on my way to another lovely Sunday brunch, but my taste buds will not be deterred. (Plus I have until September before they re-open, so there's plenty of buffer room.)It's an impromptu fly-by-the-seat-of-whatever-the-chef-feels-like-­whipping-up type place. The kind of place where you show up to breakfast and are asked one question: Sweet or savory? So whatever you do, leave those picky eater at home! When it comes to dinner, you don't want a wonderbread palate ("Um, I don't eat anything green...") influencing the meal. Chef Christopher is a dynamo in the kitchen, and you need to leave that one man show plenty of room to create his masterpieces. No exaggeration, his dishes are crazy delicious masterpieces. It's like having your own personal top chef customizing something just for you.The fact that this place is BYOB makes my heart smile. I love sharing a couple bottles of good wine or champagne among friends over dinner, and the fact that I don't have to pay a restaurant mark-up is ideal. He's also cool with you brining in some orange or cranberry juice for  DIY mimosas in the morning. There's a $10 corking fee, but considering the fact that a glass of wine is often more expensive than that, it's a screaming deal. Be forewarned that this is a dining experience rather than a quicky meal. A much more European approach to lingering and enjoying the food, drink and atmosphere. It will take you a couple hours to get through everything from initial seat and greet with the chef (who doubles as the waiter/busser/todos!) to your last scrumptious bite. Totally worth every minute of waiting. Also, you might not want to come here starvin marvin. And definitely don't invite anyone you can't stomach hanging out with for a couple hours. Let's wrap it up:-Don't bring picky eaters.-Don't come so hungry that you'd eat the ass end carpaccio out of fresh roadkill.-Don't bring socially awkward schmoes that will suck all the fun out of the room because you've got to be around that for hours, man. Hours.-Do BYOB, and don't be afraid to bring a mixer for mimosa fun.-Do bring cash only, and tip very, very well. (He deserves it!)I now set you forth upon the world with the knowledge necessary to enjoy all that Cafe Monarch has to offer. Use it wisely.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,9/28/2010,480,193,18,26,20>Bonjour Mes Amis Dit mon la verite'! 5 stars?!? Ca c'est bon Lafitte's seems to be one of the nicest restaurants in the area, and still quite affordable, considering what you get for your money. (and this from a bonifide cheapskate) It was also nearly empty for Sunday dinner, but I'm sure that is something that varies greatly seasonally. Lafitte's is hidden inside of the Embassy Fountain Suites Hotel s.e. corner of I-17 and Greenway Rd, and is a little cajun/creole restaurant that really is a Lagniappe! The menu was quite large and much more varied than I thought it would be. (not all seafood) Breakfast, lunch, and dinner are served. Gumbo, Jambalaya, soup, Po'Boy and a bunch of other sandwiches, salads, pizza, entrees from pasta and veggies to fillet, ribs, prime rib, and more scrimps than you, Capt. Dan (and Bubba, en spirit) could ever get from a night out on the Jenny in the bayou. The baby back ribs had both a dry rub and a sauce glazed on while grilling ~sweet, spicy (could've been a tad hotter), tender and meaty and moist. The prime rib came in a slab worthy of Fred Flintstones dinner plate. The large portion was seriously somewhere between two and three inches thick, and the portion and it's demi-glace filled HALF of the plate, shoving the colorful mixed veggies to one side, and the side order of chicken and sausage jambalaya -- luckily in it's own little cup -- was moved onto the table to accommodate meat-slab-slicing-room. The beef was cooked perfectly to order (MR for me, R for pop), tender, flavorful with or without the sauce, and just the right amount of fattiness. Let us return to that jambalaya. WHEW BOYEE, it was a delicious dark gravy stew over rice that easily could be a satisfying meal on its own! C'est magnifique, I gau-RUN-tee! There were two different scrimps dishes at the table as well, which both must have been really good, because neither the saucy one or the pasta-ey one got shared with anyone! There is a tasty although probably over-hyped ice cream dish on the desert menu that seems like some sort of cake but is really just a big slab of Neapolitan ice cream with a tiny bit of meringue on the outside. Service was superb! Our server was lively, attentive, funny, and really nice. She was knowledgeable about the dishes, offered recommendations when asked (even a bit of a Miracle on 34th Street-ish: "I'd get one of the other sides, not because the sweet potato fries are bad, they're just average, and so many of the other sides you'd be missing are so good"), and was also familiar with the details (and made sure we were, too) of the restaurant.com coupon. The restaurant.com coupon was what really made this a smokin' deal, and I heard from a coworker that they have a BOGO in the Entertainment book ,too. Even without the deals, the menu is really not very expensive considering the quality and portion size that you get at Lafitte's. 4 out of 5 dinner entrees were all $16, with many choices on either side of that average. Lunch sammies complete with side of fries or ? are around $8-9. The ice cream conglomeration fed all 5 of us for $8. Not bad 'tall, mon cheri. Laisser les bons temps rouler !
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,5/19/2011,188,89,9,10,8>This place is so sexy.I actually spent my most recent birthday celebration here with some great friends because the days of parading around half-naked in nightclubs are a tad behind me now. They have an amazing drink menu here. The Moscow Mule comes in an adorable copper cup that makes you want to commit a small crime. I would also definitely recommend the St. Germain. It's a sweet martini, but one of the best I've ever had. This place also makes me want to buy a meat slicer and a slab of prosciutto for my own home.  Hanny's is definitely one of Phoenix's finest gems. It has a great deal of personality. Drinks, food, and tunes are always fantastic. See you there!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2011,5/18/2011,136,190,9,11,12>After picking up my car from the body shop, I decided to get myself a lil treat. Urban Cookies came to mind since it has been one of my bookmarks for a few months now. Since this was my 1st visit here I tried a lil bit of everything; cookies- simple (chocolate chip), snickerdoodle & the April special peanut butter, a bag of 6 perfectly sized brownies & a brown velvet cupcake. I sampled the simple & snickerdoodle & both were delish, I had the entire pb cookie & it was so yummy. I also had a brownie & it was super soft but almost too rich. The winner of the bunch was definitely the brown velvet, OMG was that cupcake amazing! I am not a big frosting fan, but I could have ate this cream cheese frosting by the spoonful. Total for 3 cookies, bag of brownies & 1 cupcake was about $19. Next time I am getting a dozen brown velvet cupcakes, that I may or may not be sharing...
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,5/17/2011,280,572,10,11,10>My husband should really write this review.  He is a jam connoisseur.  The only vessel he requires to hold his jam is a spoon.  And his favorite among the great jam producers is Cotton Country.  And I have to admit, I'm pretty happy with their product, too.My first visit to their store a few holiday seasons ago resulted in the best thumbprint cookies I ever made.  The delicate rum-flavored cookie filled with Cotton Country's Sambuca Blueberry with Coffee Beans jam was devoured by all.  Meaning me.  I also think their jalapeno jam is excellent.  Filled with sliced peppers, it has just the right amount of kick.  While equally good, the chipotle plum was just to hot for me.  The Cherry Amaretto Delight is my current favorite, but there are dozens more to try.And let's not forget the sauces and salsas and pickled products.  Even their vodka sauce makes a pretty good quick meal.While the country store may be a little far for me, I need not worry.  They're at the Old Town farmers market and Downtown Phoenix markets every Saturday, too!
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,5/16/2011,332,375,6,13,9>Great vibe. After you valet the car (you have to- it's the only option) you walk into an outdoor area very similar to postino Arcadia.  Head inside and be greeted by a lovely hostess.  We sat at the bar with a carafe of wine.  All wine is served in a carafe, ala on tap style.  I like this.  The bar is in the center of the restaurant in a super chic way that you can observe what is going on around you and kinda hideout or be seen- the choice is yours.  We were seated in what I think was the best seats in the house.  It was in a corner booth that was right at the corner of the restaurant.  Once we all slid into our booth seats, we all agreed it was like hunkering down in a basement somewhere on a leather couch.   We were introduced to Dan, the super slim, urban hipster server with a nice face and a witty personality.  When asked if my burger would be better with fries or mac n cheese, he asked me how often I eat burgers with mac n cheese? uhh, so yeah, I ordered the mac n cheese--- GREAT choice! We started with the Smorgash board that had pita, cheese, the most kale chips and largest kale chips I have ever seen, hummus, some veggies and smoked salmon-- it was interesting enough, but I probably won't be ordering that again.  But since they just opened, I am happy to try anything on the menu!Entrees included the waldorf salad that was only so-so, it was called "a bit too much" by a friend, the Barley salad was a huge hit as was the corn chowder.  My burger was good, I recommend going easier on the caramelized onions.  I felt like it started to taste more like a dessert before I even got half way through it.After we ate, relaxed and Dan check on us the perfect amount of time, we walked through and headed next door to Churn for dessert.  We passed the bar, said hello to a few friends we ran into, observed the outdoor seating one more time, and then walked though a hallway decorated in old cassette tapes, that was awesome!   At the end of the hallway was a bathroom marked "ladies and gents"- I absolutely despise shared bathrooms.  So that grossed me out thoroughly.  But as we made the turn, I saw the candies and ice cream that awaited me just around the corner....
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,5/15/2011,122,215,5,17,9>A recent lunch at Nee House changed my whole opinion of this restaurant.  The crab and dried scallop fried rice was as good as the best fried rice I've eaten while living in Hong Kong. The rice kernels were perfectly al dente, not greasy, well-seasoned with the right restraint and the breath of the wok shined through deliciously.  Fried rice and noodles shows the real skill of a chef - it requires good control of heat and timing. We also had the lobster with house special sauce. The lobster was plucked live from the tanks and weighed 2.75 lbs ($15/lb) so totaled approx. $40. The sauce was addictively spicy with sliced jalapenos and ample ground black pepper with the crunch of green onion tops - a little less sugar in the sauce would have made it perfect.Young pea leaves are one of my favorite vegetables and usually available only at restaurants that see a lot of traffic from Chinese customers who appreciate them. They require some plucking to remove the less tender tendrils so tend to cost more. At Nee House, it cost $13.50 per plate. This is on the high side but I cannot resist the flavor and texture of the small tender dark green leaves so have to order it wherever it's served.  I asked for it to be cooked with garlic. It was cooked to the perfect level (nothing is worse than overcooked vegetables), albeit a bit oily.The fried rice is more than enough reason to go back to Nee House.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2010,5/14/2011,134,181,9,18,9>Too many contractor types are straight up shysters. They're messy, they're rude, they're sketchy, they're sloppy, they're not thorough. Artie is none of the above. He gave me a free estimate on some work, which came in significantly less than a competitor (like almost 50% less). During the job, he was punctual and friendly, and didn't attempt to pad up the bill with miscellaneous shit. He offered pretty solid advice on other issues we were planning to deal with ourselves down the road, never once implying that we wouldn't be able do to it ourselves. Also turns out he's even more than a plumber - he does all kinds of stuff (drywall, tile, on and on and on). Good to know! At the end of the transaction, my painfully fastidious and critical father (who had been circulating about, eagle eyes peeled for shortcuts or mistakes) specifically asked for Artie's card, which is kind of like being nominated for an Emmy or something in Dad-land. Woo! Two thumbs up.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,5/13/2011,200,261,2,7,5>Fantastic! I vote 4.5 stars.  I can't wait to become a regular, try everything, and update with a fifth star!  In addition to great food, what makes Vitamin T stand out among the rest are the creative twists to simple good food.Just walking up I could feel the energy from the people hanging out on the patio and the (good) music filling the area.  I almost walked right past the patio entrance in front of the main entrance, but luckily someone else was coming out so I noticed it.The place was hopping, but it wasn't too crowded and you really have to expect that the first few days of a new place downtown.  Personally, I think it just adds to the excitement.I couldn't decide what I wanted to try first so I went with three tacos ($7) and the Vitamin T Green Salad.  The guy taking my order was super nice and seemed happy to be there (always a plus in my book).  Add on a nice refreshing lemonade for $1.50 and off to the salsa bar I go!A good variety of salsa and even a few non-salsas.  I loved the grilled onions, I could eat those as a side instead of a topping.  And then there was some sort of pickled carrot, jalapeno, and garlic concoction that I had to try.Standing at one of the cool tequila barrels, waiting for my number to be called, I was really jealous of the dudes on the patio drinking their beers with their delicious food.  As much as I wanted to stay and also have a beer (or margarita), SOME of us had to go back to work.  (Insert cartoon music . . . Whaw Whaw Whaaa)Finally, back at my desk, ready to taste it all!  Out of the three tacos, the Barbacoa was by far my favorite.  The Chicken and Veggie tacos were good too, but that Barbacoa had a flavor that still makes my mouth water.As a salad lover, I have to say this was a great one.  I didn't get any meat on it so it was perfect complement to my tacos.  Probably more than I needed, but I had to try it.  The jicama and arugula in the salad really make a regular salad into something great; and that creamy avocado lime dressing . . . YUM! Turns out, my nutrition has been lacking all along, I've been missing my Vitamin T!  Now that I know where to get my fix, I see many more trips in my future!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2011,5/12/2011,206,377,7,15,11>We were really happy with our first visit to Pomegranate.We went in for Sunday breakfast, and were very piqued by the menu and everything else this place has to offer. It's almost too much to take in at first--as you glance around, you see lots of interesting stuff that could take a while to explore. The unique menu aside, they have many types of tea and a great selection of coffee. The best part of the menu is that everything is fresh, and most things are configurable with different options depending on whether you're vegan.I got the breakfast burrito, which is available with egg or tofu. I got tofu and the vegan cheese. I had a little moment with the cashier when I ordered coffee with cream. See, I'm not a vegan but I was trying the whole vegan experience to see how everything tastes. As soon as I said I wanted cream in my coffee, I realized the paradox and my folly. He kindly offered me vegan options and I chose soy cream after putting his mind at ease and letting him know I was just a vegan poseur. My wife got the french toast.Hey, at least I don't claim to be vegan and go around sneaking bacon whenever it suits me.Everything came out within a reasonable amount of time and was absolutely a home run. The burrito was so damned good that I considered eating the three beans I had dropped on the table. It came with fruit and a fresh pico de gallo type thing whose ingredients remain a mystery, but it was delicious.Some criticisms I've read in here are understandable, and in the end this place isn't for everyone. If it gets busy, I could see the food taking a while, but this is a place where everything is made from fresh ingredients. It would take me an hour at home to make the burrito I had this morning. All in all, I don't give out 5-star ratings often, but this place is deserving. If you want a fresh, delicious meal, whether you are vegan or not, and like a friendly, casual, non-pretentious atmosphere, check it out.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2010,5/11/2011,369,124,6,11,11>Cibo! Cibo! Cibo!  I love you and your cute old farm house, your amazing pizza, affordable wine, awesome crepe desserts, and fabulous staff!I want to live in the apartment above the restaurant!! Go to Cibo for awesome food, charming atmosphere, and a great time for a girls night or on a date.  Cibo has quickly become my favorite place in Phoenix! *They're closed on Sundays...found this out the hard way.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,5/10/2011,171,163,9,21,9>My search for a new nail salon is OVER!! Thank goodness almighty, I've found the place for me! Okay, the decor isn't all ghetto like Nails Too and it isn't all pretty and sleek like Pleasant Nails. It's juuuust right! for under $40 I get my pedi on (with an extra sea salt scrub) AND my fills with polish. I love my polish, I'm going through a very simple and pink nail polish phase. The pedis are awesome with the technicians taking extra care to get all the dead skin off (gross I know) and there's plenty of magazines and of course a tv that's always on mute with closed caption.The minuses are... well I can't think of any... ummm... the fish tank could be better maintained? lol... gun to the head, seriously. lol. Overall, I love this place. I go often, infact, I want to go tomorrow, I SERIOUSLY need some fills. Hope to see you there!
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,2/4/2014,223,130,8,13,11>Wowzers, now this is an awesome gastropub. No ifs ands or buts about it, they have probably the best burger I have ever tasted here, ready for your enjoyment...~Fud/Drink~"The Burger", as they call it on their menu, is one of the best burgers in the world...its ranked. Yep, I know. I am not a big burger person, especially in the latter part of my young life. I am much more content with a fish or chicken dish than a greasy burger. But I must say I will gladly cross the line drawn in the sand for this burger. Upon picking up an already half eaten burger, I immediately noticed the weight and density. I was floored. It is impressively heavy, packed with yummy mixed greens, shaved red onion and the choice cheese tonight being provolone. The chipotle mayo is sublime, mixing the beef together along with the pretzel bun. Overall, this definitely constitutes the afformentioned ranking...its damn good.Plus we enjoyed the burger and beer $10 special which they offer Wednesdays. The entire tab including my lone beer I ordered on the side would have come out to over $28, however the special shaved off $2 from the burger and an additional $6+  on our bill....IMPRESSIVE! This deal is on par with other nightly specials in the area... I fail to mention the fact that the beer selection is very good, they offer enough lighter varieties for me to try, but they offer something for every beer drinker.~Atmosphere/Service~Inside it may seem a bit cramped, but its not...the layout is quaint and you are surrounded by fun sings and album covers of indy bands. They have a few TV's with sports on, and the patio also provides a couple TV's as well. It is darker inside than a normal food spot, which lends to The Attics trademark chill vibe. Waitress was average in speed of service, nothing to write home about. I had no real questions to ask...next time I will pick their brains more. Awesome hangout bar, really relaxed atmosphere, once again.~Extras/Rating~Wednesday...$10...Beer....Burger....Special... JUST DO IT!They get 5 stars. Why? Well, they have an amazing selection of crafts, an intimate setting and atmosphere, insanely tasty food, and heck, the best burger-beer deal in town..I mean, its the best burger and some of the best beer...IN TOWN, lol! Its a no-brainer. Bank it! Shoo-wop!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,2/3/2014,177,164,6,12,10>This place was awesome, we will for sure return! I found this gem on Yelp, always looking to try new sushi restaurants. My husband and I came here for dinner, we walked in and I became a little leery because we were the only ones in the place. We ordered yellow tail nigiri, gyoza, a shrimp tempura roll, salmon & tuna roll in rice paper, and a california roll with fresh tuna on top (I don't remember the actual names of the rolls). The meal started out with a complimentary cucumber salad, which was very good. Then we were brought out our order of gyoza which was a very generous portion with 8 dumplings (usually you get 6). After that we received our nigiri, which was nice and fresh tasting, and then the rest of our rolls that we had ordered. The chef had some extra yellow tail, so he made us a complimentary salad with it that included avocado and rice wine vinegar, it was fantastic! The fish was very fresh and flavorful, and the portions were very generous. We ordered too much and were stuffed by the end of the meal. We were however, able to fit in the complimentary mochi ice cream we were given. The service here was amazing, and we felt very welcomed. I would highly recommend Harumi Sushi!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,2/2/2014,104,129,4,8,8>On the way home from work yesterday, a friend wanted to meet up at America's Taco Shop for a snack & catch up conversation and chisme -- You know me, I'm all about good tacos & chisme! I ordered the Carne Asada Burrito -- delicious & full of flavors. Somethin' about the recipe they use for the carne asada alone makes it special. I look forward to returning -- now that it's cooler, outdoor seating will be ideal. Cheers***
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/1/2014,194,263,5,11,9>Best sushi on the Westside. They are almost hole-in-the-wall in size and decor but they serve up some delicious rolls and they price everything ridiculously low. Other places would only put California rolls on their HH menu but the $4 spicy tuna roll is like something you'd pay double for elsewhere. I probably sound like a cheap ass right about now but I wasn't always able to make it rain big face hunnreds on chicks like I do erryday, so I stay value-conscious. Try the spicy scallop roll and maybe some Soju if you aren't driving. The lady who runs the place always gives me a bottle of sake to go. I hope they stay in business for a long, long time. I love this place.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,1/31/2014,211,164,5,9,10>This place ROCKS! I've been here plenty of times before, but this experience from last Friday night was outstanding. We took my mom here for her birthday dinner. We called in for reservations & to see if we could reserve a booth 2 HOURS BEFORE we were going to go there- they said no problem! Upon arrival, we were seated at a reserved booth and our server, Diana N., spared no time to come and get our drink order! Let me just say, Diana N. made my mom's birthday extra awesome! She was a fantastic server and went above and beyond. She even gave us an amazing churro/icecream birthday dessert (I doubt they do that for everyone).  We definitely will be going back soon!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,1/30/2014,100,235,5,12,8>I was skeptical when my friend and I pulled into this standalone with a drive-thru that served nothing but salad. There are so many ways this could have gone wrong, but Salad and Go gets it right!Essentially you have about 7-8 different salads to choose from which you can add steak or chicken to which is a must in my opinion. Alone, I'm sure their salads are great, but I think 95% of the reason people inherently hate salad is because they aren't doing it right. Add some protein! The salad choices are pretty standard-caesar, caprese, cobb, etc. What makes them not so ordinary is the fresh ingredients and the fact that this is a quick and healthy lunch option. You can even get your dressing served on the side too if you're into that. They don't skimp on the toppings or the protein (if added), making their salads far above average for a fast food (and even sit down) option. They have two seasonal specials every day, a soup and a salad. The salads are a good size and can be ordered in wrap form which I prefer only because it's less of a task to eat.My only real ding on this place is the forks they provide. This sounds silly, but if you're going to serve a good, hearty salad, it should come with a fork that gets the job done. The forks here are kind of terrible and frustrating to use because they're so tiny. Honestly, if they didn't have the option to get the salad in wrap form, I'd bring my own fork.Other than that, this place is a delicious and quick lunch option in the Gilbert area. Bring your salad-hating friends here, this is a conversion experience!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,1/29/2014,83,88,9,17,13>After more than 18 years of debating what I wanted to get permanently scared into my skin I finally selected Apryl at 27 Tattoo Studio.Most of those 18 years had been spent trying to find the perfect tattoo, one with deep meaning.  I found that I could never find an artist that could match my high standards for these lofty ideas I had for my first tattoo.  After a dramatic shift in paradigm I decided to select an artist I liked and forgo the idea of a deeply meaningful tattoo. I actually found Apryl here on Yelp and saw some photos of her work and was blown away.  Her color work and shading are amazing and now that I've had my first session I was amazed at her skill. The detail in her lines, the great shading and how clean her work was over all has left me wanting more.I can't wait for my second session to finish up this tattoo and I'm positive I'll be going back to Apryl again and again for future tattoos.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,1/28/2014,197,332,8,10,9>Came here for the reverse HH and service was attentive. The apps and rolls I tasted were yummy and server had good suggestions. My favorite roll was not the healthiest roll..the Ginban roll. I also had a small Kirin and shared a sake.  I liked this modern & comfortable new sushi spot.  It's in the Lakewood shopping center next to Fry's.  I would gladly return.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,1/27/2014,155,176,9,14,12>I went here on Friday night for the very last drinking club or what ever it was called UYE that I am going to host. It is not a big place. Just in a corner of the Whole Foods store. Not too many people showed up but that was a probably a good thing because 15 people would have taken over half of the bar area.I was a very nice place. I have never been to a Whole Foods. They have a nice selection of beers. A lot of them local. They have daily specials and on Fridays it is $6 beer flights. It was cool to be able to try a few different kinds of beer. You can pick 4 per flight. One I picked, Four Peaks Kiltlitter, is a favorite. Another one was recommend by someone and the other two I just kind of randomly picked. The waiter recommend one of the random ones. My girlfriend and I also ordered the Tots, an order of fries with the green chili cheese sauce and a rainbow sushi roll.The service was ok. This location hasn't been opened too long so maybe everyone hasn't quite learned all of the roles yet. They are still working out the kinks. It almost seemed like they just assign people to work in certain areas and they were the ones that were assigned to the bar that night. To their credit it is seat yourself and they were pretty quick to notice new people had sat down but they didn't quite know how to be servers. It also most seemed like when our waiter came over for the drink orders that we had to order them right then or we wouldn't get them at all. With 30 beers to pick from it took a second to get choices down. But eventually everything was ordered and the drinks and food did come out pretty quick. Except they gave us plates that we really didn't need.The food was great. The tots are pretty big for tots but so good. Especially with the dipping sauce. The green chili cheese sauce for the fries costs extra but is so worth it. Wow it was really good. Later on that night I had cheese sauce somewhere else and it didn't even come close to this stuff. The sushi was made fresh at the store's sushi station and brought over. All the food is made at the different parts of the store and brought over to the bar. You can even walk around the store with your drink and shop. You can also buy items and bring them back and eat them there as well. Just no shopping carts in the bar area. They are not allowed.When the bill came I wasn't sure if we got charged for everything we ordered but it was hard to tell because they just had random charges on the bill but it wasn't more then it should have been so I didn't say anything. Big thanks to Norm R. and Irene V. for coming out. It was nice to hang out with you guys.This is a pretty cool place and I will definitely be back.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,1/26/2014,890,308,12,18,14>If there's a place in old town that you can rely on for quality in food and service, this is the place.  You get what you paid for.  Based on my last few visits, it seems to always be busy, which as you know is a great sign.  This is a place where you come for a date, birthday or just about any type of occasion you can think of.  These are what I consistently get and enjoy:+ Chopped Salad: BOMB.  You cannot come here and not get this.  If you don't have a big appetite, this is a must.  The corn, salmon and dressing does it for me every time.  You just can't go wrong here.+ Lamb Burger: Its very tasty and juicy.  It can be a little messy if you mishandle it.  So I suggest just slicing it in the middle.  + Kale Caesar Salad: BOMB.  Kale is a super vegetable that is packed with nutrients.  They make the Kale anti-bitter with a great balanced Ceasar dressing, served with a cheesy, toasty bread! Some things can break your wallet but if you manage to try to share your plates in your party, you will walk out okay.  Drinks aren't too pricey.  But if you want to keep the night going, I suggest heading up to their sister bar, Citizen R+D, a speakeasy that is around the building and requires a secret phone call to reserve a table.There's not much to complain about really.  For its consistency and quality, I will always have them on my go to places.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,5/9/2013,890,308,7,10,12>If you are reading this, you are probably trying to figure out if it's worth the sweat and tan.  Now that you are passed that, I will have to tell you that compared to its cousin, Camelback Mountain, it's a notch easier.  The nicer, convenient aspect of coming here is parking is a lot better!   There's about three little lots that is in the vicinity of the main trail.  If you are lucky to see somebody pull out, make a dash! Otherwise, you will have to park along the side streets and neighborhood which means more walking.For most of the trail it gets progressively steeper with some straights and flats.  As you get closer to the top, there are some rails to guide you.  The one thing that you should know is that the boulders and rocks have sharp edges.  You could potentially cut yourself if you slip or fall.  Definitely go at a gentler pace if you are a beginner or intermediate hiker.  The view is excellent once you reach the top.  You can pan everywhere and see downtown.  To sum up, it was fun, sweaty, and worth it.  This is definitely the type of activity you want to work those glutes and legs.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,5/8/2013,378,474,2,8,7>I'm such a fan of my Postino! I am addicted to the bruschetta! I start craving it after a few weeks of not having it! In fact, I will go bread free and NOT have any bread .. SO I can load up on bruschetta when I come here. This place is packed.. No matter when you come here. I want to say get here 'early' , but truly.. there is no 'early' at Postino. Just get here! Get your name on the list and get your belly near the bar and get your drinks ordered. I usually never change things up too much. I love red wines and that is what I go with .. always. I like the $5 wines until 5pm. After that, if this is where my group is hanging , we generally go with the bottle then. The bottles are priced at 3x the amount of the glass price. Not bad and not hard to figure out. The meat board is great .. the cheese board is divine. All bruschettas ...mmmmmm. I've never done any desserts here. Maybe I should . But I usually am not a dessert girl. So I use my calories on wine, bread and cheese! I only brought my star down one as the last time I was here our waiter was to split the bill with me and my flight attendant friend from NYC. Instead, not only did he split it, he split and added the full cost to my card too! It took about 5 business days to correct! I'm still a fan, though.Catering: I catered a small gathering at my place with bruschettas and paninis . Perfect and on time. You pay as you order.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,5/7/2013,232,129,4,9,6>I didn't expect a riveting experience at a restaurant positioned in front of a Wal-Mart.  But Salty Sow was good, really good.I've only been here once, for lunch on a weekend.  The dinner menu looks a bit heavy in my opinion, so don't bring your Veg friends.However, lunch fare is a bit lighter and was awesome.  I had the special du jour, a truffle-laced turkey salad sandwich, piled high on thick toasted sourdough bread, with arugula, tomato and avocado.  It came with a side of deeply golden, salty fries that were wonderful.  For $10!  Good stuff.  I also had a blood orange margarita (or three).  Tequila love.One dining pal had a lamb burger ($15ish) that he insisted was tremendous, and based on the fact that it was devoured in under 4 minutes I'll take his word for it.  The other guest had the pork belly over collared greens, and though I didn't try it, it too received very good reviews and the portion was aptly ample.Our waitress was lovely, management (or was it ownership?) graciously swooped by every table to check in, and I dug the modern but casual décor.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/6/2013,231,476,5,11,8>This restaurant continues to be my go to spot for Korean BBQ since my review a couple of years ago. Every time we go, the restaurant is steadily full with a wide variety of patrons. You can choose to cook at the table or have them cook for you. Usually we opt to cook at the table but a few nights ago, we decided to have them cook it for us. Same price. Usually, we opt for the $30 combo that has the daegi bulgogi, dalk gui, and the Kalbi. If I said it right, it is the spicy pork, chicken, and short ribs. That is more than plenty for the 3 of us...leftovers are the best! This last time, we each ordered a spicy pork plate at $13 each (my favorite and I don't really eat spicy food). I felt like we looked like gluttons when the food came out. Very good portions. I also love the panckak (sp?) they bring out with various items to enjoy with your meal. My 5 year old demolished the white radishes and I had to fight her over the bean sprouts. So good. As always the service is friendly and attentive. I have been to other Korean BBQs where if you aren't in the same culture, you aren't treated the same. Not so with CGJ. I always enjoy my meal here. Inexpensive and delicious food.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,5/5/2013,1078,310,6,10,6>I am so glad I found Shayne- she was just awesome. She worked with my schedule when several other CPA's I contacted only made appointments during business hours, so if you are like me and work business hours, it creates a problem! Shayne took her time with me and was very pleasant to work with and helpful. She may be young and cute, but don't let that fool you, she knows her stuff! I went in to her office feeling stressed, nervous, scared, and uncertain.  I left feeling confident, relieved and in good hands. 1 more 5 star review for my new CPA.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,5/4/2013,447,457,5,11,8>Had a great meal. The food quality is 5-stars. We ordered 2 drinks, the mussels, the duck bacon salad (fyi: duck bacon is not crispy), croque and mentioned that we would be sharing everything. I was surprised when they brought it all at once. I guess I should have specified that we would be taking our time and savoring courses. Servers were attentive and kept trying to clear our plates which, if we were ready for them to be gone would be good, but we were enjoying dipping the fries in the mornay sauce. On the 4th try, we gave up and let them take it. :)Prices are beyond reasonable for the quality and from 4-7 every day, get $1 off all food and drink items. Our bill came to $50 plus tip. Worth every penny!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/3/2013,420,461,9,11,11>Hobe Meats, you guys made me look like a SUPERSTAR with that awesome standing rib roast I picked up for Christmas dinner. After reading all of the awesome reviews I knew that this was THE place to go to make sure my uber-carnivorous family were happy campers and we were not disappointed. We paid more than we would have at the market but for the quality of the meat, we got more than our money's worth.The huge hunk of meat I brought home roasted up quickly to a tender juicy bit of heaven that gave Mastro's a run for their money. If red meat is not your thing they have poultry, seafood, brats and other sausage as well as a variety of sauces and marinades.There is even raw food for the four legged members of your family and the staff are friendly and ready to give preparation advice to make sure that your meat du jour comes out perfect.If The Bradys lived in Phoenix, Alice would have kicked Sam to the curb and gotten her meat from Hobe!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/2/2013,1350,404,9,17,12>What a deal, $13.95 per adult and $8.00 per child at lunch.  11-3 Monday-Saturday.  We enjoyed the lunch pricing and enjoyed a $47 bill for 2 adults and 2 kids.  What a great lunch.  Where else you going to eat for such a low price and eat white truffle oil infused ravioli, duck pot stickers, duck legs, prime rib with Au Jus sauce, mash potatoes and gravy, shrimp, oysters, scallop low mien, pistachio gelato , cheese cake, apple pie, banana cream pie, and plenty of other deserts that I could no longer look at.  Delicious calories waiting for me to fill my belly.  Seriously I almost ate all of that at lunch.  This buffet totally blew my diet and it should with so many great items on the menu you should find something that you will like.  In fact you should like it to the point that you will have to loosen you belt a notch to make room.  This could be the best buffet in Arizona, I have to agree with Rand H. on that one.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,5/1/2013,155,134,16,18,14>We really enjoyed Hulas and its wonderful outdoor patio. I wish I could elaborate more, but I remember very little of that night!!I do remember it was great and that I really enjoyed the Mai Tai's!!! Service was quick and friendly!!  Lovely place!!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,4/30/2013,690,342,3,12,7>Johnny did it again. Sens was my favorite restaurant, yet somehow with Sochu, Johnny found a way to improve on what was already fantastic.While I admit the location is not the best (especially with recent construction) the bigger space, the separate bar and dining room, the extra bathrooms, the expanded menu, and the newly added happy hour more than make up for it.The expanded menu is exceptional; including an expansive tapas and family style section, and accommodates veggies, vegans, and carnivores alike. The outside patio is another really fantastic element. Thank you for the heaters.Well done, Johnny!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2010,5/9/2011,216,161,6,10,5>Do I, do I not, the Brazillian Blowout, that is. I debated because of the horror stories - your hair will be fried, it takes forever, your color will be ruined, it cost and arm and a leg. So, why would I even consider it....amongst all the nasty rumours, your hair will also be straight and I have dreamed of having Barbie straight hair since middle school.  The lovely Christine chatted with me over one of my many hair color appointments about the many thrills of the Brazillian Blowout and corrected all my dim opinions. So, I took the plunge and went Brazillian and I will never go back to my frizzy hair again! I plunked down $150 and walked out lookin' a million, easily! First, it took an hour and half not the hours I had heard about.  Hour and a half later, my hair was gorgeous, to the point I could pulled a Charlotte ala Sex in the City and asked, "Is my hair too shiny?"  And, better yet, it has remained shiny and straight for weeks now. I am hooked on the Brazillian.  I am also a color fiend and Christine colored me the next day with no problems. I love it and you will too - I dare ya, call Christine at 480-734-3368 and ask for the Brazillian.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,5/8/2011,278,165,8,16,10>It seems that every which way you turn these days there are more and more gluten free pizza options showing up around the valley. Pizza joints around Phoenix have all gotten on the bandwagon since they see how big a demand there is for gluten free pizza in Arizona and how our little community votes heavily with our dollars - even in our current economic climate. Will I pay $15 bucks for a good gluten free pizza? You betcha!Spinato's was recommended to me by my co-worker as the best place for pizza in Phoenix. That was a pretty bold statement to make since there are so many good pizza places in town, and boy, Gary was right. I was blown away by Spinato's.First of all, the pizzeria is tucked away in a business park behind Tempe Marketplace and unless you know someone "in the know" you'd probably never stumble upon it yourself. This place is no frills - block walls, old concrete floors, and simple table setups, but the food is far from simple. It's fresh, cooked to order, and the service was fantastic.They have an entire menu devoted to gluten free item's, so there's no guesswork involved with ingredients or which combo's you can eta, etc..... I had the "Nicole's Favorite" pizza, which is Gluten Free Creations Signature crust, topped generously with slices of Genoa salami, artichoke hearts, onions, and lightly sprinkled with mozzarella cheese. It was perfecto!Now, let's talk about the sauce. I think their pizza sauce may actually be the best pizza sauce I've ever had. It was slightly sweet with loads of fresh tomato flavor, and perfectly seasoned. Each bite was a perfect balance and I had to refrain from eating the whole darn pizza so I didn't look like a total pig to my new co-workers. I politely took half home and then devoured the rest at 4:00 as a late afternoon lunch.  "Nicole's Favorite" is now "Jessica's Favorite! Well done Spinato's!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,5/6/2011,82,91,4,11,12>Went for lunch today with Rand H and Mike C just as they were opening for the very first time.  I am far from being a buffet expert, but this was nothing like the Chinese buffets I had been to back in Chicago.  As Rand said, there were over 130 items, including a Mongolian BBQ, a sushi bar, as well as a good variety of Chinese and American foods.  Everything I tasted was excellent with good flavor and high quality.  There is something for everyone here and at 7.95 for a lunch time buffet, it's definitely a bargain.  I will be back!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,5/5/2011,752,378,21,18,15>Boys turn away ...this goes out to those who dare to wax uuum , stuff. I have nothing to compare to my experience except a scary Steve Carrell scene in the movie , 40 year old Virgin.... when one has ones um , ya know , woohooo, aaww ,you know ...ya just don't review it , but then wouldn't you want people to know how unbelievable the service was? I mean the removal, ummm ,oh this is awkward. Let me just say I am going back , it was worth the ummm cost and momentary pain. D'Lisa is amazing the salon is lovely and personable. I will quietly recommend her to all my friends. Check out her coupons on local emails like Snag and Save....
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,5/4/2011,75,87,5,15,9>Deathly afraid. That was how I used to feel at the mere thought of flying in a small airplane.When I was younger, my parents would plan flights (in very small planes) from place to place along the California coast for family vacations. My sister loved these vacations with my parents, but I did not. I never flew with them because I was absolutely terrified of small planes. Flights on large commercial airplanes are somewhat bearable for me; however, in general, I'd prefer not to fly. My anxiety tends to go through the roof, and ever since I turned 21, I've relied on the in-flight bar to ease my nerves. But small planes don't even have an in-flight bar! Let's just say that I NEVER, EVER, thought I would have done what I did last Saturday... I flew in a small plane!!I'm happy to report that overall, I actually enjoyed (yes I said enjoyed) the flight my boyfriend and I took with AZ Aviation! I actually flew a small plane! I still can't believe it!!I've always known that my boyfriend would love to have a scenic plane flight as a gift. However, being the considerate guy that he is, he never really asked/pushed the issue because of my fear. One day, I saw that groupon was offering a great deal on flights through AZ Aviation, and I have NO idea what came over me, but I decided to buy a flight for both of us. Once I pressed the "purchase" button, I instantly had buyer's remorse... what the heck was I thinking buying something like this?! But Matt was so excited about the flight, I knew I had to do it.OK, so I'm sharing my lengthy fear of flying story because I know there are a lot of people out there who have a similar fear and would never in their wildest dreams ever think of doing something like this. Take it from me, if I survived and had fun, you can too! Most importantly, I have to note that I ALWAYS felt safe during the flight. Our pilot was a knowledgeable, funny and easy going guy. He was so calm and understanding that it helped to ease my thoughts. I truly appreciated his experienced presence during my first flight in a small plane.Overall, I would highly recommend AZ Aviation to anyone! And, if you are looking for a unique gift, this is it! They also offer very reasonably priced lessons to get your pilot license, too. The view was absolutely breathtaking. I got a chance to see Arizona from a whole new perspective. I had never even seen Saguaro lake before, and it was pretty spectacular from up above. We also flew right next to the Superstition Mountains! Literally, he flew us right alongside the mountain peaks. For a moment I must admit that I did start to tremble, but it was an incredible sight! I do not for one second regret this flight, and I encourage everyone to fly with AZ Aviation, even if they are apprehensive about their first flight in a small plane. It's something that everyone should experience at least once!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2011,5/3/2011,320,428,,10,8>It's a good thing when places like this open their doors.  You've got to take your hat off, or in other words support, local purveyors who introduce our communities to pure artisan craft.  The pasta is great, the owners skilled and authentic, and they are yet another poster child for the growing "think/buy local" movement.No more store bought Barilla for me...and hopefully you too.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,5/2/2011,279,329,5,24,8>I really had no idea what Caffe Boa was. I just had had a feeling it was good, and I wanted to eat there. Call it "gut instinct." But the name and logo had me thinking it was a New American or Fusion cuisine cafe. No, that wasn't it at all. Caffe Boa is Italian. And about as Italian as you can get. I mean, made-from-scratch, obsessive, "we know what we're doing so don't ask too many questions" Italian. Capisci?Oh, and the food...DELICIOUS. They do know what they're doing. I've tried a bunch of dishes, and can't really say a bad thing about any of them. The salads are perfectly-dressed (not a dry leaf, but not sitting in a pool of dressing either). The soups are homemade and amazing (try the Lentil if they have it that day). The Lasagna will have the pleasure center of your brain firing neurons it didn't even know it had. Also, the Voodoo pasta & chicken dish is like...it's just like "wow." The quality of food really can't be beat. You can tell they take an exceptional amount of pride in every dish they serve.The menu isn't extensive. So, if you don't feel like pasta, fish, salad, or soup, then you're not going to find much else on the menu -- there are other offerings, just not many of them. But anything you do order is going to be very tasty. Has been for me anyway. The ambiance is sort of upscale...but I felt at ease in my hoodie and jeans too. But it is nice inside. And it's VERY dark in the evening. They play Smooth Jazz and have a big wine selection. Not a bad place to take a date I guess (although I usually go with family).The service is...? Service is good...I might even say "very good" actually. But I wouldn't really say it's "friendly." More urbane than amicable. Think "east coast friendly." But even without a lot of smiles, they get the job done. Also, I like when places pay attention to details. For instance, Caffe Boa serves Stella in the Stella glass and Guinness in a Guinness pint glass (both of which they have on tap). It's a small detail, but it shows that they're aware of what they're doing. So, props for that.Overall, this place is very good. It's my go-to spot for Italian in Ahwatukee now....and there are a lot of Italian places in Ahwatukee. But I think Caffe Boa's food beats them all so far.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,5/1/2011,27,67,4,8,8>I really enjoy Moto's Happy Hour. What makes it great is you can get non-sushi items at Happy Hour in addition to sushi. This is a good compromise when you are going with someone who isn't wild about sushi. They do only offer 4 rolls during the Happy (Kalifornia, Tootsie, Philadelphia and Spicy Tuna) but all four are fresh and delicious. We also tried the asian nachos which we both thought were amazing! They are made with friend wontons some kind of spicy cheese, chicken and avocado. (I'm sure there was more on it but we ate it so fast there wasn't time for much research.) You can't beat the Happy hour prices!  For 2 people we had a total of 3 beers, 3 orders of sushi and a small asian nacho and it came to $24. One big improvement over last time was the service was much faster. This place is good for dinner and the AYCE Sushi on Saturdays, but for a first timer I would really recommend the Happy Hour over anything else.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,4/30/2011,398,837,5,8,6>I don't get pedicures often, but I treated myself today since I start my new job tomorrow and wanted to look extra nice.  I came here because I wanted to try a new place, and they are close to my home.I think that they've only been open for abour 2 years, but I really enjoyed my experience here.  Most pedicures Ive had in the past usually involve someone trying to sell me a million different services that Im really not interested in getting at that time.  I know its part of the territory, but sometimes I want to go in and relax, and its hard when you have an Asian lady screaming at you about waxing/manicures and how horrific your feet are!  (you need pedicure every 2 week!  Feet are bad!  u like a mani? waxing?)  even worse is when they try to sell u flip flops from Vietnam!  ($12 dolla for nice sandals....u like?)Ugh, fortunately, this was not the case with this salon.  She not only did an amazing job, but didnt try to badger me into a zillion different things.  She also learned me name!  Amazing!I will be back in the future!  O, and they are only open Monday through Saturday, with Sundays by appointment only.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/28/2011,327,204,11,16,13>It seems as though good sausage is a way to my heart...or so my doctor tells me. But enough about me, this is all about a fantastic Phoenix gem that I would have never known of had it not popped up on my Yelp app one Sunday afternoon; this is about Caffe Sarajevo.This Bosnian dive is home to a seemingly authentic menu, and an atmosphere that made me feel like I left Phoenix for lunch. As with any ethnic dive, I expected service to be absolute crap or absolute gold...the service I got was gold! I walked in with the girlfriend into a small dining area filled with customers speaking words that I couldn't understand while laughing and having a great time enjoying their food and company. We were immediately greeted and asked to sit wherever we'd like by a server who was smiling and very welcoming. After we sat down, he came over and was awesome enough to go over most of the menu with us, explaining each of his favorite things in perfect detail. - If you know me, you know I like dives... Also, if you know me, you know I love asking for recommendations, and love hearing those recommendations with enthusiasm. -  I was in heaven, and completely excited when we decided on the Cevapi (the sausage sandwich), the Pljeskavica (a beef patty sandwich), a Sirnica (cheese puff pastry) and some freshly made Turkish coffee...And here we go:I love coffee, especially strong, rich coffee with real flavor. Lemme tell ya, if you're looking for some good caffeinated mud, look no further. Just great. While waiting for the main dishes, we shared the Sirnica, which had just come out of the oven! It was literally a hot mess and filo doughLICIOUS! As far as those sammiches, we didn't want to stop mowing through them! The Cevapi was served with a couple sauces and raw onion, and the sausage was a mix of lamp and cow. Mix those all together on some freshly baked Bosnian bread, and...Yum! The Pljeskavica was a patty on the same bread, but had more of a lamb flavor to me than a beef. It was also yum, especially since it was covered in cheese and mushrooms!!Holy hell, I've gone on long enough. The food was great. The service was great. The people were all great. I'm such a fan. I love dive restaurants. I love ethnic food, and now, I love Bosnian food.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2009,10/6/2009,732,344,13,22,14>as I was thinking about getting something delivered tonight I remembered Delicious Deliveries! tonight I don't really feel like spending the money but wanted to yelp about all of the times I have used this service. they are awesome. You can select from a variety of many local restaurants to have delivered to your house. it is a bit pricey but sometimes it is just worth it. I have personally ordered over a dozen times. ask for coupons, a lot of times you can get a free appetizer or dessert which pays for the delivery cost and then you don't feel so bad ordering $40 of delivery. there was one time when I ordered one of my favorite caesar salads (cheesecake factory) and when it was delivered it was NOT caesar dressing but watery milk w pepper flakes or something really nasty and not edible. I called to see about getting my money back and they gave me a pretty hard time. they tried saying he would refund me for the lettuce part but not the chicken part or something really strange unless cheesecake factory agreed to refund them. it got silent on the phone because i guess he expected me to be satisfied with refunded lettuce so i was like ".....do you want me to call cheesecake factory and ask then.................?"he realized i was fiesty and not giving up until i got what i wanted and lets be honest, deserved- i wouldn't pay for a watery milk salad w pepper flakes anywhere!   so they eventually took care of it after forcing me to be difficult. but that is literally the only problem I have ever had with the many, many times I have used their services and is really not a big deal and i will totally be using them again when im so lazy that im willing to be a bit spendy.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,10/5/2009,1070,742,8,14,11>9/04I like!  Not all diners can take me back to my first months living in CA.  Stepping into this Black Bear Diner, I felt like I had stepped into my uncle's Buckhorn motel and restaurant (sold a long time ago), thanks to the comforting aromas of coffee and breakfast cooking on the griddle, and the hustle-bustle of a busy diner!Our server was friendly, prompt, and efficient.  No complaints there.  Still no complaints when we received our orders of the daily special of NY steak and eggs (which came with hash browns and choice of bread: muffin, toast, pancake yelp.com/biz_photos/blac… , or biscuit) and a plate of biscuits and gravy. yelp.com/biz_photos/blac…  Loved that she asked us how we wanted the steak cooked- medium rare to medium, please. yelp.com/biz_photos/blac…  Oh, and she was thoughtful enough to split our entree when all we had asked was to have an extra plate. yelp.com/biz_photos/blac…  She even remembered that I didn't want to have any of the eggs... cool.Everything was delicious!  The color/temperature of the steak was perfect!  I did ask for the hash browns be cooked extra crispy, and it wasn't, but no big deal, since we had the lovely biscuits and gravy to contend with, too.  (I suggest you get your fill of the B&G when fresh, 'cause they're not good eats hours later, most notably the gravy... ugh.)Glad to find another breakfast eatery to take my Mom to!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,10/4/2009,1114,557,53,19,20>This is a great place to relax and reflect after a hard days work. The lighting is perfect, the employees are very hand on and more then one is willing to help you at anytime. The servers are really quick with a drink and others offer little test tube of liquid courage. The dress code for the employees is rather lax, seems they can wear next to nothing and seem to enjoy that too. The AC must not work too good because some of them take off their tops to cool down while dancing. I wish I could work here. There are several men who dress well that make sure everything is as it should be. They sometimes swarm customers just to make sure. That is service. There is also a new section of the club. It is where the young new employees learn the ropes. They even take off more cloths then the other side. This section appears to allow 18 year olds but does not serve the adult type beverages, only water. It must be darn good water for $6 a bottle. The new young ones are a little hard to watch, it just seemed odd. I prefer the experienced employees. There is even a man in the restroom handing out towels for the germ-a-phobs. There is little snacks and other trinkets for sale too. They have a high tec little indoor smoking room that has some special employees in there too. It appears they wave the smoke around by sitting on your lap and dancing. It looked fun except for the smoke. You get all this service for about $10 per person. Not a bad deal. A movie cost $10 bucks and no one offers to help you in anyway.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2009,10/3/2009,540,167,27,17,26>Sexy. Sultry. Dark. Cocaine. Cougars. Money. Athletes. Location. Leather. Cherry. See. Seen. Smooth. Drink. Drunk. DUI. Stiff. Staff. Longing. Shutters. Downers. Drug. Mink. Lust. Subtle. Sound. Hip. Swank. Hillary. Must. Musk. Heels. Haven. Rich. Refined. Brash. Fur. Stare. Gaze. Stalker. Police. Arrests. Artist. Velvet. Yes.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,10/2/2009,391,180,10,13,12>hobo eggs dish = ridiculous. My waiter warned me that it was "alot of food". I thought, ok, it's gonna be a big plate of food.I was wrong, way wrong. It's not a big plate of food, it is a MOUNTAIN of food! twitpic.com/awqxk A tasty mountain of hashbrowns, onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, peppers & eggs, with the majority of it being hashbrowns. This behemoth of a serving had me shocked & joyed. Crazy Otto's made my day yesterday. I'll be eating leftovers all week.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,10/1/2009,391,272,63,48,42>Friday night and it's 4am.  You've been drinking with your friends since at least 9pm.  It's Scottsdale, so nothing is open and you've exhausted all the fun you can possibly have laughing at drunk idiots gobble down subs at The Philadelphia Sandwich Company (one of my favorite pastimes).  As you drive down Scottsdale Road you see Zorba's and flash back to your senior year of high school, when you and your friends would go into these places and giggle like the innocent little girls you used to be.  I decided it was high time I revisited this Old Town institution. Maybe it was the vodka, but I have never felt more comfortable and welcome in a sex shop before.  Usually I get that paranoid feeling that everyone is watching me and keeping tabs on the things that peek my interest.  I asked the nice young gentleman behind the counter to give my friends and me a tour.  He let me ask stupid questions like:-"What's your best seller?"  While holding the largest double dildo I have ever seen in my life.  Apparently Zorba's sells a lot of those, just is case you wanted to know.-"How often do you clean these things and are you the one who has to do it?" In reference to the obvious jack-off rooms.  He kept saying something about no touching being allowed.  He showed me how the little window separating two private rooms will unfog when both rooms are occupied.  So, let that be a warning to you... unless you're into voyeurism I guess.  He continued to indulge my inane questions so that I could get a good laugh.  Maybe he was bored and got some entertainment out of it too.  Thanks Zorba's for being such a good sport.  I hope you will be entertaining Scottsdale's youth for generations to come.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,9/30/2009,285,121,25,17,14>A coworker tried to make out with my boyfriend at happy hour here and I still freaking love it! I mean, what a great time, right? Sake bombers, sushi, random drunk broads coming on to your boyfriend because you spent too much time playing with the toilet controls in the bathroom?  Seriously girls, be careful in there.Thankfully, my boyfriend did not give in to Drunky McSluttersons advances. However, the fact that she even had the gall to attempt it is really a testament to how awesome Geisha A Go Go's happy hour is. Chick was wasted. Hard not to get drunk when everything on the damn drink menu is half off! I think we were drinking $3 beers and $1 Sakes. $1! Truly wonderful.The "House Maki" is half off also, which usually means basic rolls like California and Tuna, but nothing fancy. Geisha A Go Go's "House Maki" includes quite a few of the fancier roll selections, including one of my faves, the rainbow roll.  The sushi is really nothing to write home about, but when you got a nice buzz going on with aforementioned $1 Sakes, you don't really notice.To recap: Happy Hour is awesome, Sushi is Okay, Bathrooms are time consuming, Don't take slutty coworkers.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,9/29/2009,215,519,20,32,20>Now, before you go judging my speedy excursion through the desert, realize that any day now, your luck will run out and one of the several hundred cameras all over the Valley will finally catch you. Just when your guard is down; it snap your pretty picture and you'll have to pay up, too.In which case, I would recommend the Arizona Academy of Defensive Driving, if you're eligible. Here's why:1. I honestly expected the sort of half-assed, poorly executed service that comes from companies that survive almost solely because of govmnt. entities (much the way govmnt. offices and services are run). This company had friendly customer service when I had questions about whether or not I was eligible, and spent a good amount of time on the phone with me while I figured out which location/time/date would work for me and still keep me in check with the deadline to complete the class, and even sent me an e-mail reminder the day before my class with info reminding me where it was and what I needed to bring.2. Apparently there is an exception for Yuma courts that criminal speeding (below a certain mph number) is still eligible for driving school. I really thought this was going to be a nightmare to set up with multiple calls back and forth from a school to the court and possibly even faxed papers from the court to the school, but it was not at all with AZADD. I did in fact call a number of schools before finding AZADD and they seemed to be clueless about this exception - weird considering it's their livelihood to be up to speed on these things (no pun intended). Well, that was if they answered the phone at all! Too many had weird hours or just a recording to leave a message. Really? This does not help your credibility, people.3. The facility was a decent place - a meeting room of the Comfort Inn and Sweets (ha ha, I'm leaving that because when I do stuff like that, I shake my head and go "I'm an editor?" Hey, at least I proofread!) in Scottsdale. In the past I've taken class in that trashy strip mall where Yucca resides and in an abandoned school off McClintock that was equally as run down. Not to mention, the class itself was $29. Though I paid $244 total, all but $29 went to city and state fees.4. The instructor was not using his time in front of 60+ grumpy students as a springboard to his stand-up comedy career. To be honest, the instructor did crack a few jokes, but they were actually funny, particularly when he made fun of those inevitable students who have their endless "hypothesis" questions or want to argue why a law shouldn't be a law. It is, d-bag; get over it and let's move on.5. The instructor knew his stuff. It was impressive, really. If you've ever been to a driving class, you know there are actually a lot of myths out there about what is legal and what is not legal and vice versa. He cleared all that up and even knew why a lot of the misperceptions existed in the first place - I can honestly say I learned a lot of *useful* information.6. The instructor knew when to breeze through a topic (i.e. how to drive in the rain or basic common sense stuff) and when to spend more time discussing shit we actually care about (i.e. do I really have to pay that camera ticket?)Traffic school already sucks, so you might was well get a good company to help you through it!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,9/28/2009,346,210,7,10,7>I came here for happy hour and left a happy camper. Everything on the menu sounded great and we finally decided on the queso con carnitas and the big ass burger. The appetizer was very flavorful the only thing I didn't like is that there was more meat than queso so it was kind of hard to eat. The big ass burger was the best burger I have ever had. It came with chipotle mayo that wasn't very flavorful but the burger didn't need anything added on to it. The meat was amazing and melted in your mouth. I ate half of the burger and was full for the rest of the night.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,9/27/2009,280,572,16,16,15>I scheduled my vehicle for shocks.  Somehow I ended up with an oil change instead.  Ted apologized profusely, gave me a lift home, and called back within an hour to say their mechanic would stay late to get the correct repair done tonight so that I could pick up the vehicle first thing in the morning.  He also let me in on the special of "buy shocks, get free oil change."I'm actually raising my rating by a star in spite of the mistake based on how it was handled.  Too bad they didn't accidentally change the spark plugs.  I could have used that error.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,1/2/2011,540,167,12,17,12>I hike Squaw/Piestewa Peak pretty much every day because of abode proximity but I think Cholla trail is my favorite in the Valley. I hiked it today, in fact, with the notorious Amber W and Nathan S. Park on 64th St (Invergordon). Hike to the hike (10 mins from parking to hiking) and break some hearts with your sexy new legs, which this multi-difficulty level trail grants to the faithful. I'm the guy with the weighted vest that looks like a terrorist sport coat. I promise, they're just 3lb lead weights. The only TNT is my beating heart. A hike to the halfway point is about 45 minutes for what I'm going to describe as the average person, even though I've met you and know instinctually you're most certainly not average. The second half of the hike is more challenging. Steep drop offs. Cliffs. Edges. And the like. Just use a modicum of caution and you'll be fine. The best part though, is that you can easily sprint down the Cholla trail. Like, by sprint, I mean run as fast as you can. Book it. It's a freaking video game for your mind, body, soul triumvirate. I don't like the Echo Canyon hike off Lincoln. It's steeper, less amazing scenery, and I just feel totally weird about it every time I do it. Like the mojo is bad. However, a hike to the top from either side is a wildly splendid view. We live in one of the most amazing metro areas in the world. To have these hikes so available is just so lucky. Take advantage!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2010,1/1/2011,362,221,16,17,9>Lolo's gets 5 stars for the waffles alone. The chicken is irrelevant to me. They could call it Lolo's Waffles & I'd be there all the time.The sweet potatoes, and the corn on the weekends are great too. The chicken & eggs are also tasty, but merely an afterthought to those delicious waffles.Lolo's is great at responding to their customers on Twitter, and service at this location has always been really friendly. Get there before 10AM on the weekends for a quick table.They are not open past 3PM except on Fridays, which is a good thing, because if they were my ass would be twice as big.I love you Lolo's, keep making those amazing waffles.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2010,12/31/2010,236,133,15,22,23>He confidently pushed the menu to the edge of the table with a hand calloused, wrinkled and bent by time and years of hard work fixing cars and pushing brooms. "I don't need the menu. I have been coming here for 30 years and they have the best chicken fried steak I have had in my life.""Hey, I know better than to doubt you, grandpa." replied the young man with the same face, minus 40 years and 30 lbs but with the benefit of an extra 4 inches in height.The old man ordered a lemonade to wash it down and the kid took a sweet tea, both ariving in giant plastic cups that reminded the kid, now nearly 30 of his childhood summers spent with his family in El Paso,Texas with his father's family who had moved with the army from Mississippi many years before he was born but brought the traditions of cooking for taste and comfort and damned be anyone for telling them it wasn't healthy.They sat quietly, tired from a morning of moving furniture into the young man's new home, reading the signatures on the wall. The old man pointed out and explained who some of the old-timers were, mostly polititians and actors who, while big in their day, were not legendary enough to cary into the vernacular of pop culture 30 years later, and the young man pointing out and explaining the athletes and musicians of his era.The waiter dropped off their chicken fried steaks along with their sides: Red beans, rice with gravy, greens and potatoes. They grinned in acknowledement of having made the right choices and began to eat."You know, her son opened a chicken and waffle place not too far from here." ther kid said, "but you are right; this place is better. Thanks for your help today grandpa."
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,12/30/2010,1070,742,14,23,20>Arrived back from a terrific meal at Beckett's Table!  Before I wax on, I would like to say kudos to the Becketts and Stephens' on their 2nd opening night!  FOH was in fine form (from the immediate greeting at the hosts' stand; to server Cort's affable personality & eagerness to please, as well as server Travis' assistance throughout the evening; and yet another server's readiness to show me to the restroom, instead of pointing the way.  (An example of four-diamond service, and I should know, since we're given the four-diamond spiel daily where I work!)  When I inquired deeper into the Legend City cocktail's ingredients, Cort offered to have Scott Stephens, the drink's inventor and BT's co-owner, come out to greet and tell me about it himself!  As soon as I crossed the wide-open sliding-door glass panels and into the restaurant, I was in-love w/ the ambience!  It's rustic St. Francis (and a little bit of The Parlor) meets laid-back, yet mysteriously sexy Olive & Ivy.  (Think what you will about these venues' food and ambience, but I happen to love the spaces of all three!)  Really liked how I could watch what was going on in the kitchen, bar, community tables, and the main dining room w/out being subjected to too much noise.  Even the restroom door had a bit of novelty to it- go check it out and see what I mean.Alright, so what about the food??  Where shall I start??Let me preface by saying that I already knew what I wanted, having checked out the menu online after reading about Opening Night at BT (but I'd already eaten, darn it!), but I played along and had a look at the lovely watermarked printed menu Cort gave me.  Didn't know if I felt like  having cockails or wine yet, so I asked for the Bacon cheddar biscuits and the Mac 'n Cheese w/ pancetta, please.  Wanted to try the Legend City cocktail, but wasn't sure what "ricard" was (and now know, thanks to Scott!).  When Cort came back for my drink order, I asked "the short ribs (a fave of one of the hosts'), or the osso bucco?"  W/out batting an eyelash, Cort said "get the osso bucco; it's my favorite on the entire menu!"  Sold!  As I waited for my biscuits and macaroni dish, I spied next table's inhabitants (Hi Karen and Elsa!) breaking into their table bread, so I asked Cort if I could have some, too, please!  Looking all around me, at the hustle-bustle of the kitchen and everyone's smiling faces, I knew I was in for a treat!The bacon cheddar biscuits were delightful!  Loved the crusty cheese topping, and I enjoyed feeling the weight of the biscuit in my hands as I tore off a piece to peer inside-- it was like I was on slow-mo' breaking bread!  (Cue in "Six Billion Dollar Man" bionic sound effect here.)  You must order this and smell the aroma!  It tasted heavenly, and while the apple-honey butter was tasty, its presence wasn't needed.  The complimentary bread rolls were also delicious!  Take away the biscuits and leave me the rolls, and I'd still be happy!  Don't forget to mention the mac 'n cheese!  They don't make the pastas in-house, but they are ordered in especially ("no ordinary pasta," said Cort).  The tasty cream sauce consisted of a blend of some of my favorite cheeses, which included asiago, fontina, manchego, and white cheddar.  Crispy pancetta on top sealed the deal.  I may just have to order this side dish every time I visit!Next came the pork osso bucco confit.  I neglected to ask which local butcher shop the pork came from, so I can't say.  However, I will say that this dish, on the whole, was a beauty!  It came w/ butternut squash spaetzle (so pretty!) and crisp roasted veggies (golden beets, yellow squash, brussels sprouts, shallots, and perhaps leeks).  The pork confit sat atop a lovely and piquant black pepper reduction.  While I thought that the presentation could've been better (the pork itself didn't look quite finished, temp-wise, but I assure you it was!), the textures and flavor bouquets in this dish were very pleasing, indeed.So what came next?  Could anything else impress me after all I've tried?  Ah, yes.  I ordered the Death By Chocolate, which was chocolate ganache on top of dense chocolate cake filled w/ chocolate buttercream, w/ a dusting of finely-grated chocolate on top.  Y'know, just for looks.  Jeez-louise!  Talk about killing me softly!  I've achieved transcendence.  For now.I'll be back- thanks BT!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,12/29/2010,848,353,23,19,21>HOTTEST WAITER IN CENPHO ALERT!  I went tonight with Tony A for my first (finally!) visit to St. Francis.  I had first heard about it from Sunny B. and couldn't find it for a week after I read her review.  Duh!   It's right next to my bank!  When Tony suggested we go, I jumped right on that bandwagon!We had about a 15 minute wait.  The place looked packed, so 15 minutes was fine.  We sat outside and chatted for a bit.  We even talked about how cool it would be if we could sit upstairs.  Guess what?  WE WERE SEATED UPSTAIRS!!   Que milagro!Our waiter.  *sigh*  I shall hereforth refer to him as Dreamboat Brandon.  (spell check says "hereforth" isn't a word.  Is it???)  First of all, anyone who can deal with Tony and I together get major kudos.  We can be...raunchy brats when together.  Dreamboat Brandon rode the wave.  Great service on keeping our drinks filled and not hovering, even though the both of us would have loved that!I had the ahi sandwich, based on other reviews.  YUMMY!  It came with avocado and tomatoes and what I *think* was a horseradish mayo.  There was a little cup of homemade potato chips on the side.  Nice, thick (no, I'm not talking about Dreamboat Brandon!) steak of ahi on a thick Kasier-type roll.  The Arnold Palmer was made with mango iced tea, which was totally perfect with my meal.I love the decor!  Tony said I *had* to check out the bathroom.  Good thing I had to pee.  I couldn't figure out how to open the door to the WOMEN'S restroom and then it opened from inside...by a guy.  He said he couldn't wait.  I gave him the lecture on how WE have to wait in line at concerts and footballs games.  AND he had left the seat up.  Anyway, the bathroom was really funky.  There's even a safe in the wall, which I tried, while peeing, to open.  To no avail.  All of the staff was friendly and it was just a really cool atmosphere.  It's definitely a place CenPho needed.  I have never seen it empty, even on weeknights.  I am glad that it's so close to home.  I am also glad that they seem to be doing pretty well.  I would hate to see Dreamboat Brandon without a job.  Of course, I do need an assistant...
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,12/28/2010,480,193,18,21,19>Make whatever jokes you want about the name as if you're a homophobic 7th grade boy, but Dick's Hideaway has really got a great menu of American food.  Might not be a burger, fry, and shake diner, but New Mexican cuisine is American all the way, and as a matter of fact, among their many southwestern tinged dishes, they've got a superb thick, juicy burger, grilled up on an open flame right in front of you as you sit at the bar, with some great fries AND a nice full plate of dark green salad for somewhere around 11 bucks-ish (last I was aware).
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,12/26/2010,425,213,7,20,9>I came here for the first time on a Tuesday night to learn the East Cost Swing.  I was filled with trepidation.  I found it hard to imagine how one could learn an entire dance in thirty minute's time, and then be expected to swing around the dance floor with swing savvy partners.There are two types of people in the dancing world: those that can and those that can't.  When you possess a natural rhythm, you can always improvise if you know what an eight count is.  If you have no rhythm, no amount of improvisation will make you or your partner look good.FatCat is one of those places where novice and expert come together for a swingin' good time.Among the many other styles of dance classes offered here, ranging from 5-7 dollars a night, Tuesday night is Swing dancing night.My partner and I arrived at 7:30PM.  The ballroom was filled with about 150 people.  A male and female instructor came out in the middle of our circle and began the instruction with the simple art of bouncing from one foot to the other, stepping back, triple stepping to the left and right.  Once we had the steps down, turns were implemented, then came the twirls, and I marveled at how easy it was.  As we were encouraged to practice with a partner, the large circle of swinging hopefuls rotated after each new step learned.  This increased the anxiety level for me, as I had to get to know a new dance partner every minute.  However, the upside of this is that each new partner taught me something new, and I learned for the first time how to let somebody lead.  Gentle hint for the men out there: The pressure is on you.  You have to know how to lead the woman.  If she doesn't know what she's doing, like I did, you need to know how to guide and coach her through the steps.  (Which worked wonders for me)There was such an eclectic mix of people there.  Young and old, as well as varying cultural and ethnic backgrounds.Within a half hour, the instructor felt we were ready to embrace the dance floor.  The invitation was open to seek out a new partner, or find our old one amidst the sweating bodies.The music makes you feel like you are on the set of "Swing Kids," the jazz is two and three-step, which gives you no other choice than to wear yourself out.  In the crowd you will spy guys and gals dressed in jazzy clothes, swinging around the dance floor.  It is great entertainment, great exercise, and such a fun date!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2010,12/25/2010,229,141,7,8,7>Why in the world do I even still go to Mill Ave, after all of the terrible dining and social experiences I've had there? Believe it or not folks but there is a logical answer to this. Robbie Fox's that's what! Introduced to me by Mr. Evan L., it took a huge amount of restraint on my part to keep from writing a review just after that one dining experience. So I just waited until after my recent visit on yesterday to this fantastic pub. I like their Happy Hour...I like it, a lot...$2 premium well drinks!!! Can you say, besides Ameerah you're an alcoholic, Great deal!? Well I can. Plus yummy appetizers are half off. You just can't beat it. Flavorful shrimp with cheese bread smothered in a garlicy sauce...the most delicious and huge fried oysters I've ever gotten in any restaurant here in Az, with an awesome aioli sauce! My cranberry and vodkas were perfect, how could they not be?! Now that I've made myself terribly hungry just thinking about the awesomeness I ingested the other day I think I will wrap up this review with this, mmmm...foxy!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,12/24/2010,446,326,6,9,9>I was being stingy not reviewing this spot. I wanted to get several visits under my belt before the yelpbump. Now that the word is out, time to join the party.Simply delicious no frills food. Love the mole and the cochinita  pibal. Salsa bar varies from visit to visit, although each time I have visited the cilantro cream has always been there. Like crack I tell you, great condiment to play start a fire put it out with. If the strawberry salsa is available send me a message, I'll be there in a heartbeat. Liquor license has been applied for which could bump them up a star depending on what they pour.Open seven days a week, you have to love that. I am actually looking forward to when the yelpbump quiets down a bit. Although it is quite fun to watch people come in, do their photo shoot, alert the world and gaze lovingly at the salsa bar.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,12/23/2010,185,167,6,7,6>Gabi you are so awesome! G- spot pleasure is exactly what this place exemplifies!Let's start with the basics:1. Creamy deliciousness in every bite!2. Great service!3. Comfortable and relaxing environment!4. Open late!With these and much more, no one can go wrong or get lost in this G-spot experience! I had the chocolate hazel nut, and I can't wait to come back and try what else they have to offer.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,5/15/2014,1632,260,14,14,14>My second visit brings a new review!  Woo!  Yeah!  ...Yay...?My first visit here was actually last week.  I ordered a Pad Thai to-go and it was some good eats!  I was also super hungry and was taking quick bites while at work so I didn't want to write a review based off that.  So today was my day off and I kidnapped my friend to come dine-in with me.  Our bill came out to be $31.01 for an appetizer, two entrees, and some full bellies!  Here's the break-down:Laab:  I've never ordered laab before and I'm beginning to wonder why I wasn't shown the light earlier.  The "meat salad" as described on the menu actually had tripe!  I was pleasantly surprised and it was tasty!  I'm not sure if I was eating it right but I ate it like a lettuce cup appetizer.  Hey, if I see little leaves of lettuce and giant slices of cucumbers, I *will* use it!  Anyways, the flavors were amazing --- the lemongrass made every bite fragrant, the kaffir leaves gave it deep subtle notes, and the mild chili spice allowed for you to taste the yummy tripe mixture.  Although once I ran out of lettuce, things got a bit too salty but it's nothing a little rice can't help diffuse.  I'm so thirsty though!Massaman Curry Combination:  Massaman curry is my favorite.  I think potatoes and curry are soulmates.  They're Ken and Barbie, Clark Kent and Lois Lane, a Pop Danthology mashup!  They just belong together!  Anyways, the curry came out in a giant bowl of steamy wonderfulness complete with a radish flower garnish.  The tofu was little blocks of yumminess, the potatoes just melts in your mouth, the carrots added some bites of sweetness, the chicken tasted like chicken (or Pikachu if you were to ask Brett B.), and the curry was so dang tasty.  I could've ate the whole dang thing if I didn't have the appetizer and the other entree to eat from.  Pad Phrik Prow Combintion:  This was also a new dish for me.  I've never had it before so maybe I'm not the best person to ask but it was delicious!  It had good flavor and anything with baby corn makes me a happy happy girl.  The portion seemed a bit small compared to the curry though but I still found myself having to get a doggy bag for this dish (and the other two too!).Overall I had a lovely late-lunch at Thai Gourmet.  I apologize for making such a mess.  My fork kept falling out of the rice bowl...  Let me blame the bowl and save what little dignity I have left.  T_T  Service was friendly, restaurant was clean, and food was served in a timely manner.  I also like how they're right by Purcell so I can spend my time creeping on my friend who works there (Big Brother is watching!).  Anyways, Thai Gourmet comes highly recommended.  I think I want to try the Mango Curry and the Tom Kha the next time I'm in.  I regret saying that I forgot my leftovers in my friend's car and now I'll be depressed for the rest of the night.  Excuse me while I play some Coldplay.Oh yeah, the waiter was kinda cute too.  :)
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/14/2014,86,213,5,7,6>We have ordered pizza to go a couple times from Garden Pizza and have enjoyed it, but recently we decided to stop in for dinner. I have a whole new opinion of the place since then. I really enjoyed the staff who were extremely welcoming to us and all of the patrons they interacted with. We ordered a large meat pizza which was huge! My husband can eat pizza so I was shocked when we had several pieces left. We were also happy to see the pizza and wing combos that are available. I ordered a glass of wine which turned out to be a mug of wine (did I mention I love this place) for $3.50. It's close to our house and an amazing local business. They also have awesome salads. We will definitely be back!
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,5/13/2014,380,36,13,13,13>Hip Hop, Booty PopLive DJ, Got That Beat DropTuesday NightsSpinning on FlightGot Me on that Cardio BikeM.I.C is the Bee's KneesA Great Place to BeHealthy, Fun and Guilt-FreeGet your Work-Out FlowAnd Gain a GlowExcuses? No More!I got a body to show! ;)
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/12/2014,225,142,9,18,12>Delicious burgers, great service, what else can you ask for??? Prices are fair, it's located on the corner of broadway and Lindsay tucked away in between a subway and a massage parlor. Thought I already reviewed this place before but here it goes...I ordered a double cheeseburger w/ onions, jalapeños and bacon. Delish! Everything worked together in a symphony of flavor. The meat to bun ratio was perfect, and the fries were crisp and fresh. My daughters got a hotdog each and both finished theirs in record time! Hubby got a plain double cheeseburger and he loves the charbroiled flavor. We called in our order and it was ready in 10 mins and no mistakes on our order. Thumbs up!!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,5/11/2014,75,56,6,8,8>Um, I --- LOVE --- Marcia! Wow, babes, she  is a seamstress who knows her stuff! Not only is she sweeter than chupa chupa lollipops, her skills are top notch.Marcia is your best girlfriend who will laugh with you and chat happily through your fittings, and she sure as heck will make sure you look bangin' in your dress. She can do anything you need and is surely the gal you want on your side to save the day. I completely procrastinated repairs I needed on a dress and called Marcia wrought with panic. She listened to my dilemma and like a good woman who knows no woman should sweat a dress, saw me that afternoon and took my mangled pile of silk and lace and saved my day! Her work is frigging fantastic; the quality of her craft is excellent. Marcia's just the perfect amount of rock n roll creative with a practically Type A attention to the detail and execution in her work.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,5/10/2014,209,322,6,13,8>BOMB, BOMB, BOMB!! Loved Barrelhouse!If you time it right and you can stop by for happy hour...do it! They have a lot of small dishes and you can pretty much get a whole dang menu sample and not make your debit card cry. Little artichoke bites from Heaven, savory short rib etc etcNice craft beer list, and the food was creative, fun and just downright delicious.  Nice dark, sexy lil' vibe goin' inside those deceiving exterior walls... yum!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/9/2014,285,121,16,7,9>I dig the Duck.  I don't even really know what to call it.  Part store, part bar, part deli, part someone's living room who doesn't make you feel guilty about not helping with the dishes, only catch being you actually have to pay for your wine and cheese (which I'm totally fine with if it means I don't feel guilty for not helping with the dishes).Basically the duck has everything you could possibly need dispersed at different locations around what appears to be a large cabin with a lush green park in front.  You get your items (wine, coffee, sandwiches, whatever) and you mosey around, find a place to sit and enjoy them, just like you would in your own backyard, except your own backyard probably doesn't have as extensive of a wine collection or an award winning cheese department (and if it does, I officially hate you).I like to come here for happy hour (M-F, til 7:00, $2 off house wine and draft beer) or on Sunday afternoons to do a little daydrinking and people watching.  I don't have kids or a dog, but people that do seem to love this place.  Normally I don't prefer my wine with children (probably why I don't have kids), but the Duck's overall mellow environment somehow soothes me to the point that I find myself actually enjoying the presence of the mini-humans. And if I enjoy anywhere enough to actually consider motherhood, it's probably worth at least a dozen or so stars, but Yelp only goes up to five so five it is.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/8/2014,507,585,9,12,13>(Lyrics - Ice Cube - Today Was a Good Day)Just walking to Delux gotta thank godI didn't know they serve sushi that's kinda oddNo parking from streets, no probAnd they're cooking up some burgers with plenty of hogs (or bacon!)I got my grub on, but didn't pig outFinally got a some yam fries that I wanna try outHooked it up for later as I hit the shotsThinking will I live it up, for another happy hourDon't wanna go cause I had me some beer flightsAnd if I hit the streets, I can get a DUIHad to stop to get another biteLooking in my mirror and was redder than a beetBut everythings alrightI got a mini burger, and it's for happy hour all nightCalled up the yelpers and I'm reviewing y'allWhich soup, do you want to try out at all?Get me in Delux and that's no troubleLast week Yelped around and got a duo burgerKetchup and chipotle sauce all the wayYou gotta believe today was a Delux DayA Delux day all day everyday!  Yes, Delux is staple burger joint of Phoenix for some times now and now serving Sushi!  Located next to the Biltmore area, Delux burger is known to have a great happy hour and late night eats.  The place is always popping when I attend.  The blue lighting totally weird me out, but it's alright.  I've never came here for breakfast or lunch; needless to say I'm sure it's pretty damn good cause I know the late night menu is awesome.  Craft beer and flights is a must and your fries come in a mini shopping cart!  Don't understand the concept behind it, but it's a whole lot of fries I tell you that much; generally served with a side of ketchup or chipotle.  The burgers here are no joke and one of the best in town.  Nice and moist and the condiment pairings are second to none!  Overall, Delux is a great place to hangout for drinks as well as enjoy a great meal. Service here is always the best and always a welcoming smile. - Enjoy!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,5/7/2014,446,326,12,25,20>You need live king clam? Spot prawns? Multiple species of crab? Redboat fish sauce? Pig parts that include everything but the "oink"? This store is just what you are looking for.This is my favorite spot in the valley to secure fresh, quality ingredients at more than fair prices. Also a great stop to make before hitting Asia Cafe Express across the street. You can pick up your live seafood and they will prep and cook it any number of ways for you. The only rub for me of course is that it is quite some distance to travel to...but well worth it!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/6/2014,1992,234,13,27,22>If you've been looking for the best kept secret in Phoenix, this isn't really you're place, cause it's not that much of a secret anymore. If you're looking for an urban escape into the farming community of Phoenix past, then be sure to stop in for a visit.  I've always heard good things about Morning Glory café here at the farm at south mountain for brunch on the weekends, we had a visitor in town, wanted food, was looking for an experience we've never had, one plus one equals two, so we ended up at the farm!I'm so glad we chose to dine at morning glory, the entire place is super cool. Lined in an old pecan grove, there are a handful of shops to check out, some artist studios, two or three places to eat, and the grounds are a great place to take in also. This was the perfect stop for brunch before we headed up to the top of south mountain to check out the views. For anyone in the market, this is also a wedding venue, it's a venue like none other in Phoenix - if you're looking for that. :-)Happy Yelping Phoenix, be sure to put this on your bucket list for Phoenix if you haven't been yet!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2008,4/1/2008,454,555,8,6,9>Lame name.  Not so lame sandwiches.  I like it spicy.  Interpret that as you wish, but when it comes down to it -- it takes a lot more than spicy pickles to impress me - say gigantic and decadent choco chip cookies. Don't let the gimmicky name fool you, however, these are some serious sandwiches at Spicy Pickle, a franchise with only one location in the Valley in Chandler.  I found the quality of food and scope of sandwiches offered to be comparable to Dilly's Deli. I had a lunch earlier this week catered from this place, and since they catered half-sized portions I was able to try two: the Santa Cruz sub and wiseguy sub.I found the wiseguy (with italian meats and cheeses) sub to be pretty tasty, but I prefer my subs to not swim in oil and vinegar.  The Santa Cruz sub was pretty good though (and my favorite of the two) - with its ingredients of Mesquite turkey, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, corn relish, cheddar and chipotle mayo.The highlight of the lunch were these large thick discs that looked and tasted like chocolate chip cookies.  Crispy on the edges and moist and soft in the middle.  Seriously, one of the better cookies I have had in a long time.BTW, the pickles are sprinkled with some kind of chili powder and are ok, perhaps they're awesome -- I don't know, I'm not a big pickle fan.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,3/30/2008,4473,1489,1,13,10>Yes, it may be a chain (there are locations in Vegas and Chicago too), but WCG is a special restaurant... with top notch service, awesome food & drinks, fun atmosphere, and moderate prices, I have to give 5 stars.  I almost don't want to give 5 stars, just because they're a chain, but after my experience there tonight, I feel they deserve an all-star rating!I arrived first (as usual) and put our name in (party of 4)... it was prime time (7:30 on a Friday night), so I expected a wait.  (They don't take reservations during dinner; only lunch).  I was given a beeper thing, and no more than 5 minutes later, it vibrated.  The rest of my party was not even there yet!  The hostess sat me anyways - there was a great table available in the bar area.  Alicia was our server and approached me within minutes of sitting down to take my drink order.  I also ordered the artichoke appetizer for the table.  The rest of my party arrived and Alicia was back to take their drink orders. share the specials, answer questions, etc...3 of us ordered the crab cake entree (2 with a side of broccoli and 1 with a side of honey roasted carrots) - and my dad had the halibut with fries... everything was delicious!  The crab cakes are not breaded at all; they melt in your mouth!  The broccoli is steamed just right and sprinkled with parmesan and some special seasoning that makes it taste great.  The carrots are sweet like candy.  I didn't have any, but the fries that came with the fish looked good too!In the past, I've also had the Four Cheese Spinach & Artichoke Dip (served with warm tortilla chips and salsa), the Rotisserie Chicken Tortilla Soup, and several salads... I've always been impressed with the quality, taste, and serving sizes too!I didn't tonight, but if you can - save room for dessert!  The desserts are actually listed at the top of the menu, so they stand-out - for good reason!  They are all phenomenal!  My favorites are the White Chocolate Brownie, the White Chocolate Banana Cream Pie with Graham Cracker Crust, and the apple pie a la mode!Yes, the menu is similar to Houston's; yes, the bar is a replica of Ocean Club... but, the service and quality of WCG make this place unique and worth every bit of the 5 star rating I'm giving them!EDIT: Service on a Friday night was not quite as great... I'll keep their 5 star review, but i'm rounding up now from a 4.5.  We'll see what happens next visit!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,3/29/2008,24,3,5,12,11>Let's just say I am absolutely charmed and enchanted with Palatte! Can you actually have a crush on a restaurant? I have never, ever, in my entire life, loved a place so much that I actually wanted to move in to it!  That's how much I love Palatte!From the hospitality (one of the owners met us at the door and graciously pointed out the menu and ordering procedure) to the food, everything was spot on! Finding it neither pricy nor pretentious, even my husband, who was very skeptical of going on yet another Yelp inspired dining adventure, was also impressed!Arriving at 11ish on a Saturday morning, the crowd was lively and not too large, which made my husband very happy, as he hates to wait. After reviewing the very inspired and delectable menu, we got in line to place our order (short line, nice people!). The young lady who assisted us at the counter was absolutely delightful and after a few quick questions, we decided on the Lemon Crme French Toast, bacon, Tahitian vanilla yogurt, Melted Tomato Tarte, Iced Tea and Lemonade.We paid for our order and wandered out on to the expansive and inviting patio to find our place in the sun, and to my husbands delight (he hates the sun!) there was a lovely table for two on the patio with a great view of the courtyard and a pleasant distance from the guitarist who was unobtrusively entertaining the guests. We took our seats and continued to enjoy the morning.First to arrive were our beverages, which were both good, but unremarkable. After a few moments, our server appeared with our entrees. My husband really enjoyed his French Toast (coconut, lemon curd and blackberries.... yummy!) and remarked that although this was the first time he had ever had French toast without syrup, it was very, very good on it's own (with the lemon curd, of course) and didn't need any syrup. His bacon, like the beverages, was also unremarkable (we were hoping for something like they serve at Matt's) but it was tasty and not overcooked (a pet peeve of mine).My Melted Tomato Tarte was so darling, it was almost too cute to eat! The crust was light and flaky and the egg and bits that comprised the tarte were heavenly, although a few bites struck a sour note when what tasted like Dijon mustard had been mistakenly baked into the tarte. But since the rest of the tarte was awesome, and only two small bites struck that odd note, I let it pass without comment. The Tahitian vanilla yogurt was very creamy and flavorful, but had way too many sliced apples on top for my liking (a French thing, maybe?)Earlier, while waiting for our breakfast, I wandered back into the little shop that is part of the interior of the home and met a delightful young lady who was wrapping up little packets of silverware and napkins with bits of string. She was expecting and was actually past due, trying to pass the time while awaiting the arrival of her little girl, Ruby. I wished her many blessings and went back to join my husband at our table and enjoy the lovely surroundings.The guitarist was a very pleasant surprise as well. Although he looked a bit like a folky Joey Ramone, his sound and range were simply amazing! He really added to the ambiance and we found ourselves staying longer than we had planned because he was really that good! Armed with nothing more than his guitar, mic and small amp, his catalogue included smashingly good renditions of Harry Connick's Don't Get Around Much Anymore, John Mayer's Waiting for the World to Change and my favorite, the Gilberto, Jobim and Getz version of The Girl from Ipanema.... wow, that made my whole weekend!Later, as I decided to use the WC to wash my hands before we enjoyed the rest of the day, I ran in to the same young lady who took our order and mentioned how much we enjoyed our morning at Palatte and how darling everything (including the bathrooms) were and she told me that the whole place was conceived, designed and brought to life by the owner, Christine, who was trained in France and had a passion for what she did. She offered to introduce me to Christine, who she said, was just outside passing the time until her baby arrived. I told her that we had already met (even though I didn't know she was the owner at the time) and would be sure to let her know how much we enjoyed our morning. By the time we were done chatting, Christine was gone, so perhaps she was off to meet Ruby for the first time...which will give us yet another reason to go back to Palatte! Palatte was just such a pleasant surprise from the food and the servers to the atmosphere and the entertainment; I still just want to move in!! Even the toilet paper was soft!! I so heart this place and will be back again soon. Christine and Ed have done an excellent job in making their dream a reality and have created a little slice of  rustic French countryside for us to enjoy right here. They got every detail right and I will continue to call Palatte home (at least on Saturday Mornings!)
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,3/27/2008,9,3,7,7,8>ok, first review, here goes....sangria- killer, and if i recall correctly they have a pretty fancy happy hour, so i recommend a dd.guacammus (guacamole mixed with hummus) yes and yes.ticoz chop chop- i'm a huge fan of salads with lots of stuff in it. i really don't dig it when i get a big pile of lettuce with a few random veggies thrown on top. there are so many great veggies out there. live a little. the chop chop is great, jicama, hominy, chic peas, red beans, black olives, etc. good stuff.as far as the rest of the menu goes i really couldn't tell you, because for some unknown reason they decide to put chicken stock in about everything, and i happen to be vegetarian. my question is this, why on earth would you find it necessary to ostracize a substantial portion of the population to "add flavor" to your rice? no one notices anyway! i dont think i am asking too much, really. i'm ok with the fact that there isn't any tofu on the menu (i mean it would be nice, but hey), but can you please leave the rice alone?!?!? seriously. i don't get it.ok, so maybe i'm just bitter because i've had my eye on the coconut ginger curry rice since ticoz opened. whatever.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,3/26/2008,300,261,6,11,8>I drove 50 miles to check this place out and had a hard time finding it!It's definitely not your typical frozen yogurt bar.I tried a few of the flavors as well as the vanilla custard.The best (and only reason I would come here) is the Twangy Tart!It's sour just like plain yogurt but with a hint of sweetness to cut the bite and a refreshing icy texture. It's insanely Delicious on it's own or paired with some fresh fruit.They have a beautiful assortment of Fresh Fruit toppings but I felt their other toppings were lacking.I decided on the Twangy Tart with strawberries (see picture)I'm giving 5 stars  based on the unique plain yogurt flavor "Twangy Tart" and their Beautiful "Fresh Fruit" selection, I wish they were closer to me.ETA: My SloganOnce you try the Twang you'll be like Daaaaaang! And Nothing else will ever be the same!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2008,3/25/2008,22,23,,8,6>Simply the best. I'm pretty much in love with this tiny, hole in the wall Vietnamese stop.  In a small strip mall near ASU West, not many other Vietnamese places can compare in my opinion. For those of you who love Cyclo, I'm convinced it's b/c of Cyclo's cute interior vibe. It shocks me they consistently win so many Valley awards. Pho Avina is 100 times better, 50% cheaper, and has about 10 more offerings of pho than Cyclo....among many other things.Ok enough of comparing...I would highly recommend one of their Banh mi (traditional Vietnamese sandwich). They have the specialty bread delivered daily from a local bakery, so these disappear FAST! The yummy pate is truly what makes this delish. Being from WA, these sandwiches usually aren't hard to find, but I've noticed in AZ it's a lot trickier to locate em.The best pho ever, consisting of a large portion. Pho Avina also has great appetizers...I haven't had too many of the entrees b/c usually when I go, I'm craving pho. Lastly, they have a good selection of Boba (tapioca) flavors (I personally prefer mango) and desserts....oh and don't forget the Thai Iced Tea...a must here!Friendly friendly service, everytime we go we are greeted by the owner, who couldn't get any cuter....Please try!azcentral.com/ent/dining…
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,3/24/2008,53,101,15,10,10>"They've got PBR on tap!!!" Damn, I had no idea it was that easy to please my Scottsdale friend who apparently likes going low class as much as a bulimic Portland hipster."We've gotta hang out more often if thats all it takes for you to have a good time," I told him. "What's it called?""Something with Max. Max's Revenge. The maxx. Total Max. MAX POWER.""MAX POWER.""Yeah, MAX POWER. Let's do it. They've got PBR on tap!!!"As well as pretty much everything that goes with PBR. 4 dollar lunch specials with a beer, poker tournaments, internet poker dealies, casino style seating, and of course MULLETS! It was such a mullet fest I couldn't stop laughing in spite of all the assanine Patriots fans making sports observations that make Dan Dierdorf look like a Rhodes Scholar. And the tuck rule?!? We really gotta bring up the tuck rule? It was the sixth anniversary of those divisional playoffs and all, but please spare me the pain while I'm trying to enjoy the post-season despite another 4-12 Raiders finish.I'm off track. Back to the mullets. I first noticed it when a couple, dressed in what is likely their Saturday night best leather, took over one of the pool tables. As the female partner flashed her curly, blond locks during shots, I commented at how I guess the good part of having a girlfriend with a mullet is you can take her to a sports bar on a Saturday night for some free pool and poker and she will think that they are royalty.But surely mullets and PBR don't equal four stars Mike, is what you are likely saying. It doesn't. It's the huge fleet of HD flat screens that really make this place. They really do multiple-game viewing right at this place with all large flat screen TVs lining the walls and plenty of comfortable seats in the center to watch them from. They also have a huge selection of draft beers the runs almost the entire length of their bar. Domestic 25 oz beers ran around 4 dollars. "They've got PBR!!!" Alright Jason, I get it, but I'll have a Stella. Those ran 7 dollars for the 25 oz variety.Top it off with all the free pool and ping pong you can co-ordiante yourself through after 25 oz beers and some mixed NFL playoffs/Phoenix Suns action. "We really should've played ping pong before all that booze," I said breaking out in a sweat chasing after about my 30th errand ball."Agreed."
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/11/2008,3/23/2008,2083,305,9,2,6>I'm just a regular joe, and am probably not qualified to review a theater... so let's do this!Parking was very convenient, as I chose the lot across the street.  Stairwells didn't smell like urine, so it already beats out the Greyhound bus terminal parking garage in Riverside CA for ambiance.On our way to will call, my daughter and I had an intellectual conversation about the pronunciation of Herberger.   Was is 'her-burger' or was it 'her-ber-ger'?  Curse you, Hooked On Phonics!My tickets were delivered posthaste.  The atrium seemed fancy until I beheld the swap meet tables functioning as the focal point.  But I'ze white trash, so I purchased one of them there comedy/drama mask necklace charms.I liked the bar set in the hallway.  I waited less than a minute both times I frequented it.  Oh, how very cosmopolitan I felt with my hand crafted soda.  You might want to skip the cookies though... a little doughy for this dough-boy.  Yeah, I know they don't have goat's milk, but you can bring your own... in a flask... concealed.BTW, they will only let you bring bottled water into the auditorium... and if you plan on eating and hard candy during the performance, then you best unwrap it before the drama commences, or risk a public cane-ing... because there were many spectators with walking sticks.  I'm enamored with the look, and plan on being a man about town when I order my new shillelagh.The men's room stalls had ample room... a place where a man of stature can put some distance between his knees.  Actually, I only had to go number one.  Jealous?!?The theater was very intimate.  I don't think there was a bad seat in the house.  I did feel a little cramped, as my knees touched the back of the seat in front of me.  How I longed for the legroom of the stall.  But I'm a big guy.  The seats were comfortably padded.Big Bonus: my shoes didn't stick to the floor.I thought the acoustics were great, as I didn't miss more than a few words.My 15 year old daughter enjoyed it enough to come back, so I am looking forward to attending April's presentation of Mockingbird.Thank you her-burger for a delightful venue.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2008,3/22/2008,106,146,5,9,6>I'm not sorry that I love this zoo. I have many fond memories here.Yes, it's a smaller zoo, and yes, they are somewhat lacking in good animal watching..but come on people, six months out of the year it's blazing hot outside. They can only do so much. I recommend coming here on a beautiful spring day. If it's hot outside, you'll hate it. Bring your bike, too. I used to bring my bike and just ride around all day.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,3/21/2008,97,198,6,7,7>Co-worker: We're going to El Portal for lunch.Me: Que es el portal?Co-worker: Oh right. I always forget your not from here.So the review from Pierre is totally on-point. I went to El Portal with my co-workers who are all very involved in the state politics/worker scene. And sure enough while we were there a ton of staffers, court officials, reporters, etc would walk in and out. I don't know if I'd qualify it as a celebrity spot. And likely most wouldn't return if it was. But definitely is a really good spot tucked back just south of downtown. I had the chicken tostados which were fantastic. The service is lacking at best. But I was there around 12:30 and it was really packed. The servers were super nice...just too busy to be really attentive. There's also a huge painting of MLK and an enlarged Cesar Chavez stamp on the walls. I don't know that they have a stealth interior design person...but hey, who doesn't love a little awkwardly placed (but obviously beloved) Cesar and MLK!?
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,8/2/2011,75,306,5,7,5>So after tasting this place at the Yelp Science Center party I KNEW I had to go check this place out! I had never even heard of a Pupusas until that fateful Yelp night. The hubs and I rolled in about 7:30ish. We were the only ones in the place aside from the waiter and the cook. We took a seat and the waiter came on over with menus in hand. He was really helpful, I told him I didn't know what I had at the yelp party but I wanted it again. I had the shredded beef, bean and cheese pupusas. So tasty. The hubs and I also split an order of the potato and cheese puff things. It was like a deep fried mashed potato missile! So crunchy on the out side yet so fluffy on the inside. Hubs got 3 pupusas, two shrimp and a steak. I sampled the steak and it was pretty bomb! He went nuts over the shrimp, but I skipped trying it out, wasn't in the shrimp frame of mind. The one thing I wasn't a total fan of was the coleslaw, it has a very vinegary, dill, I don't know what kind of taste. I am VERY finicky with my coleslaw though, hubs said he liked it. The restaurant itself is nothing to write home about. Its olllllld. The tables and chairs are from the late 80's and worn. There was some rad gangsta rap playing over the speakers and Bones reruns on the tv, but when I noticed the time and asked if they could switch the tv to american idol (yes I am a nerd) He gladly did so and turned down the rap. Pretty rad. So for an iced tea, a total of four pupusas and some tasty deep fried potato puff guys, the bill was only $13.99 (with the coupon they gave out at the yelp event). We left very full.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,8/1/2011,767,431,27,22,17>This thing is no joke.Back in October, I attempted a hike up this mountain. I made it 10 minutes before I had to turn back around like a little biatch.This past Saturday, I woke up rather early, and felt inspired. Strong. I packed up my Camelbak for Camelback.Couple things to note. If you get there at 7:00AM, the parking lot will be full, and you will have to park off 56th street and walk one mile.Pack lots of water. If you have a Camelbak, bring extra in bottles, just in case. Also, if you are doing this solo, like I did...bring headphones, and a playlist with a ton of songs.This hike is pretty challenging. Its only 1.2-1.5 miles each way, but it's practically a rock climb for many different parts. The hardest parts are at the very beginning. Use the rails or the fence, and you will be fine.Don't give up on his hike. You WILL get to the top. If an obese man like me can do it, so can a sexy individual like yourself. Hop to it tiger. Show us your tiger's blood.Oh yeah...and about the water. When I got to the top, my Camelbak was empty. I had to spend 90 minutes going down without water.....Pack extra.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,7/31/2011,136,190,6,10,9>I have been wanting to try this place out for a few months now, so finally last Friday my mom & I decided to come here for lunch. When you walk in your eyes are immediately drawn to all the goodies in the bakery case. But we were here for lunch so we brought our attention back to that. We were seated in the dining room that was pretty empty, there were only 3 other parties. After scanning the menu we ordered the following to share: lumpia (crunchy pork eggrolls), pancit (rice noodles w/veggies & chicken that came w/puto-a sweet rice bread) & ginatang sitao kalabasa (string beans, squash & shrimp sauteed in coconut milk w/rice). The lumpia was amazing, so yummy! The pancit was delicious as well, great flavor. The veggie dish was my least favorite, however my mom loved it. Oh I also did not care for the puto. After we finished lunch we looked at all the treats again & decided to order some to go. I can't recall what my mom got but I got the following: cannoli, flan, cheese roll & siopao (steamed bbq bun). The cannoli was for my hubby & he enjoyed it. The flan was yummy but had a much thicker consistency than I am used to. I did not care for the cheese roll at all, I think if the cream cheese had some sugar added to it it would be much better. I had the siopao for lunch today & it was pretty good. After chatting with the owners (very sweet, husband & wife) we found out they offer line dancing every Saturday for $8. My mom loves to dance & is going to check it out this Saturday with a couple girlfriends. If she has fun I might even join her next time!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,7/30/2011,280,572,12,10,9>My husband and I were given a collection of Penzey's Spices as a wedding gift years ago, and it was one of the best gifts we received.  Little did I know, we would be moving to Scottsdale a few years later and would find a store in our backyard!If you like to cook, you will find every spice, seasoning mix, and dried herb imaginable.  If you don't like to cook, you will still find every spice, seasoning mix, and herb imaginable and you will want to start cooking, or at least start a beautiful "collection" of their products.I love their products are generally available in a smaller "I only need a little" size as well as standard size spice jars, and some in larger bags for refilling.  Empty jars are available, too!  On my last visit, I found hot cocoa mix, and with winter just around the corner...okay the corner has a wide berth.  Maybe frozen hot chocolate is in order!The only problem with Penzey's is I calculate it's going to cost me about $40,000 to build a suitable kitchen to house their products.  It's worth it.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,7/29/2011,275,351,8,9,7>Movies+Beer=Natural.I've been dying to check out this place since The Loft in Tucson has left me craving a local independent theater where I don't have to sneak in my booze to enjoy my film (wassup Harkins Cupz).  The concept excited me beyond measure.  The sprawling lounge is decorated vaguely Moroccan with lanterns, upholstered benches affixed to the wall, dim lighting and a small bar pretty much fully stocked.  I was able with my Yelp check in to get a discount on the tickets and loved getting my Boddingtons in a nice glass to take with me. The bartenders/ticketmasters were very personable and helpful and def charming.I was honestly surprised by how small the theater actually is, but the seats are supremely comfortable- the cup holders are a bit awkward since glass pint glasses weren't the intended usage, but meh, I managed. The sound was fantastic and the screen high quality- I like the option of the back round tables in case you had a group of friends or food you wanted to munch on while watching the flick.The audience was all over the map and totally excited to be there, which helped with the vibe of the experience.I know some people have mentioned that is a great place to hang out without even seeing a movie. I have to admit I found it disconcerting to find people at the bar a little beyond drunk just hanging out and not even intending to see the movie when I stepped out to refresh my beverage.  I guess if you live near by it makes sense, but to just be intoxicated here without seeing the movie is weird and kind of creepy.The bathrooms were nice and overall I totally enjoyed my experience here.I also liked they can combine the tab of the movie and the beers, makes it much easier to settle up at the end of the night.Recommended!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,7/28/2011,493,165,4,9,6>"One of the Best Ribs,  A Must try for any BBQ Fans"  This location will offer the same quality food the original  Phoenix location started for stacy as the restaurant opens its second location.  BBQ Ribs (pork and beef) really tender pulled pork and lots of combos  to choose from.  Awards,Bon Appetite magazine top 10 best new bbq in the countryTLC Best food ever and has been awarded Best BBQ Restaurant in AZ by Phoenix New Times.  and many more. The location is clean and looks like it will have a bbq drive-thru window!  Please enjoy,Kevin
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,7/27/2011,296,138,10,7,6>I am a hummus fiend. I have made tabbouleh so delicious that the heavens parted and rained down tears of joy upon its consumption. I will cut a bitch over the last dollop of garlic dip. Don't even get me started on baba ghanoush.So it's almost a guarantee that I will like anything that draws upon a Mediterranean flavor palate. Med Fresh is no exception.It's technically Turkish, but I don't split hairs when it comes to Mediterranean. The pitas are fresh and flavorful, the tzatziki is kickin' and the gyro meat (beef and chicken) are always moist and delicious. Everything is prepared as you order it and you have a clear view of the goings-on in the sunken kitchen. The staff can be a bit terse at times but they're always professional and quick to disperse a busy lunch rush. The platters are priced well for the mound of food you receive, and while I have had some tonsil-scraping dry chicken on occasion, the majority of the time the kabobs and koftas are moist and tender. If you simply can't be pressed to make up your mind, go with the mixed grill and get a bit of a variety. The pita sammich special (#16) is the best bang for your buck on the menu. Pita, meat, tomato, lettuce, weird pickles and secret sauce. Served with tzatziki and their killer spicy red sauce. Salad or fries on the side. $6.95. Oh yeah.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2010,7/26/2011,206,377,6,10,8>This little place does a great job pumping out fresh Chinese food. It won't really blow you through the wall into the Avis rental office next door, but it's above average. Thus far we've tried several of the chicken and veggie dishes--they are all very good. The Garlic chicken and Mongolian chicken are favorites. Pei Wok makes everything fresh to order. There are a few clean, small tables you could sit at to eat (I think two two-tops and one four-top), but I always get it to go.There are smaller lunch combos for a very cheap prices--cheaper even than going to Panda Express which is relative garbage. For dinner, you can get a "Large" which is just white rice and entree, or you can get the "Combo" which is fried rice, entree, egg roll, and cream cheese wontons. Look, maybe a better semantic strategy was in order, but they do what they can.The guys running the joint are also very nice and friendly. They always banter with me about my tattoos, the weather, or anything else that comes up.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,7/25/2011,75,87,4,9,7>Although beautiful and soft, my Great Dane's fur coat can cause a lot of irritation. Especially during shedding season...Apollo's shedding drives me absolutely nuts. The problem stems from the fact that my closet is filled with black clothing, and I own a light colored short haired half horse/ half dog. Apollo's fur sticks like glue to all of my clothing, especially my nice work clothes and jeans. So, after reading Lindsey F's review about Seville Cleaners, I totally had to give this place a try - and I'm so glad I did! Seville Cleaners has also become my saving grace because I can get my clothing dry cleaned weekly to rid it of dog hair, all without having to drain my bank account! I mean the dog food, toys and upkeep required for a massive Horse Dog are all expensive enough... I don't need to be wasting money on dry cleaning too! That's why this place is fabulous. My clothes always look freshly cleaned and pressed, and I'm not frantically using a hair roller on my pants every morning when I'm in a rush.Seville Cleaners is fast (next day pick up!!), cheap ($1.99 an item) AND friendly (excellent customer service/ they've never lost or ruined anything/they let me know upfront if they can't clean a specific item). They only take cash/debit cards so make sure you've got some green in your wallet. And you also have to pay up front - which makes it easy to get in and out in a flash.Don't let yourself fall victim to your dog's fur coat during shedding season - go to Seville! You'll look like a million bucks without having to spend it.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,7/24/2011,82,91,4,12,7>I loved this place!  It's like going to your Thai Mother's house for lunch, but better.  I was here a week ago with Norm R and Rand H and we all agreed it was a wonderful experience with fantastic food.  It really did feel like you were eating in someone's home.  They say it's a buffet, but it's so much more than that.  For $7.50 a person ($10 each including a diet coke for me and tip) this place is definitely a bargain.  Don't let the outside fool you either, it may not look like much on the outside, but they put all their effort into the food and service.It's not the typical buffet where you serve yourself from 100 items - our first course was served to us - a plate of papaya salad, chicken and pork satay, jerk beef and sticky rice.  I could have just had all that and been satisfied.  But no, there is more.  We walked up to the counter and they made our plates cafeteria style, a little of this a little of that and more of all the rest.  Yellow curry, a noodle dish, a veggie dish with eggplant, fried rice, jasmine rice and more that I don't even know what it was.  I'm not usually an adventurous eater, but everything tasted great!  Just when we were about full and done - there's even more food!  Served to us at the table was a plate of coconut ice cream, homemade pumpkin custard and lychee with sticky rice and a cup of hot tea.  OMG unbelievably good, my mouth is watering just remembering how delicious the food was.The most amazing part was they offered to make us other food that wasn't even on the buffet and suggested if we wanted something special to call ahead and they would prepare it for us next time.  This little place is all about service and homemade food.  I can't wait to go back.  Thanks Norm for turning me on to this place!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2006,4/18/2007,71,83,1,1,3>The name "Tawook" was enough to get me over to this place to try one of my favorites cuisines --- middle eastern.  Specifically, you'll be eating Lebanese food here and if you haven't had it you're in for a treat.  We ordered a massive appetizer tray (about $28 and worth every penny) to start.  It included all of your typical middle eastern fare--- hummos, baba ganouj, tabouli... but also had some gems like kibbe (a lebanese meatball that must be tried), fattoush salad, and chicken wings.  My entree was the mixed kebab plate... everything was moist, tender, and grilled to perfection.  The scene is very clean and contemporary, with an ethnic twist.  If you're up to splurge a little on higher end middle eastern, this place is worth a shot.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2007,4/17/2007,77,342,3,3,2>Ah, the Spanish Latte.  I did a little recon and found that one Spanish Latte yields...are you ready?  Wait for it...wait for it...approximately ONE THOUSAND CALORIES.  Geez, no wonder they are delicious and I love them so.  We happened to ask the girl at the counter we we ordered a skim SL, and she said that a regular one has approx 1,000 cals.  Dang.Anyway, I dig this place.  I pretty much always order the Croque Monsieur.  The bread is good and sturdy and the cheese is perfectly melted and bubbly.  The sandwiches and salads are good and I like that they'll let you pretty much specialize anything you like.  Those English Muffins are wonderful!  Tammie Coe and MJ Bread do an amazing job with the pastries and the breads.  I have a really hard time passing up an Ooey Gooey Cupcake.My strategy is to go between 10 and 11:30 in the morning or between 1:30 and 4 in the afternoon.  You can pretty much waltz in and grab any table.  I have started to notice that they have an extraordinary number of staff.  It seems like there are 5 or 6 behind the counter, 2 or 3 at the coffee bar, many bussers and runners.  Even when it's really busy it seems like there are a few standing around.  I don't get it.  Whatever works I guess.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2007,4/16/2007,13,24,1,3,2>I'm new to Yelp today, and I'm an idiot. I'm about to tell you all about someplace you apparently do not know about. If you had, it would have multiple rave reviews.The BBQ Company is more of a caterer than a restaurant, the hours of their dining room are are only 11:00 - 3:00 Monday to Friday and their location is in an industrial park south of Sky Harbor Airport. Do not let anything in that previous sentence dissuade you of making a trip, though.It would come as no great shock to you that one of the primary menu items is BBQ. They do BBQ real good, and rank second on my list of rib joints (first place being the Country Tavern in Kilgore, Texas). What really stands out to me about this place is that every damn thing is good. I have visited this place about 10 times, and have made it a personal goal to not order the same thing on the menu twice.  In addition to the smoked brisket, Turkey, pork and chicken, they have excellent sandwiches, salads, and a pretty good Tortilla soup. A friend of mine swears they have the best tuna salad he's ever had, the Ancho BBQ Meat Loaf is awesome, and in addition to the regular menu, the specials are generally fantastic. The day I go back and they have their Chicken Fried Steak special is the day I break my vow about ordering the same thing twice.The sides are very good, the prices reasonable, and oh yeah, the catering is pretty good too.Check out their web site at thebbqco.com and plan your trip. It can be pretty difficult to get in to Fridays around noon, it's easier earlier in the week or away from the peak lunch time.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/24/2007,4/15/2007,131,423,1,6,2>I hate being the first person to review a restaurant when I have a below par experience, but here it goes...  the Vig is a very cool space.  If you are design-minded, you will be very exited to see how this non-descript brick shoebox has been transformed into a hip happening bar and restaurant.  The bar is dimly lit, lively and boasts a huge plasma for watching games.  It is the "anti-Postini" if you know what I mean, and it is just the neighborhood hang-out I have been searching for (not that I have anything against Postino, I go there all the time, the vibe here is just distinctly different). So, my review for the BAR ONLY is 4 stars.OK, now onto the hard part.  The food is bad.  The only redeeming quality is that it is also pretty cheap, so you can almost forgive the mis-step.  The Frenchie (french dip sandwich) could have been from Arbys.  The smoked salmon appetizer tasted like a concoction I could make at home - a slice of lox on a sliver of Safeway-quality french bread topped with a squirt of Thousand Island (not that I would ever subject myself to that at home). Very disappointing.  The grilled veggie plate was pretty good, but it was served with a bad vinaigrette that tasted suspiciously like bottled Italian salad dressing.  Food rating? 2 stars.  In sum, this place is a mixed bag.  It is a welcomed addition to the neighborhood and I will certainly be back for drinks, but I would go elsewhere for dinner.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2007,4/14/2007,94,40,1,5,4>Love , love this place! The oldest  and largest independent bookstore in the state! The staffers are dedicated to making reading cool again. They are knowledgeable and can help you find the book you are looking for even if you give them measly clues, like: "...ummm...the cover is blue, and I think the author's last name starts with a P...sounds Indian." How? Well, it's obvious that they are a well-read group whose literary tastes range from,chick-lit to teen fantasy, from bestselling novels to graphic novels, from self-help to erotica, from political to the new classic children's picture books.The store also hosts amazing authors who probably didn't  even consider including Phoenix in their book tour 7 years ago. They've had authors like Michael Moore, Sen. Hillary Clinton, Diana Gabaldon, Christopher Moore (who's coming back, BTW), Malcolm Gladwell, Tony Bourdain, Byron Katie, Madeliene Albright, Sen. John McCain to name a few. And most recently, they've hosted Sen. Barack Obama and Pres. Carter (boy , that was a wild one!). Getting those authors into the Valley is Changing Hands' way of promoting  reading, especially to the younger set. Even more, CHB is a founding member of Arizona Chain Reaction, a coalition that supports independently-owned businesses who try to educate the community about how buying locally can benefit the community. They don't condemn big businesses at all. They simply encourage consumers to support small, independent businesses equally. I hear that their PR person gives free lectures to owners of small businesses on how to market and publicize their businesses.I love it because I get to meet a very diverse group of people. It's fun chatting with an ASU archeology professor about which picture books kids are going for; or explaining to a North Scottsdale woman what Tibetan singing bowls are; or describing how the chocolate rods (from Granny's Chocolates, of course) taste like to a professional ballet dancer; or sharing the embarassment of appearing "big" on TV to a homeless person; or reminiscing about the music you grew up listening to with aging hippies...and yes, the pseudo-hippies as well. Now located in suburban Tempe (driven away by high costs, etc. from the downtown area), the store seems to have kept their customer base through the years and changes. What's even more wonderul is that, now, they have managed to cater to the younger crowd, the hipsters, and even to the 30-something suburban women who might be afraid to encounter (gasp!) dread-locked, patchouli-scented boys and girls.And although CHB staffers are the most educated group of people I know (I would say: 70% have one or more Bachelor's degrees, maybe 10% have their Master's degrees, and the remaining 20% are still working on it), they are not perfect. But they are hardworking, funny, creative, and know how to party well.I know all this because I practically live there and I truly dig the place! Just have them page me.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,4/13/2007,71,61,,3,4>This was my third time at Don & Charlie's. I warned N. (who'd never been here) to make reservations well ahead of time, and she was glad she did!She couldn't understand why I kept raving about D&C, but once she stepped in the door and was overwhelmed by the memorabilia displayed on every available surface, she understood.Our server was an old-school waitress, she was superb.I liked their margaritas from a previous visit so ordered one, and it was just as good.Skipped appetizers. Okay bread, accompanied by a plate of deli-style garnishes which I didn't eat.Ordered the beef brochette entree. Fancy name for shish kebab. It was de-skewered before serving, so no wrestling the meat off the stick. The beef was juicy, not overcooked as can easily happen with shish kebab, and the fresh veggies were lightly charred and crisp. Served atop a bed of rice pilaf and mushrooms which I picked at. Sorry, nothing can beat my pilaf.Ordered the creme brulee as it included chocolate according to the menu. Sure enough, the bottom of the ramekin had an 1/8" layer of dark chocolate. Nice crispy top too. Yummmmm!!!I didn't expect any sightings on a Monday night, but at D&C's you can never tell! I noticed a guy who got up from two tables away and seemed to be glad-handing the room as he made his way to the restroom. I casually nodded to N., "it's Kuip [Duane Kuiper]," and her eyes got big as saucers! I looked beyond to the table from which he arose, and sure enough there were Mike Krukow, Jon Miller, Dave Fleming -- the entire Giants broadcasting team -- and a fifth guy we couldn't identify; so when they left the room as a group we [me and the Bay Area guy from the party of 4 at the next table] asked 'em, and it was Duane's brother Jeff.Although it would've been nice to see a current player or two, N. was thrilled with this sighting. In fact, she couldn't even speak to them!The quality of the food redeemed D&C's from my first visit in 2003 when I had their ribs and found them wanting. Heck, you don't even have to eat here to enjoy the place, just elbow your way to the bar!Ambiance: 5 starsService: 5 starsFood: 4.5 starsHobnobbing with baseball elite: Priceless!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2007,4/12/2007,51,263,7,3,1>Hmmm. Now what to say about this one that won't embarrass me and/or my husband too much :)  Let's just say, it's good but it ain't THAT good.Now that that's over, the Better Than Sex Cake Cafe is above average for a cafe, especially one as small as this one is (7-10 tables in a hole-in-the-wall). Try not to be put-off by the name or the slightly shabby location and drop in for lunch one day. They offer a good selection of sandwiches, salads, pizza, and a few really tasty soups. They also have excellent quiche. Now for the cake. In case you hadn't heard of this recipe of cake before, here's the concept in a nutshell: You bake a chocolate cake (from scratch is better of course but a cake mix will do), and after the cake is out of the oven, poke holes in the top with the end of a wooden spoon or something similar. Drizzle fudge, caramel, and sweetened condensed milk into the holes, so the whole thing is soaked through. Then top with crushed chocolate-toffee candy bars, whipped cream, and a few more toffee bar crumbles for good measure. There are a lot of varieties, but you get the idea. At the Better Than Sex Cake Cafe they serve three different of these cakes. You'll just have to come in and decide for yourself if they are really better than sex...
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,7/1/2006,4/11/2007,6,16,1,5,2>Visiting Postino Wine Cafe makes me feel like I am in another city... an urban, metro, pedestrian city such as San Francisco. Its casual, yet sophisticated and quite enjoyable. I recently visited Postino with two friends and had the Bruschetta -- we selected the Fresh Mozzarella with Tomato and Basil, the Smoked Salmon and the Roasted Peppers with Goat Cheese. Thumbs up on all of these yummy appetizers! The clientele is a hip, diverse crowd reflective of its gentrified, charming neighborhood of mid-century ranch homes, and yet just a hop from the Biltmore and Arcadia neighborhoods. Ah... Phoenix is growing up! Wish I knew more about wines to tell you more about that. It appeared to be a nice selection and there were bottles you can buy to take home as well. Parking is a challenge, however I will definitely be back.postinowinecafe.comUpdate: Postino's is one of many restaurants/bars in AZ that permits concealed weapons without permits and is noted on the Arizona State Rifle and Pistol Association in their CCW Cafe page: asrpa.com/ccwcafe.html For that reason I am reducing the previously 5-star rating to 1-star.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2006,4/10/2007,88,274,,5,2>Rating: 4.5I came here one night with classmates about 8 months ago. We walked by one night to see it PACKED. I wanted to see what the fuss was about. I'm glad I did. =) I was here last week again for school, and luckily my bf was in town for work so I dragged him here with me. I have ordered/tried: LEMONADE - This tasted like a mix of lemonade and limonata so it had a dash of spritz. I liked it a lot, but my bf didn't.AHI TUNA ANTIPASTO - Good! STETSON CHOPPED SALAD - Holy shit, I LOVE this salad! They were NOT kidding when they said this was a serious customer favorite. It is a mix of sweet corn, salmon, marinated tomatos, Cowboy Ciao trail mix, couscous, and chopped spinach. It is so yummy! I am definitely going to have cravings for this. My bf loved this too.MISO SPICY SQUID - This was really good calamari. It didn't have too much batter so you could actually taste the squid. And it wasn't over-fried. The pineapple salsa on top is an awesome compliment to it. SEARED SCALLOPS w/ DILL CREAM SAUCE & GOAT CHEESE - This was pretty tasty. I love dill and I love goat cheese; this was actually a nice combination. The scallops were cooked perfectly. RIB-EYE w/ AJI SAUCE - This was taken off the menu for some reason but it was cooked and seasoned perfectly (medium rare!). There was a hint of lovely and SPICY aji (Peruvian) sauce. Delicious. MINI MUSHROOM PANFRY- My bf and I didn't enjoy this. Although the mushrooms were cooked well, this dish had no flavor. We both love mushrooms so much and it was a disappointment that a dish with so much potential lacked flavor. PECAN-CRUSTED SALMON - OMG, this was incredibly delicious! My bf and I aren't really salmon people when it comes to non-Japanese food. The waiter told us that the sauce served with the salmon was really good, and that this was also a popular dish. We were so glad we took his advice. It was cooked medium-rare with a pecan crust. The combination of the sauce and light crust was so good. This is probably the only place that I would order salmon again. It was complimented with sauteed vegetables (Chinese brocoli, carrots, asparagus, onions, etc.)FIVE-O BREAD PUDDING  w/ COCONUT/PINEAPPLE, and BROWN SUGAR/PINEAPPLE ICE CREAM - This is your typical bread pudding, except for the added coconut/pineapple. The bread pudding itself was cooked very well. Tasty and firm, not too mushy like many bread puddings I've tasted. I love pineapple and coconut together (as in Pina Colada's), but it wasn't my favorite with the bread pudding. I did enjoy this dessert though, but I prefer it plain with a fruit sorbet like at Montrio's in Monterey (the best I've had!). Overall, I give this place a 4.5. The extra 0.5 stars for the creativity and uniqueness of the dishes and restaurant culture. It's extremely unique and definitely a local favorite! I just wish there was a Cowboy Ciao near me that I could dine at. Each time I go to AZ, I will be sure to stop by this tasty restaurant. Fine dining that is fun as well. Service is great.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2006,4/9/2007,43,24,2,2,2>If you're looking to enjoy a peppery burger surrounded by very short skirts and cleavage in nurses outfits, then look no further. Vegetarians should roll their eyes, and vegans should run screaming: Honesty is the policy here, where the "Flatliner Fries" are boldly declared to be "Fried in lard" on the menu. This place makes no pretenses: it's exactly what you'd expect. And it's perfect.The menu is simple. They have a single-bypass, double-bypass, tripple-bypass burgers etcetera where single refers to the number of 1/2 pound patties. The flatliner fries, soda, beer, and cigarettes take care of the rest.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,10/18/2009,239,156,6,15,13>I joined the crew last night for the HH organized by the fabulous Christina P. Although it was my first visit and I generally like to sample a place a few times before reviewing, there were so many of us there that I felt that I had gotten a pretty well-rounded experience and had enough information to provide input. Phoenix is known for its host of strip mall restaurants, but few can actually transport you to another place. The restaurant interior is a mix of kitschy Italian and moderately nice mainstream. The main patio is actually about the same size as the restaurant interior and is flanked by two cute NYC street scenes (think universal studios city scene) with each window telling a different story and the Statue of Liberty holding court. Very quaint! The back of the patio is taken up by a complete bar. The fire pit that others have mentioned is situated in the middle. The patio is clearly the place to be at this venue!Service was spot on, which was unexpected for such a large group. I have to echo Georgie S., the bartender seemed to single handedly (with the exception of bussing support) kept our brood quenched and fed with no errors. He asked each guests name upon their initial order and remembered them throughout the remainder of the evening. No simple feet, if you consider that we had at least 20 people in our party and he was also serving the numerous other guests that shared our al fresco setting.The manager Matt, came out to thank us for coming by and informed us that there is a separate patio in the back to accommodate private parties/functions. What a divine setting for almost any family or business gathering!In addition to the ambience and service, there is the food... Oddly one of the best things of the evening was the free appetizer provided to each table, which consists of bread and a parmesan/pesto dipping sauce that is so infused with garlic that its sweet fragrance swirls in the air. Now as Bacon B. points out, this will stay with you (i.e.: if you are on a date, you should both eat some) but it is seriously out of this world! I also really enjoyed the bruschetta, which is a classic take on the dish in every aspect except size. More often than not you will receive four or six small slices of toast with some tomatoes and basil carefully assembled on top, but not here... instead you will be served a small flatbread mounded with fresh hand cut tomatoes, chiffonades of basil and more of that dreamy garlic.I was also able to sample two of the new pizza offerings. The Roberto's (ironically offered up by the fabulous Robert M.), which was set off by a sprinkling of pepperocinis offering just a little kick, and the White pizza which had more of those rich garlic undertones. Although I enjoyed the toppings on each of the pizzas, I was left wanting more from the crust. Both were uniform in size and shape and a little on the tough / dense side, which made me wonder if they were not made in house. That said, it was not enough to detract from the overall experience and I will definitely be back in the near future.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,10/17/2009,122,215,10,24,13>Hands down best dim sum in the Valley. I've taken different groups of friends here on EVERY Sunday in the past two months, skipping only Easter, and have eaten like it's my last meal on Earth every time. All of my friends including Alex loved it and agree that it's the best dim sum in town right now. It's totally worth it even with the long drive from North Scottsdale and ridiculous weekend highway closures. Looks like I might be there again next Sunday...
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,10/16/2009,2178,528,42,33,35>Spit or swallow? Has never really been question in my mind. Ever since that summer of love in 77 with a certain blond haired neighbor boy, a pack of my mom's Winston 100s and some Tang I brought along just in case we got thirsty. And now even today, in my 40s, still swallowing. Only now it includes delicious wines from around the world. Oh. The sacrifices I make for my business!Ryan is my rep and he is delightful! He'd finally gotten an aggressive sales pitch down for me and today I've added  new wines due to his crafty salesmanship. I had a robust, cherry filled, with aromas of vanilla, Australian Syrah...it was outta this world and has the fabulous label to boot. I'm a sucker for good label. Marketing kids. It's all in the marketing.If you're able to buy wine from Action wine, I say pull that cork out of your ass and give 'em a call.Cheers!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,10/15/2009,708,1493,28,24,23>Tandoori TimesVolume 1, Issue 1, Number 1.  Limited run.  Copyright 2009, Mejimbo Enterprises.  All Rights Reserved.  Dateline 7 May 2009Scottsdale, Arizona    Yelpers Jim W and Audrey W were reportedly seen enjoying lively conversation and delicious Indian food with Donald S and Carin S.  Witnesses claim the group was laughing loudly at times.  One bystander reported, "That was a guffaw.  That outburst right there was definitely a guffaw.  Wild stuff."    Sources have related to this publication that the group dined on two appetizers, one known as a bread basket which consisted of four types of naan bread.  Jim W was overheard to say, "I really like the onion naan."  The other appetizer may have been Aloo Tikki.  This has not been confirmed as yet.  In any case the plate containing the reported Aloo Tikki was cleaned by the foursome, several even going so far as to swab at the remaining sauce on the plate.    The above sources also reported that the table was served an order of the Friday daily special of Kahari Shrimp.  It was overheard by a nearby table that the shrimp was "...flavorful with strong notes of garlic and ginger."  This has not substantiated, however.    Audrey W reportedly was served the Lamb Korma which she was rumored to have noted was "Yummy."    Carin S apparently was served the Chicken Masala and Donald S may have been served some sort of Vindaloo that included potato.  It seems there was considerable sharing of the dishes around the table and the main dishes may have been spooned over what some experts have suggested was a basmati rice with various herbs and spices.    An unnamed source has informed this publication that while Jim W claims to have particularly enjoyed the food and festive atmosphere which included a belly dancer and some swordplay, he was displeased with the excessive sound level produced by the in-house sound system and even requested that the music be reduced.    Jim W's blog had a statement this morning that read, in part; "...ears haven't hurt the next morning like that since my last rock concert.  I really liked the food but I wouldn't go back on a night when they have dancing again."
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2009,10/14/2009,174,98,15,16,16>Now those my friends, were some $12 tacos.  I know what you're thinking, who in their right mind would pay $12 for some tacos?? I know this, because I was thinking the same exact thing.  Personally, I have issues paying just about anything over $4 for tacos, because I happen to think that's all there worth.  I know I sound like a cheapskate, but I'm really not, I swear!  For a good piece of steak or a nice piece of fish, I expect to pay much more than $12, but there is something about tacos, maybe the fact that I can get spectacular ones at Loco Patron for $1 and $2 on Tuesdays that makes me not want to break the bank.  But, I digress...I was sitting at home on Cinco de Mayo feeling sorry for myself and content to remain there for the rest of the night, when the lovely Christina P demanded that I get off my ass and come meet her for some late-evening grub at Padres.  As you can imagine, especially with my tolerance for obnoxious drunks, I was not looking forward to going to a Mexican restaurant on this holiday, where I was certain I'd want to punch every patron in the place.  However, Christina P assured me that Padres was not my typical Mexican Cantina and that I would like it.  With the promise of booze and friends, I shot out my door like lightning.And boy am I glad I did! Yes, Padres was annoying at first with the seemingly 800 people in attendance and nowhere to park, but I was immediately put at ease with a quick beer and a fun bongo driven band to distract me.  We were sat fairly quickly considering how many people were there, and that is where my love affair with these delicious tacos began, and everything went kind of blurry from there.At our poor overworked waitress' suggestion, I ordered the short rib tacos.  I scoffed at the price, $11.99.  I further scoffed at the fact that there were no drink specials and it was Cinco de Mayo and we were at a Mexican Restaurant.  After a little sweet-talking, she agreed to give us Happy Hour beer prices which is all I could've asked for.And then they came out.  They didn't look that remarkable at first, oversized, which was nice considering the price, but nothing special...until my first bite.  It was literally the most tender beef I have ever had in a Mexican restaurant, at any Arizona restaurant period.  They melted in my mouth.  They were rich and flavorful.  I had to consult Nathan S. to make sure I wasn't dreaming these magical tacos up, but he confirmed I was lucid and spot on in my diagnosis.Now those were some $12 tacos...best $12 I've ever spent.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,10/12/2009,596,450,21,23,22>I am not a "pretty man"...no I'm really not...stop it...you're making me blush! :-)Really, even though The Beautiful Carin tells me that I'm "adorable", I am really more of a "regular joe"...a (youngish) middle aged "everyman".I am reminded of this fact each and every time I stroll in to AZ 88:)There are, indeed, tons of pretty people at AZ 88...lounging, laughing, lingering, loitering, lolling, loving and probably even lusting:)For 20 years (although I've only been here for about 5 of those years) AZ 88 has been one of the "see and be seen" places in Scottsdale.And it shows in the clientele...but they let me in anyway:)It's been a good spot for the Beautiful Carin and I to grab a pre-function cocktail, a relatively cheap burger or sandwich (and a giant martini) or a post-function nightcap.Besides the fact the fact that it's right in my neighborhood, there are several reasons that Carin and I have become fond of this place over the years:)* The food really is pretty good...the burgers, sandwiches, salads and appetizers are generously sized and the waffle fries hit the sweet spot in the crusty/greasy axis of arterial obstruction (I was going to attach the graph I created but Yelp doesn't play that way:)* The food really is pretty inexpensive...I was going to say cheap, but really...it's not cheap, cheap...just inexpensive compared to some of the other places around the neighborhood :)* The drinks are better than pretty good:) I was thinking that they are expensive, but then I looked at the size of these things and the price to buzz ratio becomes a terrific value (again, I was going to attach a very compelling chart that I've created, but no attachment feature for  spreadsheets and charts! :-)* The atmosphere is relaxed and relaxing, but fun and upbeat...does that make sense? It does to me after a couple of AZ 88 Ketel One martini's:) Two of those big ass marti's are like a six pack of marti's from Dick's Hideaway...for a lot less dough:) I'm glad I can walk here and back home:)* There is always something "happening" at AZ 88...at Christmas, the martini glass Christmas Tree...witticisms' painted on the walls, power couples attempting to couple in the unisex loo, music and laughter...what more could you want?:)* Which brings me to the final bullet point of my AZ 88 presentation...the people watching...AZ 88 is like the headwaters of the mighty Columbia River...except that here we have Scottsdale's beautiful people and there we have Chinook salmon...but, respectively, these places are where they go to spawn:) AZ 88 might not be such a blatant meet up spot as someplace like Cream, Dirty Pretty or the W, but for easy conversation, strong drinks and reasonable food, AZ 88 still pretty much leads the pack (again, I put together a trending bar chart that clearly illustrates my point, but I couldn't attach it...oh well if you want the charts and spreadsheets, let me know and I can email them to you:)Pick a nice evening, wander through the park and end up on the deck at AZ 88...that's what we do every couple of months.Enjoy watching people strolling through the park, the cocktails, a chicken sandwich and waffle fries and watch all the mating rituals going on around you...some people might call this decadent and dissolute, but I call it "Thursday Evening":)
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,10/11/2009,112,94,11,11,9>Erika gets me. Really. Actually, I think she gets everyone. She is great at reading people and interpreting what they actually want when they sound a little confused. Over the summer I decided to cut off a large amount of hair. I brought Erika a couple of pictures that probably did not have anything to do with one another, but I sat down and she knew what I wanted. I have loved every haircut I have gotten from her. Hubski's mom was in town a few months ago. After getting a terrible haircut at an overpriced salon in West Hollywood, she saw my hair and insisted we make an appointment for her right away. This conversation ensued: "Mamechka, the place I go is a little punky." "OK" "Erika has tattoos and piercings, and green hair." "OK, vat's de problem?" We went that afternoon and now she can't stop raving about Erika. The haircut was fabulous and much less expensive than the one Erika had to fix. She's a badass. No one else can come near my hair with sharp objects.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,10/10/2009,362,221,15,18,18>I love, love, love Lux. For some magical reason I get tons of work done here. It is always busy, noisy & crowded, but somehow I am more productive here than anywhere else these days. I started riding my bike from Miller & Thomas to Lux on Sundays since I need the exercise & I never get work done at home. It is worth the 20 mile round trip bike ride. I love their cappuccinos & the baked goods have all been fabulous. Please stop eating the quiche people, so there will be some left when I get there.The people that work there & super chill & friendly too.Wait a minute, I meant to say Lux sucks...never go there so there will always be a seat for me! ;)
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2009,10/9/2009,848,353,19,23,23>If you have a longish lunch hour, go.  I went around 5pm tonight and there was nobody in front of me.  Took me 5 minutes to get my fish burrito (Thanks to Chris T for the recommendation!)It was HUGE and came with a little cup of two salsas: green and red.  I cut it in half to enjoy the salsas separately.  Filled to the brim with rice, cheese, beans and the fish and smothered in some sort of sauce, it was delicious!  Service was super-friendly and everyone had a smile on their face and said "Amy, your fish burrito is ready!"  I mean, the personalized service was great.  Maybe hitting them at a slow hour was what did it.  There is a little retail spot where you can get incense (they're hippies, get it???) and posters on the wall to peruse while waiting.  I took mine home, but the patio is lovely.  There's even a vintage bike parked out front with little baskets filled with potted plants.  How adorable is that????
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2008,10/8/2009,156,265,5,13,10>We got to introduce 3 "virgins" to the wonders of PaM tonight- and they all agreed it was tremendous and fabulous. The gnocchi was pillowy and perfect, the saltimbocca was tender and rich, the mussels were fat and flavorful, the carbonara was snatched from its orderer and devoured by his girlfriend who loved what she ordered until she tasted his. The bread was great, as always, and the tapenade bowl was scraped clean. The calamari fritti was light and fresh, and one friend exclaimed that the accompanying marinara was the best she'd ever had. Even though they live in East Mesa, they'll be returning for sure. I think those of us who are regulars were concerned when Maurizio left to open Amarone. After all, he was such a big part of the charm and ambiance of the place. Let me tell you, the new GM Michael more than fills his shoes. Charming? You bet. Awesome accent? Check. Kind, accommodating, cool under pressure? Yes, yes, yes. Remembers you and your problems with tomatoes? Always. Tonight, I also brought in a cheesecake I had made for my friend (her favorite, and she now lives out of state) and without missing a beat, Michael offered to put it in the walk-in, even brought it out with candles, then took it back and served it to us on plates he decorated as if it were his own dessert. I was so impressed with his generosity. That's the kind of service and small town feel you get at Pizza a Metro. As long as we live here and the place is open, we'll continue to be regulars.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,9/18/2012,666,231,29,18,20>My pants get tight when I think about Pho Thanh.There is little else that I can say that would more accurately convey my love for this restaurant.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,9/17/2012,186,135,8,13,9>This review is long overdue and I have a feeling it's going to be one that makes my mouth water as I type it.My grandma introduced me to Roma Garden long ago with their delicious herb butter and warm crusty bread with a glass of house chianti. I overlooked their oddly shaped rolling chairs and focused on the excellent waitstaff and delicious Chef Mastacciolo or Chef Raviolis or the Pollo Parmasiana or the Fettucini Alfredo or the...Oh crap, I told you this would happen. I'm so hungry!So, it's not the most up-to-date restaurant in town, but it's so cozy and the food is fantastic. They have happy hours with $1 off beer and well, $2 off their vast selection of house wines, and $3 off appetizers in the bar from 4-6pm daily. Reverse happy hour from 8pm-close and all day on Monday & Wednesday. But what I suggest, if you're looking to save some cash and are dying to try this place, is to go eat Monday to Thursday from 4-5:30pm. Smaller dinners for half price! Their normal portions are ginormous anyway, so it's really the perfect size. Your stomach and wallet will thank you.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/16/2012,892,390,5,7,5>Ohhhhhhhhhhh, piggie, piggie! Why must you be so darned good?! I've been to this restaurant twice so far (it's pretty new to the area) & I ordered the same thing both times ..... it was so good I just wanted to eat the same thing again :D My now FAVORITE is the pulled pork sandwich. I just eat the meat & save my bread allotment for the moist & sweet corn bread. The pulled pork itself is never dry, cooked to perfection and, while good on it's own, is elevated to heaven status when doused with some hot BBQ sauce (which isn't hot at all, just tasty). At some point I will try other items on their menu. A friend got the pulled chicken sandwich and my pulled pork sandwich was better... nani-nani-boo-boo! As an added plus I like sitting in the wooden picnic tables (they're inside away from the heat!) on which you get to write :D Look for my masterpiece! It's a piggie that looks like it was crossed with a cat..... kind of like spider pig, but instead it's cat pig, lol. P.S. This restaurant is cash only, but not to worry, they have an ATM :)
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,9/15/2012,795,565,4,16,6>Finally, friendly folks who do the job right.My wife decided after several years to have acrylic nails put back on.  Previous visits to other salons for manicures and pedicures found weird attitudes from techs, infections, and manicures that peel off in two days.  We wanted a place that would welcome us, provide good service, and have good prices.  It is amazingly hard to find all three of these qualities in a nail salon.My wife used to do nails when she was younger, so she knows what she is looking for.  One thing that she noticed about this place was that when Tia was doing her nails, she planned carefully and put on just enough acrylic to finish the job with a minimal amount of grinding.  This way, she saved time, product, and money.  When the nails were complete, they were done so well that before the color went on they looked like her own natural nails at first glance.  This shows good skill on the tech's part.The end result?  Just look at the photos that I posted here.  Nice shape, nice job overall.  If my wife is happy, then I'm happy.  You can currently find good coupons for Colorful Nails through Valpak.  If you have the GeoQPons app on your iPhone, you can also find printout coupons there.Just one IMPORTANT thing.  This salon does NOT have a storefront on McClintock.  The salon on the street is called Leo Orchid and has terrible Yelp reviews overall (see for yourself).  Since they have the same address (being in the same complex), people tend to confuse the two (Leo Orchid apparently also honors Colorful Nails coupons, adding to the confusion).  The salon is near Xtreme Bean and used to be called ABC Nails.  From McClintock, turn on to Southern past the Walgreens and then make a left on Butte to turn into the back side of the parking lot.  Colorful Nails is in the long building there.If you are looking for a nice set of nails, complete with freehand nail art, these folks will make you happy.  Tips by credit card OK.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,9/14/2012,175,390,6,8,6>What is not to love about this wonderful Bakery. It is in a great location right on Southern in Tempe. If you did not know it was there however, you might not realize what it is. Lots of parking in the lot. Very clean and wonderful smelling inside.Their pastries and baked goods are fabulous. Fresh and wonderful. Plus you can order almost any type of cake that you would like. My girlfriend got me a Tiramasu Birthday Cake here and it was one of the best I have ever had, short of Italy itself.Fresh , creamy, and smooth. The lady fingers were fantastic!If you ever need a cake or even some lovely morining snacks. This is the place to go.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/13/2012,281,41,20,23,30>The night is hot and sticky. The streets of old town have an eerily abandoned feeling as we realize it's 9pm on a Friday night and we are the only pedestrians around. Even in a sundress and sandals, I feel my skin glow with perspiration. After a bit of wandering, we realize we might be lost when I see a corridor lined with vines and trellises and my intuition and sense of adventure tells me to follow it. I grab his hand and lead the way blindly. He begins questioning my decision when I see a mysterious wooden door and before he can finish objecting we realize we found our way to the truth within. We step inside and it feels like we found the closet that leads to Narnia. We walk into another world. Another time. Relaxed sounds of jazz caress our ears as our eyes adjust to the darkness and candlelight. We take in the old world feel, the stone, the wood, the beautiful sleek bar...that seems to be beckoning us to sit. Couples and groups of friends absorbed in each other on cushy couches and stools all with a sense of privacy and feeling that there is no world outside of this place and there is no moment other than now. His eyes meet mine and we know this is exactly where we want to be.As we settle in at the bar, helpful suggestions are ready when we ask. He orders for me, as only seems appropriate in this mysterious and romantic era. Pinot Noir, Cabernet, plates of pâté, soppressata, brie, stilton white with cherries. I can taste the pure indulgence dripping off the mere words as they leave his mouth. The wine flows and the food is plentiful. Every sip, every bite, is something to savor and worthy of noting. Our conversation, whispers of love and beauty in each other's ears, lips close enough for a kiss. Knowledge of another world, remembrances of anyone else is lost as we fall under the spell that is Kazimierz. When the night is over and we have no choice but to go back to where we came from, we reluctantly step back out into the warm, heavy night air greeted by sounds of traffic and rickshaw drivers ringing their bells. But as we leave, we take with us a secret. A sexy, decadent, mysterious secret that lies behind an old wooden door in the heart of old town. The only way to discover that secret is to seek out that door and enter it yourself.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/12/2012,493,165,5,9,7>it has, that draw. a staple in Phoenix, Copper Star Coffee. Setting a high standard for quality in coffee and baking this place has built a great reputation.  William T. describes the place as "Very old school"  I agree, This place keeps its simple and relaxing.  Off 7th Ave, its a cool joint, from the outside its noticeably an old gas station and once your inside you know your in a serious coffee house. Big time fan (3,1/2stars)  Copper Star Coffee is another pit stop that provides this city with its heartbeat.  These little stop shops gives us a little time in society to see or neighbors up close.  Thank you, you small businesses like Copper Star that keep our city one step ahead of our corporate friends such as one that also has a star in their name  4220 N 7th Ave is just North of the Indian school 7th Ave. I lived near hereand what a find.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,9/11/2012,650,610,6,8,7>I finally had the opportunity to take the whole family to enjoyed homey greek/mediterranean food.  It was a success.  The twins tried everything and those are some picky eaters.  I love the lentil soup, and I have told before in other reviews, I am not a soup person but this one is so delicious.  I guess I must have become a soup person, but I digress.  My chicken was so tender and marinated to perfection.  My little girl ate all her portion plus some of her brother's chicken.  THey both enjoyed the rice.  I was supposed to be off of carbs this week, but I couldn't pass up this one.  It is perfectly cooked rice.  The garlic sauce that comes with the chicken goes so well with it.  My hubby had a salad with some gyro meat on it.  He really enjoyed it.  The only bad thing is that this place is so far from us.  I could see having take out at least a couple of times a week, if I live closer.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,9/10/2012,480,193,8,8,8>Good food, great service. Lunchtime deal is a bargain, and you still get all the yummy, crispy homemade chips and salsa you can eat.GGGGOOOOAAAAALLLLLL
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,9/9/2012,437,464,9,17,12>This food is so delicious!My friend recently moved here from the Bronx and he said he already found a place that makes the perfect Puerto Rican food - this place is mmm mmm good.  When I sat down I asked the server what she recommended and she started off by  saying that the pernil had been slow roasted for 14 hours - I didn't have to hear more, that was what I was getting.  She also brought out some plantanos with some oil and garlic, very tasty.  Her suggestion did not disappoint, the pork was so tender and flavorful.  The service was outstanding!  I loved my server, so funny and attentive. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,1/16/2012,73,136,4,8,6>First impressions are always important, and I was wowed by the Gothic meets Modern meets British Invasion decor. In fact, I liked it so much that it may have colored my opinion on the restaurant quite a bit. For starters I had the soft pretzels with cheese fondue which was so delicious! You get a basket of large pretzel pieces and a substantial pot of cheese. More than enough for two people!Then I had the Chicken Gorgonzola salad. It was the perfect cool dish for a hot summer day. I wish it had a few more apple slices in it, but over all it was a great salad with the perfect amount of dressing. Our waiter was attentive, but it could have been because the restaurant was pretty empty relative to it's size. Although I imagine that it is packed on weekend nights.I was also pleased that they brought out black napkins for me since I was wearing black pants. It was a thoughtful touch!I can't wait to go back and try something off of their extensive cocktail menu! Too bad drinking isn't acceptable during working hours!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,1/15/2012,741,230,3,18,13>I really do think that I could live off their chicken mole tacos and the salsa bar! The service was wonderful, the food was above and beyond, and I am addicted to their cilantro salsa. The chicken mole tacos were overflowing with meat and topped with just a bit of pickled onions, perfection. Their quesadillas .....as delicious as they are, are not figure friendly. They are homemade corn tortillas stuffed with various meats, cheeses and veggies and then deep fried. I had the Oaxaca cheese & char-broiled Arrachera steak, which was ooozing out on delivery. Waaay more than I bargained for, good thing I was sharing. These are very indulgent and intensely tasty.Once I got a little into trying all their salsas, I decided to mix the cilantro salsa and the chipotle salsa...WOW!!  This was my husband's idea, have to give him credit. If you haven't been here already...go...if you have been here...go back, I know I will.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,1/14/2012,215,277,4,8,7>Is it a lounge? Is it a theater? Nope it's both, and it rocks at BOTH!It does have a bit of the "ok, what now?" atmosphere (as previously stated) when you enter but after that is super chill. The lounge area itself is a nice wide open space where groups can very comfortably congregate.We went to a movie and sat in the back (with bar level table seating) and the staff came by three times offering bar service (very cool!).  The theater has 4 or 5 theater rows and 4 or 5 bar level tables and chairs in the back. In a small space they've really produced a good movie theater feel! Nice job!I wish they had hard liquor as this would be a great way to delineate it from the other nearby establishments (especially since it has the best chill atmosphere in the area). I hope this place takes off 'cause it's super cool.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,1/13/2012,111,146,3,8,7>I've never been a huge Vietnamese fan, but Rice Paper has shown me the light! This little joint is run by two sassy sisters who are a hoot to be around and make delicious food. The spring rolls here are amazing - I think its the best thing on their menu - and they are so cheap that you can order several of them, tapas style!  They are always made with fresh ingredients and are packed with flavor.I also love the vegetarian pho.  It may seem expensive but it is HUGE and comes with a number of ingredients - tofu, lime, mint, jalapenos, sprouts, onions.  Whenever I am in a soup mood I turn to that pho.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,1/12/2012,75,87,5,7,7>Craving authentic Cuban cuisine? Well I was, and with one trip to Havana Cafe I satistied my craving. With a small and basic interior, it is far from a glamourized restaurant. However, what Havana Cafe lacks in apperance it makes up for in substance. Quality of the food, authenticity of the dishes and excellent customer service are the factors that really make this place stand out for me. Everything I tasted was extremely rich and packed with flavor. I ordered the ceviche, and it was AWESOME. It left an essence of piquant limes, ripe tomatoes and crisp bell peppers lingering on my tongue. I also thoroughly enjoyed their fried plantain chips with black bean dip (you've got to try it!!!!) This place serves the real Cuban deal.The food here isn't cheap, so plan on spending a good chunk of change on your meal. Also, I'm hoping that I just visited on an off night because the mojito I ordered tasted more like a margarita as it lacked that refreshingly crisp mojito taste. It was disappointing but I'm determined to come back here and give them another chance. That way, I'll have an excuse to check out their mojito specials on Mondays!Our server was awesome and highly attentive. The fact that they have live music is also pretty cool. Overall, this place has a lot of authentic character and that's why I'm a fan. I enjoy unique dining experiences, and Havana Cafe definitely fits that bill. So, if your looking for something different, check this place out! Your taste buds will thank you.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2011,1/11/2012,157,146,12,14,10>Out of all the bars, this one I call 'home'. Time and again they always book good bands for their weekend and most of our bike rallies either start or end here. Drinks are very fair and the staff friendly. This is not a place for you Wanna Be's, here you'll have to mind your Ps&Qs and pay respect, so you better learn to rules or go home. This is a H.A. bar through and through.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,1/10/2012,60,80,5,8,9>Mmmmmmm Mmmmm Mmm........ so good! I was skeptical about mach meats, but was pleasantly surprised by how delicious they were prepared. We ordered a couple of apps & 2 bowls to try. The apps were good, but my drunken mushroom "chicken" was executed beautifully! The best part? The "TSoynami Clunky Monkey" was a dessert that I couldn't stop moaning after every bite! Was that TMI?? Just imagine... Soy Ice Cream mixed with chunks of bananas, pecans, and chocolate drizzled throughout. Even if you eat too much and think you don't have room... don't miss this chance - make room!! You won't be sorry. Overall? Excellent! I am a fan and can't wait to try more on the menu!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,1/9/2012,228,749,5,8,6>Never sat on the patio before...  Love that it is November and we can sit outside and enjoy the weather!  The staff is super friendly and always aiming to please.  I ordered the Blanco Flatbread (roasted garlic cream, mozzarella, parmesan-reggiano, and added roasted chicken).  Less the onions for me on this.  It is crispy, light, and delish!  I tried a slice of the Carne Flatbread from Shane's plate.  YUM!!!  The spicy was the right amount.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2011,1/6/2012,848,353,16,19,17>After a few trips to Churn, I decided it was time to try Windsor. I'd gotten a few tips from friends on what to order and everyone really enjoyed their food.Kammie K was my lunch partner. When I got there, she had a bowl of pistachios in front of her. In. The. Shell. I love that! Good food always takes a little work, right? As we munched on the nuts (hahaha I am a nut muncher!) I saw something on the menu I'd been wanting to try for a couple months: kale chips.The chips came with a ranch dipping sauce, but I only tried a little of it. They were perfect on their own! Garlic hunks and sea salt peppered each leaf perfectly. I can't wait to learn how to make them at home!I also had bite-sized corn dogs. They were pretty good & came with a side of mustard, but some of the batter didn't cook all the way on a couple of the pieces.The patio here is awesome. The misters really keep the temperature down, though I will have to really judge that in July.  They have the BEST soundtrack playing, too. It's a mix of awesome 80s music. Oh, and their wall is covered in cassette tapes. Some of them are mixed tapes. FTW!!!(Bring $5 for the valet. There is street parking, but it's hard to come by.)
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,1/5/2012,301,169,18,23,22>This place is such an awesome change from the typical Scottsdale scene.  Instead of looking around and seeing the same 4 people carbon copied about 100 times, Char's has an eclectic crowd of young and old, black and white, hipsters and cougars, bikers and divas all wonderfully coexisting.  Hey, kind of like a real big city with culture!  Char's has different bands playing each night - Soul Power was performing when I was there and they were fantastic!  These musicians like to interact with their audience and know how to get the crowd going.  Their tunes range from the stuff your mom & dad probably got down to in the 60s - 70s (grown-folk music as they called it) through 80s R & B, modern top 40 hits and anything with a little soul in between.  Even if you go thinking you won't dance, be prepared to get sweaty because you just can't help yourself.  Everyone else will be having too much fun out there for you to resist!Char's loses a a couple stars for the tiny dance floor, limited seating, and lack of ventilation, but gets a well-deserved bonus star just for being so unique!  There's really no other place quite like it in Phoenix.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/29/2013,168,339,4,6,5>Well we finally made it to Lo-Lo's for lunch after hearing so much about it!! All I can say is what took us so long?!? This place was amazing!We came about 3pm on a Sunday and had a 10-15 min wait. I loved looking around the restaurant and really liked the red brick inside and out. Also I liked the decor of lights made out of mason jars and TVs around. Waiting was not a problem. Once we were sat we were greeted with a friendly waiter, I think his name was Joseph. I ordered the catfish and waffle and my wife had the #2 Baby Ray, basically 3 piece chicken meal with 2 waffles with gravy and onions. We also had a side of the Mac n cheese too. All in all I thought the food was outstanding!  Probably best friend chicken I've ever had. I loved it even more with a bite of chicken and waffle at the same time! Simply amazing. The catfish was also equally amazing. Very flakey and fried just right. The waffles were made perfect too and I can't forget about the gravy. Very thick and yummy. Oh and the Mac! I heard that they have mushrooms in the Mac. I'm not a fan if mushrooms but gave it a try and I'm glad I did. Was also greatWe ended our meal with a taste of the red velvet cake.  But we had to get it to go because we were both so stuffed! But when I did try it, it's didn't disappoint!  Very hearty and I liked the walnuts in it. All in all I have no idea what took us so long to try Lo-Lo's!!  Now that I know where it's at ill definitely be coming back!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/28/2013,273,57,3,7,8>The newly opened ChopShop in the middle of Scottsdale is a fantastic new healthy spot to grab breakfast, lunch or dinner!! I visited today for lunch and loved everything!! Beverages they offer include a large list of seasonal lemonades and fresh squeezed fruit and veggie juices. I decided to try something new and ordered a fresh squeezed Cold Buster (oranges, carrots, and ginger)... it was great!! They also have a good sized menu consisting of salads and sandwiches and everything sound so good to try!!  I got the American salad with added shrimp, which was packed full of bacon, egg, corn chips (aka fritos), and so much shrimp for an extra $3, I basically got a shrimp salad!  The food is very reasonably priced with most items ranging in the $7- $10 range. The ChopShop decor has a country chic vibe and is a fun and lively place to grab a bite.  You can take your orders to-go, dine inside or out.  The staff was super nice and welcoming and I can't wait to try more items from this great new spot in Scottsdale!
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/27/2013,100,799,9,15,12>Susie is just a short bike ride from The Villa here, deep, deep in the ghetto, so I whipped on over here today to give her a try...  that is, to give her food a try.     :-)This is a medium sized restaurant with a big, rather inviting covered patio, a comfortable dining room, and a full bar (!) in the other room that's cheery & light in the daytime, not "boozy".For this first visit, I ate in the dining room and went with Lunch Special #1, which conjured up a bowl of thick, tasty tortilla chips along with two good salsas, a hot, red pureed one and a medium red chunky style.  Along with those, I enjoyed a mug of beer FOR A PENNY!Before long, the rest of my order arrived, consisting of a nice Carne Deshebrado hard taco and a medium sized Chile Verde Burrito.Everything was delicious here and an excellent value at $7.25 + 1¢ for the beer=$7.26.  (Soft drink would have been optional, also for the 1¢.)This was really good!  The only thing holding them back from 5 Stars from me is that if you order anything other than one of the five Lunch Specials, things get expensive.  My usual preferred Mexican combo order anywhere is a Chile Relleno, a hard Deshebrado Taco, refried beans, Spanish Rice and of course chips and salsa.  That order here (#12) costs $10.95 & most everything on the regular menu is around that price.With that said, I liked this place a lot & think as long as you stick with the Lunch Specials it's an awesome deal...  especially with that ice cold mug of Bud for a penny!  Can you imagine?¿?     :-))
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,4/26/2013,156,158,5,9,10>I've been hearing about this place for awhile now and finally tried it out.  The boy and I put our name on the list for the restaurant and decided to venture to the roof top bar while we waited.The pool area is lovely, as is  the lobby.  Neat elevator. Gorgeous view from the roof.  Really nice outdoor bar.  Plus they have Hendricks, so I was set.  The bartenders were super friendly, we had a nice chat and headed back down stairs.We were seated outside and pursed the menus. We shared the chochinita and fish tacos, they were very good.  The boy got the Naco Torta, he enjoyed it.  I had the chilquiles verdes with a side of rice.  The flavors were really good, I just wish there had been more of them.  Easily rectified with a healthy dousing of the provided hot sauce, not love lost here.  Our server was efficient, he kept our waters full and the food came out correctly and on time.  Maybe a little over enthused about correct pronunciation of each dish, but I can handle it.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,4/25/2013,191,100,15,11,9>Do I love Lee's Sandwiches?  Yes, in every way possible.  Do I love their iced mochas?  Yes, more than life itself.Do I love the number 5 sandwich?  Yes, but not as much as their iced mochas... yum!If I had to find something bad to say about this place, it would probably be the same knock as everyone else -- they only accept cash.  Luckily, sandwiches are around $4.Go to Lee's... but don't you sit in my favorite seat, ya hear me?!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/24/2013,202,823,7,6,6>place is yummy! $1.50 ice cream is a steal and at $2.00 for an ice cream sandwhich everyone should be screaming for ice cream!!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,4/23/2013,732,344,8,12,12>Scrum diddly! 2 of us ate for $21I had the red chile w cheese-- added the lettuce, sour cream, onion and tomatoes. We split the honey/powdered sugar fry bread. Tons of food! Friendly and quick service. Hard to find, literally right off Stapley in an odd shopping plaza. Don't let that deter you!It is nothing fancy, just yummy food!!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,4/22/2013,378,308,5,11,11>My husband had been bugging me for a while to try New York Flavor.  I finally gave in and let him take me there for lunch.  It's a small place in a strip mall in Surprise.  You order your food at the counter then seat yourself.  Your food will be brought out to you when it is ready.  I ordered the Basil Mascarpone burger.  It was a good burger, but I think that the patty lacked a little seasoning.  I had my burger with a side of pasta salad. I would be interested in going again and trying something different.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,4/21/2013,736,547,5,8,5>I am officially a Dropout. This  Fox Restaurant is HUMONGOUS! The transformation of the old motorcycle shop was perfectly executed (see pics). The Dropout bar is big and gorgeous, the inside gives you full view of the kitchen and the awesome preps working behind the counter. I had the mussels with garlic, wine, sundried tomatoes and sausage. It came with grilled toast that I used as a sponge to soak up the delicious sauce. Roberto my splendid server/bartender told me they came from Washington and they are grown in under a year which accounts for the thick succulent meat and paper thin shell. My only critique is that they should serve them in a bowl instead of a platter so the mussels can soak in the broth and  not get cold.  The Yard is equally awesome. They have pig in a hole, ping pong, bocce ball and  shuffle board. I can see myself spending many an afternoon here with mimosas in hand. Apparently it will also function as a live music venue and with the space and set up I can imagine it rockin.They haven't started happy hour yet which was a bit disappointing. 4 drinks and a shared app came in at about $60 bucks which was a bit pricey. I love blowing all my funds on food and booze though so I'm sure I'll be back this weekend.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/20/2013,311,459,6,17,12>This little restaurant is a gem of a find! There might just be a bit of confusion about the name, because the signage in front says "Bisteces", with "Cuban Bakery & Restaurant" appended to it, while their business card (and facebook page) says "Cuban Foods Bakery & Restaurant."  I had lunch here with Rand H., Mike C., Scott W., and Jose C. and it was a really enjoyable gathering. Our hostess was so friendly and gracious, and the food was great! We shared some delectable croquetas for appetizers and I ordered my favorite ropa vieja - it was such a savory delight. It came with a side of moros y cristianos - black beans and rice, made even more flavorful with pork cubes (sorry, vegans). I'll let my other friends tell you of their orders in their reviews, but this restaurant is certainly one to return to often - and I will, because it is so near where I live, and the prices are really good.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,9/27/2007,9,104,,5,4>Three Roots is the best cafe in Phoenix, without doubt. Interesting conversations abound, good healthy food is sold with the excellent coffees and teas, and cool images of Buddhas, Beck, and the work of local artists can be found on the walls. To add to the coolness, good magazines can be found in large piles in one room. They even carry one of my favorites, "What is Enlightenment?," which my eyes have not seen in the hands of another reader. Unlike my experience in most cafes, the music here has never disappointed me.Some bar seating is available, but most surround tables of various sizes. There are also comfortable couches and chairs upon which to sit. Because of the variety of seating, this can be a problem during heavy traffic times if you want to work on a laptop or spread out study materials on a table. Three Roots tends to attract an intellectual/alternative crowd like a good cafe should, although it's to everyone else's detriment that they don't check out what real cafe soul feels like.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,9/26/2007,325,381,,5,3>Holy lord, this place has amazing breakfast burritos. Their bagels are good too. The crowd seems to be older - perhaps even senior. It's also not the coolest location ever. Still - if this is your neighborhood, this should be your bagel place. Beats the shit out of Einstein or Chompies. It's also worth a trip to check out their breakfast food. Actually - now that I mention it, I think I'm gonna hit it up this weekend. I used to work at a bagel deli called Bagels De Lox - we had awesome bagels and sandwiches... I think if you have a clever name with "Lox" in it, you're probably good. This place rules.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2007,9/24/2007,131,423,1,3,6>Homme is part of what I would call "New Phoenix" or "Anti-Scottsdale".  The drinks are cheap, the music is good and the crowd is friendly.  Its got a house party vibe and I mean that in the best possible way.  Did I mention that the crowd is friendly?  Like seriously friendly.  Everytime I gone to Homme I've ended up partying with complete strangers.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2007,9/23/2007,23,33,7,1,2>Let me just start off by saying that I am NOT straight, but I did go here once on a friday.  There were a bunch of hipsters with their shirts on...that's cool, I'm down with that.  I was there with my straight bros from work, and they seem to have a lot of fun so I thought I'd check things out.After I went around the room telling everyone I'm gay, I ordered a drink from the bar.  I measured the percentage of alcohol in the drink with my portable alcohol meter, and it was 0.2% more than the gay bars I usually go to, but that's cool...nothing wrong with that.  But was the female bartender checking me out?  Probably...so I told her I'm gay and that this chick was barking up the wrong tree!  That irritated look on her face told me she was disappointed.  Just to make sure, I made out with my boyfriend in front of her to make sure she knows I'm seriously gay.Overall, it was a nice crowd, and I tried dancing for awhile without moving my arms like everyone else was doing.  Weren't they hot with all those clothes on?  But it's cool, not that there's anything wrong with that.BUT SERIOUSLY, I poke fun because a lot of reviews are written by people who are uncomfortable with the fact that this club is mostly gay on the weekends.  But forget all that, because if you leave your discomfort and attitude at the door I guarantee you will have a good time.  Burn is just about the best thing to happen to the Phoenix club scene in a long time.You will not find any of the attitude that the Scottsdale clubs are famous for, and the music is always good.  This is the club to go to when you want to dance, because the dance floor takes up almost the entire club.  But don't worry because there's a lounge area and an outdoor patio if you just wanna hang and talk.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2007,9/22/2007,143,114,,6,9>I agree 100% with some of the reviewers who address the long wait time and the issue about what constitutes as some of the world's best pizza.  Our group of six were well-informed about what to expect were therefore comfortably prepared for an absolutely great experience.  We were told that there would be a two hour wait, so we arrived at Pizzeria Bianco's at 5:00 p.m., put our name down, and happily passed the time away with champagne, great beer, and a nice cheese and salami plate at Bar Bianco's.  It gave us a chance to relax, catch up with one another, and develop a great buzz (and appetite!) before we were seated.  Sure enough, we were seated on-time and there was great energy in the restaurant.  The decor was quaint, simple and not pretentious.  Despite the huge pizza oven that became an interesting focal point in the restaurant and could be seen from any point in the dining room, it was comfortably cool for its patrons in the Phoenix heat!  The place is a bit small and I wouldn't recommend going with more than 6 people.  For those who complain about this factor, I've learned through my travels that some of the coolest locations in the world like the Devil's Throat which accommodates only one spelunker at a time in its cave passages, or the little booth in the Parisian cafe that accommodates a maximum of four people at a time  - not every place can always accommodate you - sometimes YOU have to accommodate the place and sometimes you have to sacrifice a little for the experience.  (Alrighty, I guess that's enough ranting about the Ugly American from me!).  The place has a casual vibe and there were plenty of patrons in t-shirts and shorts, but I would feel like I were disrespectful of the whole experience if my husband hadn't worn at least a collared shirt with his shorts.  We all had shorts on, but were dressed nicer than if we were just going to the local taco stand.  We ordered 5 out of the 6 pies on the menu and we also ordered two salads (plenty of food for all of us just as the waiter had advised).  The caprese salad (tomatoes and mozzarella) had some of the tastiest mozzarella I've ever had!  All of the pies were great and I would not be the least bit hesitant to order any of them again, but my personal favorites were the Margherita and the Sonny Boy.  Not surprisingly,  everyone at our table had a different favorite because they were all great.  Overall, not only was the thin crust a perfect combination of chewy and crispy, but it was also tasty - I could eat the crust without any toppings (one prerequisite for me in a great pizza - like fresh home made pasta that doesn't need anything but a little olive oil and sea salt).  Each pie was a work of art - just beautifully rustic and easily identifiable since the toppings were certainly not hiding under a ton of cheese - they were lying on top in all their naked glory.  So people want to know - how does it compare to authentic Italian Pizza or New York Pizza?  I don't know.  It's Pizzeria Bianco's pizza!  Now the all important final answer everyone wants to know - is Pizzeria Bianco's the best pizza in the world?  I can't say for sure - I haven't been to Italy or a bunch of other places in the world that has pizza, but with impeccably fresh ingredients, undoubtedly good food, a great atmosphere, and courteous service, it is up there with some of the greatest pizza and greatest and most memorable pizza experiences I've ever had.  That's good enough for me to give this place five stars.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/23/2007,9/21/2007,94,40,3,1,7>A childhood friend of mine from the Denver area was visiting Phoenix, and I wanted to take her out to dinner to a place that wasn't stuffy, somewhat hip and modern, with an interesting menu. Then I thought of Fez. My other girlfriends have raved about the place, and I was going to take their word for it.It was a Tuesday night, the place was filled, but not packed, we quickly got a table and were gently reminded by the hostess that Tuesdays are when SKYY martinis are $5...you cannot even imagine how much my blood pressure went up when I heard these endearing words come out of the hostess' mouth! Wide-eyed, my friend and I quickly glanced at the martini/specialty drinks menu. I ordered the pomegranitini and she ordered the honeydew melon martini...To accompany our dinner staples (the martinis, of course), she ordered shrimp kisra, and I, the lamb kisra. Not knowing what a "kisra" was, our waitress explained that it was a flatbread with all these toppings on it...simple enough.The kisras came and they were basically pimped-out pizzas with more greenery than guys would like. My lamb was good...impressive, but not one of those: "Holy molasses, maw, this here flattened bread with them fixin's on it really hits me right on the spot..oooo-eee!" No, not one of those, but it was good enough for me to consider coming back and giving the other items in the menu a try. My friend quite enjoyed her shrimp kisra, and thought it was "darn good for a Mediterranean-American fusion kind of grub." No complaints. But by golly, we wanted more of whatever we were drinking! So we ordered another round.Just as we were about to take a sip of our second round of drinks, guess who walks in?!!! Gov. Janet Napolitano. I quickly informed my friend that the Governor is dining here this evening, and she, at that point a bit inebriated, was just flat-out impressed with my choice of restaurant...brownie points for the Phoenician! Of course, the rest of the evening I spent glancing over at the Governor's table trying to see if  she was taking advantage of the $5 SKYY martini special as well. I would've highly recommended the pomegranitini to her and her aide, and maybe the SKYY High (with dry vermouth) for her Secret Service-looking posse!After the third round of -tinis, my friend and I both agreed that FEZ is worth visiting again...especially for the drinks. It's not the kind of restaurant hard-core foodies would be impressed with, but definitely the kind of place where a group of friends can just hang out and relax after a hard day's work...or a place where one can give the Governor a piece of his/her mind over tart apple martinis. I think she'd like that...
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2007,9/20/2007,47,130,1,5,3>I have not had any other gelato before so I don't have anything to compare this to, but it is DELICIOUS.  I read about this place in the New Times and decided to give it a try and I am glad I made the trip.  I definitely will be going back to try all 18 flavors.They do let you sample two flavors for free which is nice and they cheerfully decode the Italian names so you know what you are ordering.    As it is attached to La Grande Orange parking can be a pain if you go during peak hours, but it is so worth it.  They do ask that you spend $10 if you want to use your debit/credit card so be prepared with cash if you are going solo and only plan on getting a couple of scoops.  Or consider it a challenge to eat $10 worth and still be able to walk to your car.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2007,9/19/2007,143,222,,4,3>One day, I was craving something light and healthy, and this place seemed just the ticket. Trying to avoid the Camelback construction, I wended my way through a residential area, and lucked out on a sweet parking spot.I didn't really have the time or desire to eat there, so I grabbed a menu and placed an order to go -- the seared tuna, and some soba noodles. And I waited. And waited. For the record, there is no waiting area, per se. I just stood around by the door, kind of looming over some poor guy's table. I explained to at least 4 different groups, that I was not waiting for a table, and they could go ahead of me. When my food was finally ready, I quickly paid and bolted out the door.In the comfort of my cube, I unwrapped the goods. The tuna looked lovely, a good shade of red, nicely seasoned crust, presented on a bed of greens, with a soy-based sauce on the side. It tasted fantastic as well. The noodles were rather plain, the broth unremarkable, but not bad.I would definitely go back, but would phone in my order first, or dine there.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2007,9/18/2007,402,464,1,6,7>Chicken salad sandwich with provolone on a toasted french bun, mmmm!!!!!!  This is one of those typical downtown lunch time sandwich places, where you order and seat yourself or get take away.  Quality sandwiches that you really can't go wrong with, not much to rate on service since they don't serve you.  I will mention that they are quick on the sandwich side and create your own salad.  Next time I'll have to try their homemade banana walnut bread.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,9/17/2007,393,766,,7,6>If you love non-cookie cutter jewelery, this is the place for you.  This is German jewelery at its finest.  We bought our wedding bands from a German jeweler, but we happened to choose one of the boutiques from California.  Unfortunately, since the European/American sizing isn't an exact science, my ring came back too small and it was only a few weeks before the wedding.  California claimed that they would have to send the ring back to Germany and have them take care of it, which would've taken too long.  We happened to find Duo listed as one of the stores to carry this brand (Niessing).  They took care of it immediately.  Hell, they didn't even charge us up front (we didn't end up paying for it until about 7 months later!).  We finally got to visit them in person over the holiday break last year.  Phenomenal service.  The owners were there and were so incredibly helpful.  They let us try on every single ring to our heart's content and we ended up getting a one of a kind ring specially made for my husband in Germany.  I got another fun ring called the Abacus (won the Minimalist Design award at the World's Fair!).  I cannot stop gushing about them months later.  For Valentine's Day, my husband got me a necklace from Duo and I always get compliments.  Their stuff is not froo-froo, so if you're looking for a lot of engraving, this is not the place.  If you want something that'll stop people in their tracks, go visit them.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2007,11/3/2008,20,9,8,12,10>Jacquee's Espresso is a delightful little deli hidden in the Two Renaissance Square Tower. Had it not been for a co-worker taking me on my first day of work, I doubt I'd have ever wandered in there on my own, but that's beside the point....The point is that Jacquee's rocks! Whatever you do, don't hate on Jacquee's. If you do and I'm around, I might just bust a ninja kick in your face. (But probably not...I rarely reveal my ninja skills outside my apartment.) I have been to Jacquee's at least once or twice a week for the last six months and I have zero complaints. They have scrumptious sandwiches, salads, soups, wraps, and cookies to die for, all big and soft like. I am a big fan of the sandwiches. Jacquee's makes the kind of sandwiches I would make for myself at home if I wasn't so lazy. Boar's head meats, hearty breads, and vegetables so fresh they make me wonder why I ever slum it at Subway/Blimpies/Quizno's.So basically, in essence, on the whole, the point I am trying to make, to get across, to fundamentally express is that if you work downtown and have not been to Jacquee's for lunch yet, you are going tomorrow (or today if you are reading this in the a.m.). I feel I have done my civic duty by writing this review! Then again, maybe I should have kept Jacquee's a secret so the lines aren't so long....
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2008,11/2/2008,30,210,13,13,14>I can't help but laugh at reviewers who spent 5 days in Italy and think this qualifies them to know more about gelato than someone who spent most of his life there(Arlechhino's owner). And additionally spent over a year learning from a (Italian) master gelato maker (in Italy) for no pay.Really, ignore those fools. Arlecchino still makes the best effing gelato I've ever had. Anywhere.And anyone who tells you it tastes just like any other gelato has a broken brain.  Or tongue. Or both. Or is possibly high on crack. Or maybe employed by Gelato Spot. Take your pick.P.S.  the owners and staff are awesome.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,11/1/2008,156,35,12,9,10>GELATO UPDATE!  (Read in Captain Kirk voice please)Captain's Log Stardate 92308I had just finished another grueling away mission on Planet Therapee 08.  The only life form encountered was a woman named Councellar, who asks a lot of questions and seems to be adept at circular logic. She was not blue, so I did not make out with her and besides, that would violate the prime directive. Spock acted illogical even though he can't.  Bones said that he wasn't something and I made Scotty do a complex engineering job in less time then he said he needed.During the Shuttle ride home, I  veered from my plotted course and visited the pleasure planet Angel Sweet in the Gelato Nebula.  A fine distraction after such a mind numbing session...errr, I mean mission. Why all the questions? Why the poor artwork?  Why is there a dead tree in her office?   Hmm...Upon docking at Planet Angel Sweet, the away team (me) was greeted by one of the inhabitants. A ditsy young thing that clearly has no clue about anything other than Hannah Montana, a local preslut from a nearby Planet Horseshit.  I believe The Universal Translator was on the fritz, because I could have swore she said "I would rather shave than wash" and "What!? We have a website? I did not know that."  Clearly  a linguist will need to be sent to this planet.The Angel Sweet planet offers up many distracting delectable treats to take  the weary space traveler's mind off of his mind.  What to choose, which flavors should I mix?  Should I mix Cream and fruit or chocolate and peanut butter?  Where is Zulu when I need to plot a course? Only one thing to do. Taste all of them and then make a hasty choice.  Just say the first thing that spills out of your mouth. (Keep reading in the Kirk Voice!)  "I'll.......have.........The Panna Cotta.......and Buttter......Finger.A wise choice.   The Carmel in the Panna Cotta mixed well with the Terran delicacy of fingers dipped in butter.  I was even rewarded with another stamp on my  official Angel Sweet card. 4 more visits and I will receive a free kids cone. Take that Kahn!  This place is so good, it should be as illegal as Romulan Ale.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,10/31/2008,835,246,6,13,19>For a short period of time I was making a lot of money and I thought it would continue that way.I came into the gallery and Loved Loved one of the paintings. I brought my girlfriend in to show her and she loved it too.We decided it was the best ainting we had ever seen.The guy there, Im not sure if he is the owner, he told us he had seen us come in a lot and look at the painting.He told us we could put it on lay away and make payments.He said it was soo important to get pieces you love and it made him happy to see a couple buy there first painting together.Well he let us only put a 100 down on this 2k painting.Times got rough immedietly after, we had to move from our home, downgrade everything. He let us pay him 50 here and 25 there. and I went a few months with out paying at all.We were supposed to pay it off in 3 months. Its been over a year and Im finally almost paid off.He is truely the most giving person ever. Since we first started paying the painting has tripled in value. But he didnt get greedy eyed, he let us keep paying what we could.I owe him something Im thinking Ill get him a fat gift card for dinner somewhere nice.Now that things are picking up. He truley desirves it.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2008,10/30/2008,123,110,5,10,9>Melrose Pharmacy is a throwback to a time that probably never existed. The place is charming. Teresa (Theresa?) the pharmacist / owner rocks the pharmacy world, and MP is a true neighborhood business.Pros: -Friendly, amusing, thorough, efficient, caring service-Nice selection of incense, candles, and other soothing goodies to sniff while-u-wait-Cool / retro bottled sodas and candy-It's in that nifty Wagon Wheel building-Next door to Hollywood Regency-Accepts most insurance-Calming as hell after you've just been on the phone for an hour with Aetna's perma-baffled customer service teamCons:-None
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,10/28/2008,1313,191,19,10,14>Nice.    I was thinking about writing a big long rant about how trendy/yuppy everyone at this place seemed to be but I thought "hey wait a second, I'm here too".Great food, great drinks, maybe just a bit pricey.  For a Wednesday night this place was packed.  Wonderful outdoor patio.Good thing you can park across the street so that way they can't see that you don't drive a Beemer and spit in your food.  There must be some sort of shuttle bus from North Scottsdale to this place every hour or something, or how else could you explain where all these beautiful people came from.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2008,10/27/2008,7,6,7,11,10>After reading about Wicked Bakery in the Arizona Republic this past week I decided to go check this place out today.I walked in and was immediately greeted by the people working behind the counter even though the place was a mad house. There were about 10 people standing in line in the little store asking about the cupcake flavors. I thought this was just too funny. The people stood and listed very intently about the flavors and what was new. Actually, when I think about it, it was pretty funny. People seemed to be hanging on to every word. There were a few Oh's and Oh Lords even. . It was like they were preaching the Gospel or something.I have to tell you, this place is truly wicked. They did have about a dozen different flavors of cupcakes, a pastry display full of cakes, cinnamon rolls, muffins, croissants, and candy. Slade said they are working on a new line of confections called Wicked Little Chocolates (he's a real hoot). They also had something Slade called his Elite line of cupcakes.Slade went into the explanation of how he's creating two different flavors each week (even though they had three this morning (something about people wanted one of the flavors from last weekend, this weekend).These things are massive and the flavors were a little strange. Today they had Lemon Basil, Mint Lavender, and Summer Geranium. I was like are they kidding? But it did get my interest and I ended up getting one of each along with a hunk of Slade's Chocolate Dipped Toffee with Pecans (the toffee was to die for).The experience in his store was really a welcomed sight. You could tell everyone was very passionate about the products and the customers waiting in line really liked the individual attention received.Well I got home, grabbed the girlfriend and we sat down in the living room and spread out the cupcakes to see what they were all about and I have to tell you, I was really shocked at the flavors and quality.I would have never thought to make a basil cake. The flavors of all three cupcakes were just amazing and really different. Slade and his staff really know what they are doing and the customer service was amazing.I'll definitely be back next weekend to find out what new flavors they are going to have.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2008,10/26/2008,296,138,20,16,15>Cheeburger, Cheeburger!It's a restaurant called Cheeburger, Cheeburger!!The little kid in me squealed with delight. Like pasghetti and sammiches, cheeburgers are one of those willfully mispronounced foodstuffs that bring back a little nostalgia. They remind me of those rare days when we'd all pile in my chain smoking babysitter's Caddy and cruise to McD's for cheeburgers, cheapo happy meal toys, and a romp in the pee covered ball pin. Urine, second hand smoke, and cheeburgers. I couldn't fathom a better combination at that age.Then again we didn't have Cheeburger, Cheeburgers when I was a kid. If we did I'd be eating my kid's meal out of a super sweet pink hot rod that looks almost identical to the Barbie mobile, sippin' my hand shaken soda and munchin' on a cheeburger, American, ketchup. I'm in my twenties but I still wanted one of those little card stock car boxes, even if my taste in toppings has become a bit more adventurous.Just because my tastebuds have matured doesn't make me any more decisive now than I was then. Not a good thing with a place that boasts 50 or so toppings for you burger (or chicken sandwich, or salad-- they're all based on the same "every order is a special order" model). I didn't even attempt to figure out what kind of fancy pants shake or soda flavor I wanted (100 flavors, people! 100!!) and just kept it simple with a glass of water in a mason jar. The fries vs. onion rings debate was also too heated, but a basket of crisp and delicious frings came to the rescue. The onion rings were thin and lightly battered, definitely the better of the two options, and the fries were fresh cut and uber greasy, just how I like 'em, even if they were under-salted.In the end I went with a Classic green chile cheddar burger with the traditional fixins (lettuce, tomato, onion, mayo, mustard, ketchup). It was cooked to a perfect medium and the price was right, ringing in at about 5 bucks. I agree that the top bun was way too big in comparison to the bottom, but I solved that by shaving half of it off so I could wrap my mouth around that thick slab of meat, because let's face it people, the bun is just filler. It's all about the meat. It was messy and juices were dripping all over my face, and I must have gone through at least four paper towels, but hot diggity damn, it was a great burger.The smallest burger possible (the Classic) is about five ounces or so and they increase incrementally until you reach the big mamba jamba 20 ounce 'nother nail in the coffin coronary on a bun. I can't even guess how many pieces of cheese it takes to cover that beast. I did however witness two people finish this outrageous burger while I was enjoying my dainty (by comparison) fare. Both gastric champions had their pictures taken with a gigando stuffed cheeburger (I would have worn it as a hat), and then had their image pasted on the wall of shame...err...fame.My inner child's parting words are: "Cheeburger! Cheeburger! Go eat cheeeeeburgerrrrrs!"My more mature counterpart: "Ahem, a myriad of combinations are possible between burgers, shakes and sides, variety enough to satisfy even the most discerning of palates and leave everyone...CHEEBURGER!!!"P.S. Fuck Red Robin in its bony little chicken wing. This place is miles ahead of that bland dump.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,10/25/2008,280,572,7,12,9>What the hell happened to beer and wine and free appetizers at Adults' Night Out?!!  Although I didn't always partake, it was nice to know it was there if I needed it.  Adults' Night Out is offered the first Friday night of each month after closing.  It's free to visit the exhibits and attend a lecture.  There's also an IMAX showing or Planetarium presentation that you pay extra for.  And the best part-it's child free!!!!!This last week was the first time my husband and visited the new Dorrance Planetarium.  It's state-of-the-art and a great show.  Neal was our presenter, and I have to say, he is absolutely hilarious.  Although we did watch a recorded film on black holes, part of the presentation was history and stories related to various constellations.  Neal catered the lecture somewhat to the fact it was Adults' Night, and there was some more adult material.  I felt like I was at a comedy show with special effects.  Now, if only they can do something about the beverage situation.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2008,10/24/2008,367,544,15,17,18>"Where should we go now?""I think Drift is nearby...have you guys ever been there?""No...where is it?"Let me look it up on my phone....it says its less than a mile away..."***5 minutes later...***"Um, where are we?  This looks pretty residential....are you sure this place exists?""The GPS says to make a left, let's just keep walking...""Are those....are those Tiki Torches?""They are!  Thank you technology!" If you didn't know where it was, there is no way you would know it existed.  I stopped in with Bonnie G, Erica O., and the Poop Guy after SMoCA and I really enjoyed myself.  We had a great little booth in the corner, ordered some very strong and interesting drinks that came in fun glasses, ate some yummy vegetable spring rolls, watched a drunk douchebag hit on the hostess (she's the hostess, she can't get away!), and talked about our television habits when we were 11.  The makings of a good night indeed.The kitsch factor is high, which is good because I love me some kitsch.  Dare I say, its also surprisingly almost authentic touristy Hawaiian.   Our waitress was friendly and checked on us often and the food came out super quick.  I didn't think that the DJ was that intrusive.  It was good people watching (not as good as other places in Scottsdale) yet surprisingly laid back.  I will say that they really should add Don Q to their "Exotic Rums" list.  That would have garnered them a 5 star review from me for sure.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,8/15/2008,296,138,21,20,15>When I hit a quarter of a century in years, I decided to go the uncharacteristically classy route and celebrate with something chi chi and razzdango. Exchange the morning after whiskey dents and zombie flavored scratch 'n sniff composure for a posh dinner out on the town.Now I'm gonna share a secret with y'all. I'm no gourmand. I like a fancy pants meal as much as the next, but I'm in the cheap mo fo demographic, so I don't know dick about fine dining in the Phoenix area. I rely on you Yelpers to guide me down the path of good taste when it comes to nice shit and stuff.Cha, cha, cha.MEDIZONA.It even sounds fancy, and I'm convinced it should be said with jazz fingers and maybe some light orchestral flare.An upscale, Mediterranean-Southwestern fusion restaurant?Intriguing.Rabbit and fig baklava atop a pomegranate balsamic reduction, topped with a quail egg and surrounded by crispity parsnip curls?Wicked fricken good.It puts fig newtons everywhere to shame. Layers of airy, buttery phyllo filled with tender shredded fig and rabbit would have been much too sweet solo, but the addition of a tart reduction grabbed that figgy sweetness and tangoed round my palate! Although I'm convinced that the quail egg was just intended to be a cute little hat for the baklava. Whatevs. At least now I can claim that psh, yeah I've had quail egg before, no biggie.Wild caught halibut with chorizo potato cake, haricot verts and carrots with orange caper cream sauce?Melt in my mouth delicious.Try to sneak a nibble of chorizo potato cake from my plate and I will fork you. Hard. You might pull back something a little stumpy. That was the most delectable little nibblet on the plate. The fish was super flaky and buttery, although the sauce was forgettable. And I think it's pretentious and hoity toity to call green beans "haricot verts." Merde!Roast loin of lamb, moussaka tart, mashed taters, celery root, mint oil, and roasted red pepper sauce?Eh. The lamb was ordered medium rare and prepared to perfection. Mint oil should be mandatory garnish for all baby lambs. Make em prance around the field wearing mint garlands until they're led to slaughter, where said garland will be compressed into the requisite drizzle of mint oil. Or something like that. Everything else on the plate was served cold though. Blech.The service was impeccable, the patrons gripe worthy. Our waiter was well informed and personable, although he disappeared half way through the meal, was replaced and we never saw him again, which was kinda weird. The customers he was serving were pretty inconsiderate. There was a huge party of people with kids rip roaring around the restaurant off in the side room. The waiter apologized on their behalf, stating that it was an abnormal night and that kids didn't normally frequent the place, and at least they left soon after that. I don't go out to listen to the rip roar of impatient ankle biters. Instant plus two for the atmosphere as soon as they left.But then a large group of older patrons came in and bitched about how they couldn't read the menus because it was too dark, so they turned up the lights, bent the atmosphere over the side of a chair and fucked it hard.So I think I'm going to be a downer on the super streak Medizona's having and only give it a four. It's good but I don't think I'd ever go back. Too many other fancy schmancy restaurants waiting in the wings for an opportunity to knock my socks off. No need to return.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2008,8/14/2008,30,66,4,11,8>I stopped by Wicked on a Saturday afternoon to pick up an assortment of goodies for a brunch get-together.  Slade, the owner, immediately greeted me at the door and started taking me through my options.  (helpful tip from Slade, the options get more and more limited during the day, so if you want the most variety, stop by early)I was hesitant about Slade's pecan bread pudding recommendation, so he promptly heated up a slice for me--the first bite convinced me on the spot, and it was a HUGE hit at my brunch!  I am going to make that bread pudding my signature hostess gift!  The cupcakes, scones and turnovers that I brought were all really big hits with my brunch crowd.   I spent at least 20 minutes in the bakery and could have stayed longer just talking with Slade about his passion for baking and watching him and his team interact with their customers.Wicked is another one of those stripmall gems and a secret that I am happy to say that I'm in on.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2008,8/13/2008,8,25,10,7,8>None better.  I've probably eaten here 10 or more times with various groups of people, and each time everyone involved was thrilled.  Here are some rules of thumb for a happy experience...1. Small crowded dining room with tile floor = lots of noise, so don't come here expecting explain the last ten years of your life to your half-deaf grandfather.  2.  Expect to wait...in the meantime, have a delicious margarita or three.  3.  Get the guacamole...worth every penny, especially when pomegranates are in season.  4.  Skip the bread...it's a Mexican restaurant after all.  5.  Pork tacos or enchilada suiza are the best things on the menu.  6.  Check out the restroom...be inspired.   7.  If you don't like this place, stop coming back so my wait will be shorter!
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2008,8/12/2008,24,3,8,8,9>I. love. Copper. Star! Why?Cool location (converted filling station with working drive thru...how cool is that?)Unpretentious (cute!) staff Cool owners (they so "get it")Fab coffee (never bitter, extra foamy when I ask!)Yummy cupcakes (never dry and lots o' yummy frosting!)Groovy musicGreat customersJust wish I lived closer....I'd be here all the time :).I dare say this is my favorite coffee place...in Phx...ever :)
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,8/11/2008,5,93,3,6,4>This place is BOMB!  I am not giving it that 5th star though because I  do think it's a little over-hyped..... I mean, it was fantastically delicious pizza in one of the cutest little restaurants I've ever seen, but I don't think I would wait 4 hours to get a table (I was lucky; we had a party of 8 and a friend who had the foresight to make us a reservation 3 weeks in advance so we didn't have to wait even 1 minute!)... so it was awesome....  we ordered 1 of every pizza, which was a great way to sample their menu!  My favorites were the margarita and the biancoverde - the arugula on that one is so YUMMY.  The one thing I thought was kinda weird was the waitress had to check with the chef before accepting our request to add another 2 pizzas to our order (after we were halfway thru our first round of pizza - what can I say? we are pigs).  I guess I can understand since so many people are waiting, but it's like, WTF??  You really wanna turn away our business?  Hmmm.... All in all a great spot though.  I am in Phoenix for business for 6 weeks and have been pleasantly surprised with the restaurant choices...
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2008,8/9/2008,420,461,5,8,5>This is where you go when you want to feel New York Posh.....full-on dark mahogany fancy decor inside. You won't feel like you're in Phoenix. It's reputation as one of the country's best steak houses is well deserved with outstanding cuts of beef and succulent seafood. The prime rib sandwiches during happy hour are a plus as is the complimentary valey parking. But be sure to dress appropriately and bring as much pretense and Biltmore snobbery as you can. After all, you have to play the part....so enjoy it!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2008,8/8/2008,74,106,4,9,6>I enjoyed a wonderful pizza here last night.  My toppings included black olives, mushrooms and artichokes.  My boyfriend enjoyed the baked ziti. We have been driving past this place forever and always want to stop in. Last night when we were decided what to do for dinner I said, let's have pizza and let's look on Yelp for a recommendation.  We decided that Slice of Sicily would be our choice based on closeness to our apartment and the good reviews it received.    We drive up and get a spot right in front!  Hooray for good luck!  There were only two people eating inside so we picked out a table and took a seat.  The tables were all red and white checkered and the walls full of Italian maps and posters.  The west wall was an interesting mural of an Italian landscape with bare trees and sunflowers.  The decor reminded me of how much I missed Italy. We took a look at the menu, ordered and looked on the huge map of Italy next to us.  I asked Gary if he knew where I was born... he knew it was up north.  So I showed him, I also showed him the placed I lived in Italy and the place we are going to retire too.  He always laughs when I say that.  He doesn't know how serious I am!Our waitress was nice and between her and the owner we got everything we needed.  The owner's family is from Sicily, but her mother was born in the states.  Our food was fantastic.  I no longer need to drive all the way to NYPD for New York Style Pizza, I can drive up the street to Slice of Sicily.There was a nice steady stream of people in and out of the restaurant.  They do many to go orders.  They had many regulars.  We will definitely be regulars. I would have given this place 5 stars but when we ordered two canolli's they went back to grab them and came out empty  handed.  They unfortunately were out of canolli batter.  We were a little disappointed but said we'd be back for more pizza and canolli another time.I definitely recommend this restaurant if you like family owned pizza places and great New York style pizza. I hope this review is beyond satisfactory to those who take this site way way way too seriously.  I tried to write a few more paragraphs, but there wasn't anything left for me to cover.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2008,8/7/2008,9,12,4,4,6>If I didn't have to bring my "gat" to dinner I would have given it 5 stars....Food - Had a pizza and the gnocchi. Both were very good. One of the better pizza's I have had in phoenix. Definitely fresh, loved the tomato sauce. Nice crust. Not to thin, not too thick. The gnocchi in vodka red sauce was also really good. They serve this great flat bread....it is awesome. Almost worth going just for the bread.The Ambience - The place is small. Not like in the "cute, warm and cozy small" way. It is f*ing small. Sort of hot and stuffy the night we went. Besides the few tables (literally like 5 in the whole place) he has done a good job with the inside, especially in the seedy location.The location - In a ghetto strip mall. We had to wait for a table (in my car) and there were some pretty interesting characters. Where else can you see a dude in a wife beater eating his dinner out of a country crock container while on the move to his next score.The service - Good. But the owner (who is really nice and seems to actually be Italian, or at least watched a lot of Italian movies to get the accent down) is the ONLY server. So it is a bit chaotic. He needs some help. But he does a great job.Wine - You wouldn't know they had wine because there isn't a hint of it on any menu. Maybe they are on the "DL" (down low for those less gansta than myself)....anyway, we asked and got a nice large glass of Chianti. Very good actually. Just put that shit on the menu.  Seriously, I love my drinky drink.Overall, i will go back!  Check it out. Good stuff.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2008,8/5/2008,228,191,10,16,12>WOW!!! I was totally shocked on how good everything was here, from beginning to end. I accidentally missed the street I was supposed to turn on and ended up driving by here the other morning taking my sister to work. I saw it and told her I have been wanting to try it thanks to Jason C. This place was amazingly empty there was 2 other men in here just finishing their meal. The awesome waitress was polite as could be, no fake Hi! How are you BS here. She brought us our menu's told us the specials and put napkins in our laps for us. We had some agua I have not had cantelope fresca since I was a little girl. It was even better when I got to taste it like a bit of heaven in my mouth. I seriously love that shit! Do you remember the food critic on Ratatouille when he takes a bite of the stuff and is off remembering his mother, that is exactly how I felt. It was that fucking good and the goodness did not stop here my friends.We had the guaca-liscous dip, it was frign good with the sea salt and the 3 salsa's were so refreshingly spicy. We were getting full just from the chips but couldnt stop eating  the stuff, it was too good. Next came the tortilla soup it was very good the chips were crunchy they were real chips not something from a bag. The cheese was tasty it could have used some spice and maybe some lime and crema, but I did not care one bit it was still very good just like that I ate it all. The food came out shortly, we did not have any waiting time that we had noticed while being serenaded by the senor playing the guitar in the corner the whole time. The main dishes were way good as well. Beware the green enchiladas they are def not for sissy's. Bite after bite our palates were overly pleased. Can you say YUM-GASM?!?! I can, too bad all good things must come to an end and we could not stay here forever. Porque Asi Es La Vida!!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,8/3/2008,239,156,9,9,10>Review #50 of a place befitting such a milestone!My friend and I headed over here last weekend and as I was sure this place had to be more hype than substance, I was a little trepidatous about the visit. Seriously I couldn't have been more wrong!!! So much so, that since we were there on a Sunday, or visit extended from the Brunch specials, right through to the beginning of FEZ Foodies (in other words I had to leave a HUMONGO tip because we took up real-estate for so long!).As there have been a bazillion reviews already, let me just say a few things:1)   Fabulous service2)   One of the best burgers I've ever eaten3)   Hot Brownie topped with the perfect Vanilla scoop - served so hot and steamy that if I weren't afraid of burning my skin, I would have covered my body with the stuff just to be closer to its goodness!Can't wait to check out their nightly drink specials (I'm already anticipating having to introduce myself as... "hi my name is Julie and I'm a half price margarita addict").
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,2/29/2008,848,353,3,4,4>I was just here a few weeks ago.  The place is decorated very urban/retro.  I love the car doors lining the south wall!  Service was super-friendly.  I would have given 5 stars except for one thing: THEY HAD NO VEGGIES THE DAY I WAS THERE!.  That's right!  I even said to our waitperson :How can a vegan restaurant have no vegetables??????   I got peanut noodles and it was still ver good, despite the lack of veggies.I will go back, though, fo sho'!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,2/28/2008,3,4,1,8,5>I am partial to indepedent, non-chain restaurants and especially ones with a casual feel and no attitude.  And ones with great food.I've eaten at C4 four times now with its newly revised menu and have not been disappointed.  The atmosphere is cool and understately hip.  The food is terrific and reasonably priced.The food:I am addicted to the super-delicious corn & poblano chili chowder soup.  Absolute perfection.  I order it every time.Other recommended dishes:Appetizers:  tres queso quesadillo, crab cakesSoups:  the chili stewEntrees:  the tilapia dish, the pork chop dish, the chorizo mac & cheese, the burgersDesserts:  lime tart (tastes like lemon drop candy), bread pudding, apple cobblerAll of the food is prepared fresh, including the desserts.  I've had the pleasure of touring the kitchen and meeting the cook staff.  You can see the pride in their faces as they prepare and talk about the food.A great restaurant for one, for two, for four, for six, or more persons.  Be sure to check out the rest of the hotel while you're there:  the rooftop with its incredible sunset and downtown views and the jawdropping pool area.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,2/27/2008,0,2,6,6,4>I heart this place so much, I want to take it behind the middle school and get it pregnant.  I would give it five stars, but I'm saving a five star rating for a restaurant that lifts me off my feet.  Call me a prude.  Call me a romantic.  I don't care.Let's start, and almost finish, with the food--it's terrific.  I've never had a bad, or mediocre, meal at this place.  I especially enjoy the gnocchi.  Sure, part of the reason I like the gnocchi is because I enjoy saying, "gnocchi."  It's just fun to say.  It's good, clean fun for the whole family.  But, aside from the tantalizing vocalization of the dish, it's really tasty.  The other dishes are great as well, but I won't bore you with a detailed description of each item.  I'm verbose, but not selfish.  Well...maybe 'not selfish' should be replaced with 'lazy' but I think you understand.The ambiance is decent even though it's in a strip mall.  However, we live in Phoenix, so you can't really knock a place for that.  They do have some nice outdoor seating.The owner and staff are really friendly and will talk your ear off about Italy winning the world cup--even though it happened a year and a half ago.In summation, this place is aces...but don't tell anyone, because, as other people have written, this is a hidden gem.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,2/25/2008,275,351,16,5,10>So, I decided I am a poly-amorist. When it comes to Grocery Stores, that is. Trader Joe's will always be my true love...it is just, well, things have been getting kind of stale since we have been together for almost ten years now. I go in, grab what I love, maybe tweak a nipple by trying a seasonal product, otherwise its couple food sex then bed. Whole Foods is that uppity bitch who I hate having to let in my life, but her produce is so sumptious, her samples so tasty, and she lets me eat whatever I want...at a high cost. Bitch. Sunflower markets knows I love his fresh produce and double sale Wednesday and delish beer...but sometimes I just can't spend time with Sunflower. But they all don't know I am cheating on them. With Fresh & Easy. You see, Fresh & Easy is the ultimate new Booty Call. Cheap, tasty, and a couple minutes from my house. She is so sparkly and clean and new, and on the complete down low.Check it, while I break it down: two whole new rows of fake meat to try, killer fresh produce, sushi to go that is actually tasty, cheap juices to try, mocha chocolate sandwiches, cat food, good red wine, delish cheap soy yogurt with real fruit, vegan granola, my favourite shampoo and conditioner, pineapple empanadas, cheap soy milk, feminine products, 55 cents dark chocolate, no preservatives or additives and frozen raspberries and Spanish quick race that kicked TJs ass.I forgot to mention how clean and fresh everything is, the bottle, can and plastic bag recycling center and how all the hot young dudes working there kept asking this cougar in training if I needed anything. Fresh & Easy, let us keep it R. Kelly style gurl. Anyways-you gots my number. Text me sometime.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2007,2/24/2008,30,54,11,4,7>I was so excited to finally try the place I ended up being early.  We paid our admission to the food funhouse that is YC's and then got down to business.  Armed with bowls the size of our heads, we stepped to the buffet and I got my first look at what I was up against.  The first third of the buffet is filled with shaved curls of frozen meat in various varieties.  Beef, Chicken, Pork, Alligator and Yak.  Frozen curls of Yak!  Okay so I lied about the Yak and the Alligator.  But you never know.  They SAID it was beef and chicken, but seriously, it could have been Yak!I grabbed the tongs and threw a pile of meat in the bottom of my bowl.  I smiled at my accomplishment but she just looked over slightly concerned and then handed me a sheet of wax paper.  "You need to smash it down." she said.  "What?" I replied? "The meat," she explaind patiently.  "You need to smash it into the bottom of your bowl."  "But I'm not that hungry!" I protested.  "You will be and this is gonna last you for days.  See that guy on the end? Your bowl is supposed to look like that." She pointed towards the end of the buffet where I saw a towering mass of vegetables rising out of an already unfathomably large bowl.  It would easily feed a family of four.  His YC fu was impressive, but I was sure I could top that.  "Get Smushing," she said as I refocused on the task at hand.After I had pressed all the pretty curls of meat into a flat unrecognizable blob that filled the bottom half of my bowl, we moved onto the vegetables.  If you've had it in "Chinese" food, it was there.  I zeroed in on some celery, cabbage, bean sprouts, carrots, scallions and baby corn.  I piled it on with gluttonous abandon, gleefully shaping my mountain of food to resemble the peak from Close Encounters of the Third Kind.The last third of the buffet contains sauces.  Many many many sauces.  Get them, they are good.  They have recipes but seriously, who wants to read directions?  I needed more sauce than I took and I thought I took a lot.  It would have helped to know they were going to slap it on a grill and immediately start diluting it with water.  Seriously, I put like five or six scoops of various stuff in and it was still just barely sauced enough.  I supplemented with some spicy mustard.So um.. then they cooked it, and we ate it.  Sure it was good.  Yes I still have leftovers.  No you can't have them.  Is the food here the best I've ever had? Hell no.  But it's pretty good for fast/cheap/healthy-ish stuff and seriously who cares? They let you play with it for like half an hour before you even sit down.  Score!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2007,2/23/2008,28,17,3,4,9>If I had a basement, I'd want it to look EXACTLY like Shady's - from the black vinyl booths and wrap-around bar to the pool table and oh-so-nice Tim Biskup painting. One of the coolest bars in town. And usually a pretty diverse crowd, which can be somewhat of a rarity in this town unfortunately. The jukebox rocks, the bartenders are friendly and the drinks are decent enough, though I'm not a big fan of mixed drinks in pint glasses...
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2008,2/22/2008,119,163,4,10,9>The Arizona Humane Society's Campus for Compassion is a fantastic animal shelter. It is clean and well-kept and the dog's are kept in the most comfortable of conditions.  They have skylights, heating and air conditioning (when needed) and calming classical music pouring through the sound system. They even announce over the intercom when a dog has been adopted, asking everyone to put their "paws" together to congratulate "Buster," "Cuddles" or "Sparky" for getting adopted.  The staff is friendly and kind-hearted, and there are plenty of them around to answer any questions you may have.The only thing I find frustrating with the Humane Society is that typically all of the cute, tiny dogs are the first to go.  They also are the ones that usually go up for adoption at special times, which usually means a lot of people are interested and must put their names in for a drawing. Of course this only fair, but if you get there first, you should have first dibs on getting the dog you want instead of having to wait for a drawing.If your looking for a dog or cat, I highly recommend visiting the Humane Society's Campus for Compassion and their other adoption center at 13th Ave. & Hatcher.  I still haven't found my special doggy, but I'll keep looking and hopefully will find one at the Humane Society.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2008,2/21/2008,9,12,6,7,6>Ok. so on the west side, people wait for hours (every night of the week) for f*ing olive garden. Are you kidding me? Come on people, if you want crappy Italian food check out the freezer section at Fry's. No waiting! So in that context, Babbo is really good. Cute little place in a strip wall (this is the west side after all). The food is comfort food. Nothing creative or fancy, just big portions and tasty food. We had the salad, pesto bruschetta, pizza and the tiramisu. Everything was pretty good (not if you are on a diet...or a pseduo diet like I am). Great service. Our waitress rocked. And she offered tasting of several wines so we could make our choice. Nice touch. It is amazing how good service can make a place shine. Anyway, I will go back.  Nice to see a good place in the 623.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,2/20/2008,171,163,1,11,18>The best way I can describe the Steele Indian School Park is:"This land once was used as a place where Native Culture came to die and is now being used as a place where Native Culture comes to be revived"I have been to sooo many events at this park. The Native American Recognition Day Parade ends here and you can usually see members of different dance groups still dressed in traditional attire laughing and dancing or just catching up. With a powwow to follow. There are several gourd dances held there. Gourd dancing is a very important ceremony where veterans of the military are recognized and thanked for their contribution by their people and are honored justly. It's an amazing experience to go. Recently, the Arizona Indian Festival was held at the park. There were traditional villages as well as various dance groups and arts and crafts vendors and of course... frybread! The festival was a way to take in the different cultures of the many 22 tribes in Arizona. On "normal" days, it's a nice place to just be. The land itself has been blessed MANY times and I remember once, a medicine man had asked the Creator to have the park serve the people and asked the the land be able to take anything He has in store for it. Several years later, the two helicopters crashed and landed about 5 yards from where that man once stood. Since, I know of many groups who came out to rebless the land and I, as a Native American, see it as the park doing just what was asked. It served the people. That accident could have taken more lives then the ones taken. But instead, it landed in the park and the land took it. And is even starting to heal. It served the people that day. As horrible a tragedy as it was, it could have been truely devistating. Nearly all Natives have a story of the old Indian School in their family. And it's actions have caused many reprocussions. some natives were taught to hate their culture and traditional languages. And to this day, refuse to share their knowledge with their families. Some, had good times and like to sit around and laugh about their experiences climbing the fence to go run around in Phoenix. (my auntie has SEVERAL of those stories!!) In the 1800's and early 1900's, it was a tragic place to exist. But like I said earlier, our culture didn't die. We still sing. We still dance. we still speak our languages. We still grow and learn and teach our young ones. We, as a people, still live on.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2008,2/19/2008,367,544,3,5,7>Javino's is delightfully North Scottsdale.  It oozes North Scottsdale.  And I love every second of it.Its modern and trendy on the inside.  The dining room is open air to the patio which is enclosed so you don't realize you're in a strip mall parking lot.  It has low lighting with hand blown glass sconces.  Live jazz.  Old men, cougars.  I could see most Yelpers hating it but I love it. I embrace it.  You go somewhere with the right company and it doesn't matter what is going on around you.I went for dinner and wine last night with Melissa H., Ashley A., and a few of our other friends.  (Who I am sure are reading this- Hi Ladies!)  The wine list is extensive and has a large price range for both wines by the glass and by the bottle.  The food comes in a few varieties, small plates, entrees, and pizzas.  I do think the prices that they charge for small plates is slightly outrageous and some of the entrees as well.  (I can't vouch for the serving size of the small plates , the price could be justified with a large serving.)  However, the $10 pizzas are fantastic.  I had the loaded veggie which was actually loaded with toppings well dispersed on my pizza, unlike the pizza at Cibo.  It was better in every aspect to be honest.  I did think that the hummus was a tad spicy but it was good nonetheless.  I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to spice. I'm taking off a star for the high price of the small plates and the incredibly loud live music.  It's a great place to go for a relaxing yet nice meal or to just have some wine at the bar.  We don't have many wine bars like that up here so I welcome it with open arms.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,3/18/2013,666,231,16,12,12>"I've been around this block twice now. Looking for something. A clue. I've been looking for clues and something led me back here. Yeah. So here I am. It could have been me, the one who was at Ringo's place when the shit went down. Hey. I know how it is. I've been there. We've all done bad things. We've all had those guilty feelings in our heart. I'm going to take your brain out of your head and wash it and scrub it and make it clean. I don't know. But I'm going to have to settle this. First we're going to check the grill and see what we can find. We're going to get nice and wet, and you're going to spread your buns. Oh, that's good. So you know me. You know my reputation. Thirteen inches of tough load, I don't treat you gently. That's right. I'm Brock Landers. So I'm going to be nice. So I'm going to be nice. So I'm going to be nice, I'm going to ask you one more time. Where the fuck is Ringo?" Dirk: stands up and looks directly at a massive delicious sonoran dog wrapped in bacon with tomatillo salsa, cotija cheese, creamy guacamole, pico, and mustard. You are a star. You are star, You are a star, You are a star. You are a big, bright, shining star. That's right. "
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/17/2013,848,353,8,15,14>Yeah, you read that right: 5 stars. Based on last night, it could not possibly have gone any better than it did.A friend of mine, Noelle, had her birthday dinner there last night. There were ten of us in the party. We ordered a few pizzas to share and some of us ordered appetizers as well. I almost gobbled up an entire pizza. I'm not kidding. Sweet baby jesus. The polenta side was nothing short of amazing. Sticks of polenta, deep-fried and then rolled in freshly grated parmesan. It was served with a side of some sort of crazy good sauce on the side. When the order arrived, everyone around me was eyeing my plate. I shared, of course, but not very willingly. I am drooling as I write this, by the way.One of the pizzas we ordered, the Manifesto, was really good. I had 3 pieces! We also ordered the Margherita, the 4-cheese, and one that was covered in fresh greens. I don't even care about the name of it, that's how good it was.One of the girls brought Noelle a gift basket of wines. During the dinner, the basket tipped and one of the wine bottles fell out and smashed on the floor. Noelle cries over spilled wine. Federal Pizza replaced the bottle! It wasn't even bought there! How cool is that?Service was impeccable. I'm a thirsty person. My drink never emptied enough for me to ask for a refill. We were there for 3 hours and the servers we had never forgot about us. Well, it's not like they could. We're an unforgettable crowd.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/16/2013,135,778,5,10,8>I came here with my two sisters a couple weeks ago and all three of us agreed it was one of the best experience dining experiences any of us had ever had. We had gotten a limousine so that we didn't need a DD but we were disappointed when the driver informed us he would have to drop us off at the resort so we could take a shuttle to the top (the road is too steep and narrow for a limo). The friendly shuttle driver told us that this is a common surprise to groups coming for special occasion parties like the prom. So, just something to be aware of. Once we got up to the top, it really did feel like the place was built right into the mountain top. You can see the exposed rock of the cliffside surrounding the entrance. It was very cool. We rode an elevator to the top floor and you could see why they wanted to be as high up as possible. The view was stunning. I am sure it would be gorgeous at sunset but this was around 8pm and I personally really enjoyed being able to see all the city lights shimmering below us. The design of the restaurant is upscale but understated; they keep everything neutral so that the large wall of floor to ceiling windows is the main focus.We decided to do the tasting menu and I am so glad we did. It was worth every penny ($80pp plus $40 for wine). The portions were a decent size and every one was delicious and unique. My sisters requested no shellfish or veal (and unfortunately I had to comply) so the chef substituted two of the dishes with something else. Our waiter was very diligent about making sure that we were all happy. We started with a piece of pork belly with wild mushrooms on a bed of bleu cheese polenta. This was a surprising first course (I think it was supposed to be shrimp) but I loved it! The pork melted in my mouth and I loved the tangy bleu cheese mixed with the creamy polenta. We had gotten the wine pairing as well so the sommelier made his appearance and explained that since we were changing up the dishes he was changing up the wines as well. He selected a very light red that had enough tannins to complement the pork and the cheese but was still light enough for a first course. This wine is not on their list but he had a couple bottles that he was trying out himself and he picked that one for us since he knew it would go with the dish that the chef had changed around for us. I couldn't believe how accommodating the staff was to their guests and how coordinated and educated they were. Second course we got a Pillsbury Rose which was also fantastic and the sommelier told us all about the history of this local winery and some stories about the AZ wine culture in general. It was awesome. The wine went perfectly with the salad we were served of assorted micro-greens with fresh currants and a tangy, fruity vinaigrette. A nice surprise was that under the greens were some hamachi sashimi. The fish was delectable and the salad was an explosion of flavors. I love dried currants in baked goods and currant jam but I have never in my life even seen a fresh currant, never mind bunches of them still on the vine. It was very cool! The next course was the fish course, accompanied by a crisp white blend. I am not a fan of sea bass but this one was cooked perfectly and it was a different type that was pink like salmon. I confess it did not convert me to being a sea bass lover but I loved the vegetables it was served with so much that I scraped up the remaining sauce with the rest of the bread in the bread basket (which was a very tasty focaccia, btw). The last course was the highlight of the whole experience. It was medallions of venison tenderloin. They were well-done (which is how I like my meat) but still completely fork-tender. The sauce for this dish was equally delectable, a sweet red wine reduction. The flavors in this dish were fantastic and the portion size was so large that my sisters had to take half of theirs home. The wine for this dish was a wonderful red that was so amazing I am going to go hunt it down and I will buy at least one bottle no matter how much it costs. I managed to save a bit to go with my chocolate cake dessert. The cake was good but it also came with a small cup of a super-thick and creamy hot chocolate that was out-of-this world. I thought it was great that we each got to pick our own dessert but my sisters both ended up not caring for theirs. One ordered the Apples on the Rocks, which is the one all the Yelpers raved about but it was completely tasteless and boring. It tasted like they had messed up and forgotten a few ingredients (like sugar?). My other sister ordered the chocolate and chestnuts dessert which was at least passable but somewhat blah. The boring desserts were not a big deal, though, since by that point we were sooo full!It was such a fantastic experience from start to finish I really think this is one of those places every Phoenician must go at least once. Great food, great service, great ambiance. I highly recommend!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/15/2013,744,637,5,13,8>Nice little sandwich shop near my gym. They do have vegetarian sandwiches, and burgers. I cut out cheese from my healthy eating habit, so my sandwich was a little boring. I wish they'd add some sauce or other spread for the burgers or subs. Maybe some southwest sauce? Still a great value, and the sandwiches taste great.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/14/2013,222,349,11,18,11>Hands down, my absolute favorite venue in all of the Valley.I've seen about 6 or 7 shows here now.  It's a very intimate place, where even from the seating (stadium bleachers, for reals) you are still very much "there".  Pricing, including fees, are very reasonable.  I've rarely paid over $20 for a show, and one at that price even included the artist's new album (thanks, Donovan Frankenreiter!)The food looks and smells delicious, though I've never ordered any yet. Plenty of lunch specials are advertised via Facebook.  Yes, I am a Facebook fan as well!  I appreciate the help-yourself water and cups, so that the wait for drinks at the bar is not held up by a request for 10 waters. Mixed drinks (vodka press, at least) are an extremely reasonable $4 or $5.  Crazy cheap for a music venue. Beer selection is well-thought out as well.Bathrooms are always clean and well-stocked...even at the end of the night.  Practically a miracle.Staff is super friendly. Seriously.  This place has no flaws!Parking is always an easy $5 cash payment at the lot across the street.  Easily accessible to the PHX Light Rail as well, but I've only gone that route once.I notice most other reviews have lots of hipster references.  Can't say that I notice a huge influx of hipsters here versus other similarly sized music venues.  Could that mean that...I am.. *gasp*..a hipster myself?  Uhhh...I say nah...only because I don't own enough hats or mustache-inspired clothing/accessories to quality.  Yet.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/13/2013,263,625,10,21,16>This is my 400th review, so I chose a good one.I keep getting coupons for this place. People I know(friends) say yeah, it is OK. Nothing great. It is alright.So one day it was raining and cold. I was out running errands and did not want to mess up the house cooking when I got home.So I had a coupon so I came here to Venezia's!First I called on the phone to order a large Pizza and some wings.I have been craving Wings,soooo.Anyway, I got there a little early. Parking for pick up right in front,very nice.As I sat inside looking around it was clean and well maintained.Counter for napkins, condiments and such, clean and well stocked. They were busy pick up orders, people coming in to get a slice, etc.They handle it very well. Everyone is calm and it runs very smoothly.One girl that was cutting Pizza and boxing every thing up made it all look so easy.She was wearing a hat and had tattoos,I say that because, I do not know her name.But, she was getting those orders out so quickly and efficiently/ I was amazed how she made it all look so easy. Bravo to her, she rocks.The smell inside was really good. Italian Food on a cold day smells fantastico!When We sat down to eat at home. It was fantastic! I love their Pizza. Their wings were meaty and spicy! This is it , I have found my new Pizza Heaven!I am so excited.Also I read the menu and took a to go menu home, I can't wait to try all the other items, I am sure they are just as wonderful!
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/12/2013,317,211,8,12,13>I've ordered food to go, a margarita on the rocks at the bar, and had brunch on a Sunday.Each experience was well above average. When I stopped in for a drink, it was a Friday during happy hour and packed! Still got my drink promptly, and I enjoyed it so much I had to repeatedly remind myself I had plans that I would not be able to show up to in a cab.I ordered the chicken sandwich and tortilla soup to go and I would definitely get it again.When I went for brunch with the bf, I got the enchilada stack with chicken, my egg was perfectly cooked over medium, and the Desert Blossom iced tea really hit the spot. My bf had the burger with cheddar cheese and fries. It was so good I wanted to trade even though mine was delicious. Just the right amount of salt on the fries, and the burger was as good as I'd heard!Our waitress was attentive, always bringing us more iced tea and anything else we needed, she was personable and really made our whole experience a very positive one. We look forward to going back again and again. There are many more menu items I am dying to try!! I really like the ambiance- dark and relaxing at night, bright and cozy during the day.Thanks Kari M. for telling me about this great restaurant!!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/11/2013,428,432,20,16,14>I got asked on a Valentines day date (hold your awwws) but he refused to tell me where or what we were doing. Creepy. When we parked in front of Villa, I found out that were coming here. To my date's credit, I am Peruvian and moved to the US when I started college (errr 7 years ago). He picked a Peruvian restaurant on Valentines day- where they had a Peruvian traditional folk band playing (enter cue to Awwwww away).Now that you are done awww-ing, let me share with you that I kinda, sorta, maybe, definitely freaked out. First of all, authentic and decent Peruvian food is very hard to find in the US- different ingredients, imported stuff, not-equally-tasty substitutes, etc. Secondly- a Peruvian folk band? Dear god, this has the potential to be one incredibly embarrassingly cheesy night.So I sat my ass down and proceeded to explain to my date (basically) the entire menu. I ordered the Anticuchos (grilled beef heart on a stick), Ceviche and Lomo Saltado. I also ordered 2 Cuzqueñas beer and the Chicha morada- a juice made from boiling purple corn, fresh fruit and sugar.Food wise, Villa Peru is a decent 3.5 stars. The Chicha was made fresh and it tasted exactly like it is supposed to: fresh, sweet and refreshing. The Ceviche was a solid 4.5 stars as the fish was fresh, the corn was Peruvian (we have a different type of corn, people), the sweet potato was soft and it had tons of citrus and onions. It just lacked some spice, so I had to ask for some Rocoto (our spiciest pepper) to add to it.The less successful dishes were the Lomo Saltado and the Anticuchos. The sirloin was sauteed with soy sauce which is not how its supposed to be done, The fries were a bit soggy and there were no fresh peppers (aji and rocoto, traditionally) sliced thinly and sauteed with the meal. It was decent and tasty, but it lacked spice. The Anticuchos were grilled well, but the pieces were very thick as traditionally, it's supposed to be thinly sliced squares. This made the meat dry and harder to eat, but the sides (potato, onion salad and some fresh herbs) were very nicely done.I understand that the place was full on Valentine's day, but I hate to say that the service really sucked. I was constantly looking around to get the server's attention for more water, the rocoto sauce or even the check and receipt.  2 stars for service. boo.Now that the boring yet actually useful parts of the Yelp review are completed, let me get back to my super corny story. The band started setting up while we were eating, to which I thought "oh god maybe I can eat really fast and get the check before they start playing". Nope. No dice. They started and they kept it going for the duration of our stay. And they were... awesome. For real- great voice, traditional instruments (like the Cajon- a form of drums), all traditional songs I grew up with and mad Spanish guitar skills. It's as good as I would find at any creole bar in Lima and that was ratified by all the (Peruvian) guests that were loudly singing along (maybe it was the booze) and shaking side-to-side in their chairs. Adorable.I think at one point towards the end of the night, the date asked me if I wanted to dance. Dear date, don't push it, I'm too sober to go there. All in all, it was a decent Peruvian restaurant that with some service improvements (and spice enhancements) can be a great great spot. They definitely delivered on Valentines day, and I guess so did my date.  As I went home, my anti-romantic self stopped and thought "crap. I just ate a heart on Valentines day. I hope this wasn't on purpose". Shucks.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,3/10/2013,228,749,6,8,9>Came here for a wedding and it was breath taking.  Wedding ceremony on held on the one of the driving areas that overlook the golf course and into the city.  The sunset was just beautiful.  The clubhouse has amazing and relaxing environment.  We had drinks on the patio (great for photos).  Had heater lamps so we ate on the other side of the patio.  The food was pretty good.  Steaks, chicken, and fish.  Tons of sides and bread.  Service was top notch (bar, servers, etc.).  +++Rabbits & family of deer spotted in the background!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/9/2013,248,354,8,13,12>Woke up on Saturday and decided I needed to try something new that I have never had before. So I turned to the fine Yelpers I have come to know and love and found Cornish Pasty with the highest reviews in Mesa. Off I went having no clue what I was in for and never having had "British" food. I have now found my new favorite obsession!!! We ordered two Pasty to share... the italian and the spicy chicken asagio. Both were my favorite! They were stuffed with lots of ingredients and came with sauces and were very tasty. We also got the oven chips with garlic and jalapeno. I think these are the best "chips" I have had anywhere hands down. We wanted more but were stuffed! However, not too stuffed to go for dessert. We shared the banana/carmel/graham cracker crust/whip cream pie. And wanted to lick the plate clean and fought like 2 year olds over the last bite! While it was large enough for two people and probably three people, it was so good that I think next time we will start with dessert!Love the atmosphere here as well. Really unique and we don't have much around Mesa that really transports you to another place. I can't wait to go back and have found my new obsession!
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,10/3/2014,437,464,11,18,15>Within the restaurants of a 5 mile radius from where I work, Detriot Coney is one of the most delicious, cheapest and offers the best service.  I went there for a dog but I saw someone eating a juicy burger so I changed my mind.  Drink, fries and a delicious cheeseburger for all under $8 bucks.  The person who took my order explained that my burger order number will be called out and then they will ask me what fixings I want "like subway" he said.  I thought that was a pretty cool feature and they had a nice selection of burger toppings.  The guy who cooked my burger, served it to me at my table and then cleaned up my table when I was done, what a superstar employee.  I'm giving this place 5 stars because it was clean, the service was awesome and the food was very delicious.  For a hot dog stand this place is a cut above the rest!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/2/2014,47,61,7,10,11>I came to Sun Devil to get a diagnosis, since it was acting up after a collision. My friend recommended it, and these guys were beyond amazing. David Hyland, the store manager, had my car looked over and kept it over night since it was late when I took it in, and he wanted a few guys to test drive it. He sent me pics of my tires, two of which had wires showing..  He told me what I needed to fix now, and never once tried to up sell anything. They gave me rides to and from my house, and all were nothing but sweet! Never once talked down to since I know nada about cars, and David explained everything so I could understand. These guys, especially David went out of there way to check over my car, and for that reason, I will only ever come to Sun Devil! Thanks guys, and David I'm still bringing you Starbucks!:)
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/1/2014,63,165,6,8,8>To say I am excited to finally have Changing Hands closer to me is an understatement.  The west valley is in major need of so many Indie businesses and thank goodness we have an Indie bookstore in the 'hood.  I was beyond nervous when I first donated money for the opening of this location and there mere days before it ended and several thousand were still needed.  But the community came through and from there I eyeballed the countdown like nobody's business!  My friend and I went to their opening night and we were not let down at all.  The parking lot was plenty big enough to fit everyone and the open space the bookstore is in has that warehouse feel to it complete with the 2 original fireplaces from Beefeaters.  The First Draft Book Bar is a very welcome addition to this location and I'm pretty sure I will be the owner of one of the bar glasses and T-shirts!  There is a large open space right behind the bar that looks to possibly be the spot for all the author visits and signings.  They won't have to move any bookshelves!  I can't wait!...especially since I was nervous they wouldn't host any events at our Phoenix location when I first heard it was going in.  Thankfully, they will start hosting events here in August (they held off not knowing if they would be open by then).  In fact, last night I preordered my book to see Damien Echols!  They have a restaurant attached and will soon have a garden store as well.  I'm now the proud owner of 3 books from the opening night and several photos to remember the nice evening at Changing Hands.  They have all the bookshelves I loved at their Tempe location...like top listed books.  But I especially love their Upcoming Events shelf because my favorite part of Changing Hands is their local events.  And just like at their Tempe location...they sell all the fun quirky gifts and stationary items.  The Phoenix location is nothing short of perfect.My only gripe was that it was too hot last night and they need to pump up the AC a little bit more...especially with all the windows in the two front walls.  Other than that...I will be visiting my local Indie bookstore a lot more now that it is within normal driving distance!  This could be super dangerous.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/30/2014,202,240,8,9,11>Piece of Cake Desserts made the process of ordering our wedding cake...well, a piece of cake!  We were referred here by our venue, Portico (yelp.com/biz/portico-wed…), and decided to go with them because A) why not? I had no other bakery in mind and B) the package comes with a replication of the top tier for major anniversaries.  No more saving a piece of stale wedding cake in the freezer!When we went in for our tasting and consultation, we were led to a private little nook to chat with a very friendly woman whose name has escaped me.  She asked a few questions about our event and our hopes and dreams, then showed us their portfolio of cakes so we could tell her what we liked.  Using a few of their photos and explanations of what was in my head, she started sketching.  She showed us what she was thinking, and it was exactly what *I* was thinking!  She brought out cupcakes for us to sample their flavors, and it was an easy choice.  Two tiers of almond white cake, one tier of red velvet, cream cheese buttercream and fondant.  Yum.  All we had to do then was drop off our cake topper before the wedding and the rest was handled.  Woohoo!I didn't even see the cake until I walked in to the reception after the wedding.  It sat there on its pedestal, looking perfect and delicious.  When it was cut and served, it WAS perfect and delicious.  I'm excited for the anniversary replications!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,9/29/2014,120,183,3,17,12>I was in need of somewhat of a hair transformation and today I got just that at Flict. I had a coupon for $50 off a color, cut and style from a local flyer and I decided to look up the reviews and they were great! They are located off of Ray and Dobson next to the Valle Luna restaurant next to the lake. I was greeted right away when I walked in and I loved the vintage decor. Rachel greeted me within a few minutes and took me to her chair. I had lightened my hair to platinum a few days ago with the intent of going to a more honey blonde. Rachel did a very extensive consultation with me to understand exactly what color and style I was going for. When we decided on a color she took me to the bowl to rinse my hair. She was very sweet and we made great conversation, which we all know is a also a very important attribute in a hairstylist. The color probably only took about 30 minutes in total which wasn't too bad at all.When the color was revealed I was beyond happy. It is stunning! A perfect honey golden blonde. She cut my hair in to a shoulder length layered bob and it looks gorgeous and healthy again. She was also training another stylist at the time and is very knowledgeable and really knows her stuff! I would definitely recommend her and  I will definitely be going back. See pics :)0
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,9/28/2014,179,180,6,11,9>Small, intimate venue for shows/concerts in the middle of downtown. The bar is located at the end of the ballroom, near the bathrooms. There are three rows of "stadium" seating toward the back, facing the stage. Overall, clean, cute atmosphere and cheap drinks - $5 for my usual vodka cranberry. Had a great time seeing Yus, Mas Ysa, and EMA here - and Crescent Ballroom made the event free - which was awesome!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,9/27/2014,317,211,8,8,8>*My 200th Review*Tarbell's, you were a dream come true!This is what 5 stars is to me-The very best service. Every staff member was professional, personable, well groomed, prompt, and smiled often!The restaurant itself was simple and elegant. Definitely a place I would recommend for a date or special occasion or anytime you want to be fancy! The crowd was mostly retirees, but I took that as a sign that I was in the right place.  The other diners were very dapper and able bodied and seemed to clearly enjoy the finer things in life. The food. Mmmmmm yes!! I had the scallops, and they were the best I've ever had. It came with a potato cake and seasonal vegetables, each bite equally delicious. The salmon was also excellent and grilled to perfection. Even the grill marks were absolutely perfect, which I admire because I can not do that myself! It was accompanied by mixed greens with an amazing honey glaze dressing, and potatoes another way- similar to shoe string pik nik sticks but much fancier and salty and mouth watering. We shared the caramel cheesecake for dessert, and that was probably the low point of the meal. Kidding!! Omg, I rarely eat dessert and this was worth.every.calorie!! Perfection! Not to sweet, not too dense, not too light, so full of flavor! The caramel sauce! My, my! I really can't wait to go back. I am very curious about the spaghetti and meatballs! And the profiteroles! I want to try the whole menu, each time it changes! Thank you Tarbell's, for making my 30th birthday dinner amazing!Edit: I received a warm phone call from Ty 2 days after dining to inquire how my experience was. I can't say that has ever happened before even at other fine establishments. Very classy. Thanks Ty!
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,9/26/2014,184,171,3,8,9>I think this place gets the crown for best sushi in North Phoenix.  All the fish is really fresh, and most of the chefs are Japanese, which is a welcomed site in my opinion.  Their lobster tempura has great flavor, the anago (sea eel) is a definite must try, the ama ebi (sweet shrimp) is one of the best I've had in AZ, and the maguro (ahi) is ruby red.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,9/25/2014,128,856,6,10,11>happy hour! they have a pretty darn good one. 1/2 off happy hour prices on their specific menu...we opted for the fish tacos....4 small tacos with a side of a rather spicy hot and delicious guacamole style sauce. excellent!i had 2 kiltlifters at 2 bucks off the standard menu. the wife and her friend had 2 premium cocktails for the same price. there are plenty of options for food and drink and their happy hour prices are top notch. the place itself is very cool. we sat outside, and yes, it was a tad bit warm. it's all shaded and misted but it was still warm. no matter as the food and beverages cooled us down. service was good. our water glasses stayed completely filled the entire time and our server was prompt and courteous, without being overbearing. but valet...i swear, i could live my whole life and not ever use valet. i understand the concept when dealing with small parking lots where numerous people park and/or you can get ticketed for parking in another properties lot, but i hate it. especially mandatory valet. well, i guess it's not mandatory, but anyway....i really enjoyed this place!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,9/24/2014,263,625,12,20,17>I read all the good reviews for this place so I thought I would give it a try.My friend lives close, so I said I will meet you there.To see it, you would never think ,oh this place will be great.It is in a strange shopping center. Right next to Chino Bandito,or something like that. Though I must try that place one day as well.When you walk in it smells divine!My friend was already there and had ordered an Ice Tea.She ended up getting the Chicken lettuce wraps, and I the Gryo dish,which is on a bed of fantastic rice.We each got the chicken Potato soup. Oh my gosh, everything was fantastic! Plus we even got pita bread and they were nice enough to give me hot tea,even though it is not on the menu.I even got 2 Baklava's to go. Which we had for dessert that night.So glad I read the reviews or I never would of known about this place.It is very clean as well, with nice clean rest rooms and lots of parking.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2009,12/4/2009,411,271,13,17,17>"I will remember these shrimp for the rest of my life."  This is what my mom said after tasting the bacon-wrapped shrimp at Wildfish.I knew I had to come back for a full meal after swooning over the amazing appetizers at the Yelp Elite event.  So, when my mom came out to visit I had the perfect opportunity to prove that great seafood can be found in the desert.  Wildfish did not disappoint.After consulting with our (super awesome) waiter Christian, we started off with two appetizers - the crabcake and the bacon-wrapped shrimp with goat cheese.  Both were just as fantastic as I remembered.  The crabcake is large and perfect for sharing and is served with a light remoulade sauce.  The shrimp come three to a plate, complimented with a small stack of light onion rings.  My mom really knows that I love her, as I declined her (feeble and halfhearted) offers to split the third shrimp with me!The parade of deliciousness continued with the entrees - Roasted Sea Bass and Snapper Filet with Johah Crab.  Both were served with delicate sauces that enhanced, not overpowered, the flavor of the fish.  We shared a side of steamed asparagus with hollandaise.  All sides are served family-style and the portions are large but can be ordered in half sizes that are perfect for two.5 star staff, 5 star food.  Overall it was a great experience in every way.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2009,12/2/2009,120,162,18,14,14>I love riding the light rail and dining at establishments that don't allow firearms.  Why?  Because I'm liberal scum.Facetious political banter aside, I think that the light rail is a great addition to Phoenix.  Not everyone is able to take advantage of it due to its limited proximity, but she's still but a pup and will expand in due time over the years.As it is now, the light rail has really been a major help to me and very convenient.  I've taken it downtown many, many times, have used it to hit up the swap meet (that was awesome), go to a baseball game and dine out at places I ordinarily couldn't make it to as a bike commuter.I remember when it was brand spanking new, everyone on there was riding it for the sheer spectacle of it.  Now, though, drunken lunatics feel welcome aboard.  They're not all that common, they're not in that majority, but if you ride the light rail enough, you will see your handful of raving, yelling-at-the-moon type maniacs.  For me, it adds character.  I hope to see it branch out in the years that come.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,12/2/2009,121,311,8,12,12>I am at home sick today, and actually had a chance to try Pane Bianco.  I was not excited to get out of my pajamas and head down there, but I am glad that I did so.  Like so many other reviewers have mentioned, the mozzarella sandwich is pretty top notch.  I enjoyed every bite.  If I'm craving a good sandwich, I will definitely head to Pane Bianco, if they are open... which leads me to my next point:I am easily annoyed by hours as minimal as 11-3.  I wish that businesses that put out such a great product would realize that if they were open longer, more people would be lucky enough to enjoy their product.  I appreciate that they are open on Saturdays, but I'm still docking a star for lack of hours open.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,12/1/2009,448,260,11,12,12>Dear Vig Hater,I went back to The Vig for happy hour a few weeks ago, and I'm going to have to officially declare my disagreement with you. Even thought it was ridiculously crowded (and we had to wait for a seat on the patio at a mere 5 p.m.!), I thought the happy hour scene was dynamic and exciting; people were having a lot of fun, and the whole place felt alive. Plus, the well drinks were really cheap and the duck & mushroom quesadilla I had was really well-executed and satisfying. I would return here for lunch or happy hour in a second, and that my friend, makes for a five-star experience. Christine
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,11/29/2009,100,799,10,19,13>It's 1-Star, it's 5-Stars, it's 1-Star, it's 5-Stars.  WHAT?¿?I'll give the critics that this place looks scary & dinky on the outside, but once inside it's actually mid-sized; a little worn, but I found it comfortable... funky but chic, as David Johansen would say.  Of course the real questions are, "Is it 1-Star, or is it 5-Stars?  Should I have brought my friends with me, or an ambulance?"  From the look of the outside, I was thinking I'd better have the ambulance lined up, at least, but I settled for dialing 9-1 on my cell (ok, figuratively speaking), & lurched in through the door.I washed up in the CLEAN bathroom, & started with my usual appetizer, Hot & Sour Soup, which was feisty!  It's a good thing they give you a big glass of water!Back at the (infamous) serving line, there were 31 main trays.  The salad was good, with some interesting Chinese non-cucumber round things there to add in, & their Honey-Mustard dressing was excellent.  Now fried rice is FRIED!  You can't make it without some oil, people!  With that said, the pork fried rice was just fine, & it was NOT GREASY!  ...And the infamous, "Spam Lo Mein?"  The others forgot to tell you that it's GOOD!  (& no, of course it's not Spam!  To me, it tasted much closer to USDA Reconstituted Meat Byproduct Protein #4...  Ok, "Spam" for short.).Moving on, there were the WORLD'S BEST FRENCH FRIES!  How did THAT get left out of everyone's reviews?  (The potato sticks are dipped in a Tempura batter & then fried to be crispy outside but soft in the middle...  Really good!)The staff?  Friendly & appreciative!  The service?  Excellent!  Server lady picked up my zillion empty plates as I ate, & kept my drink full.  That's all there is for co to do when it's a buffet!So the place was empty, right?  NO!  It had LOTS of customers for the size of the place, especially on a Tuesday morning.Lunch Buffet:  $6.25 - I think it's real good.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2009,11/28/2009,510,292,21,18,19>A colleague of mine dropped her business card in a drawing here and won a party for 100 of her friends. This included $1 drinks all night, which is freakin' fantastic, so naturally, I'm totally in. Now, given that it is Halloween time, we all decided to wear our costumes.. even thought we were the only group to do so, it was perfect, and all eyes were on us, and who doesn't love attention?. $1 drinks + dueling pianos + costumes = a pretty excellent combination of awesome. The venue itself is pretty big, plenty of seating to watch the live entertainment. Attentive bar tenders, and decent looking food, which I did not try, but should have, to absorb the copious amounts of chocolate cake shots and Kiltlifter I slaughtered. The entertainment was amazing. I myself am a huge fan of piano bars, and the musicians there certainly did not disappoint. They rocked it..  called people up to the stage to participate which is always funny, and the perfect way to get the crowd going. When I say crowd, I mean army. Of drunk. This place was packed and I loved it! I even loved the hostess everyone thought was a giant vagina because she complimented me on my hair and gave me 2 extra drink tickets. She was not a V. She was awesome.Anyway, Arrive early if you like sitting down, or you could just dress up as Tinkerbells hot redheaded tattooed sister, and half the room will offer to give up their seats for you. See, chivalry is not totally dead. Not here at least.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2009,11/26/2009,348,195,17,17,17>Every time I drive by this place, I get a little thrill down my spine. MMMM! Where else can you go to experience a bit of heaven between two soft pieces of bread? I met Mr. Hottie and Foodie Bear for lunch one afternoon at Los Reyes. I will say that I'm not a HUGE fan of sandwiches, but when it's free, what the heck? I walked in to the strip mall establishment and was met by the aroma of grilled onions and meat! So far, so good! Once seated, I found my eyes wandering around the menu and wishing I could eat everything on it! After sipping on a delicious horchata, and pondering the menu, I decided on the Torta el Rey which means "torta that has everything but the kitchen sink in it" (loosely translated)! This AMAZING sammie came with breaded thin beef steak, ham, chorizo, fried egg, cheese, avocado, lettuce, tomato, and jalapeno! This is CERTAINLY not something you want to feed a family member who is at risk of kicking the bucket due to heart or kidney issues. Consider yourself warned. I will say that if you eat this sandwich, you are bound to fall in love with it. It's a dangerous, forbidden love, but a love you will cherish nonetheless. One of the issues I have with sandwiches is the bread. In previous experience, the tortas that I ate had terribly boring bread, or bread that was way too hard. Los Reyes' bread was yummy! It was grilled and and crusty, but not so crusty that you cut your mouth or it's too hard. The ingredients of the torta were all well made and delicious. Everything was HOT where it needed to be and cold and fresh where that needed to be! Perfecto! So why is that 5th star missing? I want to head back to try another torta to be sure of a 5 star rating! Looking forward to it!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,11/25/2009,363,93,7,18,14>This review is years overdue. I forget Yelp is for businesses beyond restaurants at times.I'm obsessed with the Phoenix Knife House. I need to go there every once in a while just to hang out (and I always have to buy something). I've bought many a present here and I'm always itching to buy another knife for the house. Phoenix Knife House carries Japanese chef's knifes - which are only sharpened on one side. They're ridiculously sharp and so cool. We have a killer set of Wusthof's that we got for a wedding present that we don't really use anymore. And we just have a few knives from PKH. While we don't need anymore really, I have to get another soon. I'm going for the Sugimoto 8" chef's knife.While they have some amazing, high end works of art (Damascus steel & such), they also carry a good selection of great knives that are super affordable.Eytan, the owner, carries knives in typical Western shape and traditional Japanese form. He also has a bunch of killer kitchen tools. Absolutely love the kitchen shears he told us to get long ago and was excited to pick up a nice fish spatula recently.This happens to be the place where many of the valley's local chefs do their knife shopping. Eytan has also expanded to carry some additional chef supplies so head over there if you need a chef's coat or clogs as well.In addition to being an authority on knives, he's a master sharpener. He sharpens all kinds of knives, is super reasonable and has a quick turnaround.In addition to the awesome product he has, Eytan is a major foodie. He is a former chef (SCI grad I think?) who worked at amazing places like Kai, Circa 1900, opened Fiamma here and did time in New York at spots like Aureole, La Côte Basque, and Craft.He is also a great guy and a wealth of information on the local food scene. I'm always following up on  his recommendations.Even if you have nice knives, you should check it out. Might get converted like I did!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2009,11/24/2009,115,314,15,9,13>I wanted to love you Parlor. You have such great potential for so many reasons. First off, you are smoking hot. Sorry, I mean attractive. Your decor is sensational, even when I'm sitting next to the pipework.I've also fallen for your personality. It's subtle and sexy. Mysterious, yet calm. I don't know how you are able to make me feel relaxed and excited at the same time, but I like it. As if it couldn't get better, you are creative. You have found ways to make me love pasta, and I am not really a fan of Italian food. Your spaghetti with basil pesto and pine nuts was a true culinary masterpiece. You even let me order it without tomato. It was also just the right size. The apple smoked bacon soup you made me was ingenious. What a delicious starter. However, you had one flaw that I just cannot get over. You did not let me order dessert. Why was that? Do you think I'm fat? I had a perfectly sized dinner, you made it for me yourself. Why did you wait so long to come back and ask me if I wanted dessert (which I did) that I was worried it would take equally as long to get it to me and therefore passed? It made me very sad. I had to settle for Gelato Spot instead. I love you, but if you can't deal with my love of desert, it was not meant to be.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,11/22/2009,375,90,10,12,13>How did I miss this? I'm the chick that bitches endlessly about the lack of sushi in the downtown/midtown area. Seriously, how.... in the hell.....did I miss this?? Anyway, I love this place. The sushi was fantastic (in my opinion) but then again I'm not some self important sushi snob, so take that for what it's worth. Everything tasted fresh and the service was great. The only complaint I have is the chairs..... who's brilliant idea were those horrible wire chairs. My bony ass was not happy after sitting there for an hour and a half. Whatever, I found a new date spot. The bf was as impressed as I was and since we live so close I'm sure Moira will be in regular rotation.Screw you Zen
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,7/25/2010,411,271,13,14,15>"You know where we are supposed to go, right?" "No, I thought you knew." Excerpt of conversation on the way to the Old Town Farmers Market.  Good thing that Yelp Blackberry app has a map feature!A visit to the OTFM is a fun way to spend a Saturday morning. There is a (small but growing) diverse selection of vendors with everything from the expected produce to confections to seafood to "beer" for dogs! No need to eat beforehand, either. Almost everyone offers samples (even wine!). Kind of like a way cooler local outdoor Costco.  Where they allow dogs.  Well not exactly, but you get my point. I sampled more types of chocolate than I can count, tasted my first-ever cheese curd, and am now a huge fan of Goody Twos toffee. Also, we couldn't let the morning go by without a scoop of Lime Basil Sorbet from the Sweet Republic bus. Surprisingly, I managed to restrain myself from purchasing everything I saw, and walked away with only an amazing jar of Roasted Garlic Feta Cheese from Made by Bees (decadent when enjoyed on pieces of warm french baguette!), two HUGE artichokes, and a bundle of green onions. I am looking forward to going back and getting there earlier next time - by 10am there were enough people to make it a little difficult to navigate and reach some of the more tasty treats. I will also remember to use the environmentally conscious Yelp grocery bags which were accidentally left in the car.  Oops!  They will be filled with salmon, handmade soap, more artichokes, some asparagus, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and, and, and... :)
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,7/24/2010,741,138,13,13,10>This review is long overdue...I brought a friend into Petit Fromage last month on a national holiday of sorts - 4/20.  Lara took the time to put together a hand selected range of fromage to appease our palates.  There were lavendar hinted, coffee rubbed, and black pepper infused delicacies.  I knew that I should have taken notes, dammit, I don't know the names of the small farms that she directly sources from or the names of the cheese.  We took the selections to my home, with presecco and bread from La Grande Orange (in the 'hood).  Perfect for a late afternoon lunch!  We even had some left over for the next days lunch.  While perusing the shop, we noticed many cheeses priced accordingly - $4.20.  It is the little things....
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2009,7/23/2010,171,163,7,11,10>Around the corner and down the road from my new place is the bestest sushi place!! Very mom and pop... if mom and pop were into lime green and sleek contemporary decor. Very clean and kinda ackwardly set up, Cafe Wasabi reminds me of Subway... except this is really fresh! I've had the Hawaiian Roll and the Rainbow Roll - both were really good as was the Orange shrimp roll. The nigiri is good - but then again, nigiri is always good. :) Along the counter's sneeze guard are pictures and descriptions of the various rolls available. Some look too exotic to try and others are regular standbys. I can see first timers getting squeemish when they see them on display. One cool touch is the maaaany empty sake bottles that are decorated by the lucky souls that drank them. I have yet to try one myself - but the bottles on the shelves and counter sure look cute.The sushi is good, I never had any stomach problems after eating there and I always leave there happy I came and promising myself that next time I'll try the green tea ice cream... i would - but I'm always too full!!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,7/22/2010,236,133,25,20,23>My family has a motto: "Pot just makes me tired and hungry; and I'm already tired and hungry." For some of the family this means "Say no to drugs"; for others it means harder stuff is where it's at; for me it means "I need a burger and a nap."Cue the hippies. Two Hippies served me up a real burger. Like a REAL one! you know curvy like I like em; not flat. The fries came in a paper bag so that no one can claim they had no idea it was bad for them and sue. The bad is clear by the time you take a seat...grease may be my favourite foodI am not going to be the only one not to mention that you get a burger, fries and can of soda (pop for Thomas S and the people of his homeland and surrounding areas--ps they say pop because they would just say soda funny.) for $5!! Way better than fast food for cheaper. I will now end this review because I am tired...and hungry...
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2009,7/21/2010,742,648,25,10,15>Loved this place! Me and 3 other men hit this place for a guys clean up day.. we all got pedicures and manicures, which turned out so beautiful and shiny I feel very much in touch with my feminine side right now. *cough cough*, yeah, it was f*ckin' killer dude.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,7/19/2010,100,799,10,16,13>This big, busy, authentic, smoky, banged up place is a combination bakery, meat market, grocery, deli, & restaurant!  The restaurant serves ala carte items as well as breakfast, lunch & dinner combinations from an extensive menu up over the counter.  On top of that, I asked them to customize my meal, & it was no problemo.You order & pay at the counter, & they call you when it's ready for you to take to the table of your choice in their big, comfortable dining room.  I asked them to make me up a combination plate with a chile relleno, a beef tamale, plus beans & rice.  They also offered me flour or corn tortillas, & I chose corn.  Pretty soon my number was called, & here they gave me FIVE roasting hot tortillas wrapped up in aluminum foil!  You help yourself to the salsa bar, & I had the salsa verde, which was so good I didn't even sample any of the others.  In fact, everything was terrific, & the whole meal was amazingly inexpensive at $6.48!If you want a place that "looks clean", this isn't that.  If you want generous portions of really good Mexican food, hop in your Chivy & whip over here ahorita!  This place has tons of character, & the food is very, very good!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,7/18/2010,285,121,18,17,16>This place doesn't even unlock their front door, that is how awesome they are.  It doesn't even have a freaking name according to the average passerby, because I'm pretty sure a neon sign that says "Cocktails" is all the "Branding" they need.It's the size of a living room and reminds me of my grandparents basement, with at least twice as many drunk senior citizens. Their prices are straight out of 1986. They have a freaking pinball machine. Their jukebox makes my drunken ass scream "OhmygodthisismyFFAAAAVVVVOOORRRITTTEEsong" like 12 times a night. They have pool, darts, and Megatouch. It's like I died and went to drunk amusement heaven.You know what else they have? Booze. And Beer. And more booze, and more beer, and lots of people who dig drinking lots of booze and beer and don't give a shit about seeing or being seen.  They only thing people go to Great Escape to see is the bottom of a rocks glass, and you won't even see that very often because the bartenders are on top of their shit every single time I've been.If they got shuffle board, I would bump them up to 5 stars. Until then, I still love them for everything they aren't.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2009,7/17/2010,121,311,7,12,10>Since I had a lovely night here last night and have had several such nights, it must be time for me to yelp this place.I wouldn't say that I would go to Side Bar on any random night, but rather on a night where I felt like doing it up just a little bit.  I'm not a lounge bar girl, but rather a dive bar girl.  Either way, as far as lounge bars go, Side Bar is basically it.  This is the kind of bar you bring a boy that you're dating who lives in Tempe to show him that there are cool bars in Central PHX.  It seemed to work out well for me last night.The crowd can be pretty hit or miss- I've seen some major characters in this place.  You just have to lay back and take it all in, I guess.  I'm always a bit irritated by the lack of draft beer, but Strongbow always seems to make me happy here.  The bartenders are hot, and they have mints in the bathroom.  I'm a fan.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,7/16/2010,296,138,5,9,10>Coup des Tarte delivers exactly what its name suggests, a ravishing blow to the palette that storms your mouth by force and takes no prisoners.  The chocolate and caramel fleur de sel tart is a testament to the aphrodisiac quality of fine food, and it had me moaning at the table heedless of surrounding company, who conveniently were also moaning with pleasure after sampling the four berry tart with vanilla gelato, so at least I was in good company. The small converted house lends a homey, romantic feel with wood floors, soft curtained windows for natural light and warm walls that were decorated with a discerning eye for color.  The tables are small and a bit crowded, but are not close enough that you will end up distracted by surrounding conversation.  It is most assuredly not a place to bring a large group of people, with a count of four being about the max for a comfortably seated party.One thing I adore is that it's BYOB, which is a blessing because their menu is pricey enough as it is without tacking on the inevitable, exorbitant price of alcohol.  Instead they charge a nine dollar corking fee and provide all the necessary accoutrement for opening and chilling your selection during the meal. The appetizers are consistently delicious.  The three onion tart in particular is the perfect balance of sweet and smoky, with the tart crust and caramelized onions playing up the sweet side, and the smoky bacon with Gruyere cheese satisfying the savory.  It is an honest to goodness coup des tarte in your mouth, as has already been discussed.  The chevre cheese and tomato appetizer and country pate plate were also rich and savory, the walnut bread with the pate being particularly notable, although they lacked the complexity of the three onion tart and seemed much more savory. The entrees were perhaps the weakest portion of the meal, which was surprising considering they're naturally the most expensive.  The duck breast was cooked to perfection and wasn't too fatty, and the honey, lavender, rhubarb sauce was a beautiful compliment to the meat.  The accompanying green beans and mashed potatoes fell far short of the duck though, and could have used a more creative interpretation.  The Moroccan lamb shank with Israeli couscous and chickpeas, however, was off the charts delicious!  It was fall of the bone tender and all the components of the meal were highly complimentary.  The sea bass I've had on previous visits also suffered the same fate as the duck, with an ultimately well prepared and scrumptious protein accompanied by lack luster sides. But ultimately it is the dessert course that is the crowing jewel of this establishment. Don't say, "Well I never order dessert." Or "But I'm watching my weight."  Believe me, you want these perfectly prepared, sweet and salty concoctions to make love to your mouth.  Every tart I have ever tasted has elicited the same sleepy smiles of contentment and pleasurable moans.  In fact, it might even be a better investment to go a nontraditional route and just skip right from the appetizers to the dessert course.  That way you can order several varieties and indulge in blissful, sugary enjoyment.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2009,7/15/2010,1709,149,9,20,16>The lovely lady and i received a gift card for this place for christmas making our decision easy when it came to picking a place for a late lunch on sunday. I used open table to make a reservation just in case and we headed down arriving about 4pm. The place is huge big building big interior with several banquet halls and two floors. I dug the decor but who knows what the heck my fashion sense is like im certainly no interior designer.We had a brief moment of confusion finding the host table (apparently we came in the back way?) and we didnt really run into anyone too helpfull. Once arriving at the host table we were seated pretty much immediately and our waiter arrived moments later. As he walks up his phone started ringing but he silenced it and played it off with a friendly joke not that i really cared as long as he didnt answer it at my table no big deal. There were a few hiccups with minor things and ill just get those out of the way before i move on to the food. Stephs water glass was visibly dirty(replaced), The parmesan cheese container we were brought was empty, I spilled a iced tea my fault but no napkins were offered and i had to ask for another after he took my wet one,nothingtoo terrible really but it could have been better. With that being said let me clarify that our service was good overall the waiter was friendly, polite , and quickly fixed anything we asked.The food was quite good we decided to split an appetizer , a salad, and a entree since steph eats something like a small child or a bird in quantity. For our appetizer we went with the zucchini frites which were actually long strips of zucchini lightly breaded and fried with a slighlty sweet dipping sauce that i cant remember what the waiter said was. I am not normally a big veggie person especially not zucchini but this was really tasty. The level of crispness from frying while still having a nice soft middle was great and it went perfectly with the sauce. We got the Maggiano's salad and were a little dissapointed it bills itself as being a proscuitto topped salad but was really just bacon bits i use proscuitto at least 1 time a week and really love it but this just wasnt it. On a upnote the salad was ginormous and could have easily been split as a salad course for 4-5 people. For our entree we got the spinach and chicken manicotti which was good the filling was really great but the manicotti was done differently than ive ever seen im used to a much thicker pasta with more firmness but thats just what im used to. The taste was good the portion as seems to be the case with everything here was huge, the white sauce was quite good as well. After the food steph got a cappuccino which the espresso was good but was actually more of a latte with 15-20% foam when it should be about 50%. All in all id say id come back not in any hurry and ill probably try something different. Who knows maybe we'll get another gift card.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,1/5/2012,301,169,18,23,22>This place is such an awesome change from the typical Scottsdale scene.  Instead of looking around and seeing the same 4 people carbon copied about 100 times, Char's has an eclectic crowd of young and old, black and white, hipsters and cougars, bikers and divas all wonderfully coexisting.  Hey, kind of like a real big city with culture!  Char's has different bands playing each night - Soul Power was performing when I was there and they were fantastic!  These musicians like to interact with their audience and know how to get the crowd going.  Their tunes range from the stuff your mom & dad probably got down to in the 60s - 70s (grown-folk music as they called it) through 80s R & B, modern top 40 hits and anything with a little soul in between.  Even if you go thinking you won't dance, be prepared to get sweaty because you just can't help yourself.  Everyone else will be having too much fun out there for you to resist!Char's loses a a couple stars for the tiny dance floor, limited seating, and lack of ventilation, but gets a well-deserved bonus star just for being so unique!  There's really no other place quite like it in Phoenix.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,1/4/2012,285,121,12,12,12>I find my reaction to Posh similar to Will Ferrell's reaction to Jersey Boys in the criminally overlooked 2010 feature film "The Other Guys". It's not great, it's FANTASTIC. You guys totally undersold it! Wow, what a restaurant.Actually, the basis for that comparison stems from feeling the need to assuage the fear that "I'll pay so much money and won't get enough food". I just bought tickets to see Jersey Boys in Vegas. You know how much the tickets cost? $76/each. More than a 5 courser at Posh PLUS a couple glasses of wine. Jersey boys was about two and a half hours. Five courses at Posh, if you're really enjoying yourself and your company, can easily take that long. The difference is that Jersey Boys does not feed you (well, it does, but in a different way). Point being, going to Posh isn't a meal, going to Posh is an experience. And, in my opinion, it's worth every penny.I've been several times, including taking my Mom when she was in town from Cleveland, Ohio. Needless to say, she freaking loved it. Not that she's an inexperienced diner. She's from New York and considers Mario Batali a God among men, but according to her, dining at Posh was like being a judge on Top Chef. She didn't specify which judge but I'm going to go ahead and veto Padma because she is just unbearable. But I digress.I've been exposed to foods at Posh that I wouldn't have had anywhere else. I don't want to screw up the proper dish descriptions so don't take this too literally but I've had chilled cucumber soup with a lime-chili oil, ahi tuna sashimi with wasabi and soy pearls, mother effin sweet breads (which everyone told me I should mark off but I didn't because I've never had them, and even though I might not necessarily ORDER them, I'm glad I tried them), and of course the creme brulee torched-style foie gras which is quite simply the most decadent thing I've ever eaten. And I've had bacon flavored ice cream. Again, I'm sure I'm butchering these courses but it's from my hazy wine memory and just trust me, they were all good.While I think you would be fine with five courses (it's my typical order..since the first is always a soup or salad and the last is a dessert), more courses is always better. I mean, you're already there. Might as well give them as many opportunities as possible to blow your mind. Trust me, they will.If you haven't gone, you should go. You won't regret it. Same goes for Jersey Boys, but that's a different review.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,1/3/2012,64,80,3,4,8>Really hip hangout. I went at night though, and I imagine it would make a nice daytime chill place during summer. I met up with a friend who had a cabana rented, which was cool but it's ideal for a small group; pretty cool that there's a tv in there! Our mexican food appetizers were tasty. The gals working are cute and friendly.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,1/2/2012,136,190,5,8,6>After reading Rand's review about a month ago, I just I knew had to check this place out! I stopped by Monday after work with a list of items I'd like to try (I looked at their menu online before coming in). I ordered way too much for my husband & I, but it was my 1st time so I had to try a lil bit of everything. I got the following: shrimp ceviche tostada, carne asada burrito, carne asada tacos w/a side of rice & beans, cheese quesadilla (flour tortilla), carne asada quesadilla (corn tortilla, handmade!) "estilo del rey" style (meaning it's topped with cheese, sour cream & cilantro) & lastly a slice of chocoflan for dessert. I had the tostada, burrito & carne asada quesadilla (over the course of 3 meals, btw) & all were excellent! Although, instead of shrimp I received chicken. It was still delicious but I was excited to try the shrimp, next time. The burrito had a lil kick to it & the meat was seasoned perfectly. The quesadilla was beyond amazing, I don't think I can ever eat a quesadilla again w/out getting it "estilo del rey" style, freakin yum! My hubby had the tacos, cheese quesadilla & half of my burrito. He thoroughly enjoyed everything & made 2 meals out of it. The chocoflan was chocolate cake topped w/a thick layer of flan. I didn't really care for the flan topping but the cake was tasty, super moist! Total for all that food was about $33, which I find totally reasonable. I can say that this is one of the top places for Mexican in Phoenix. I can't wait to return & try all the other yummy things they have to offer!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,1/1/2012,94,215,11,14,12>This place has very good sandwiches and wraps. The roast beef is made in house (I believe) and really good. The Vermonter, which is their version of Thanksgiving in a sandwich is also tasty. They also have daily specials that offer pretty unique sandwiches/wraps. One time I was being adventurous and went for their special of the day which was a curry chicken wrap. Usually, that would be the last thing I would order from a sandwich shop. I normally only trust asians to make curry anything. lol. I wasn't very hungry so I thought, if it was bad I wouldn't be so disappointed. To my surprise, it was very tasty. I thought the curry flavor would be too strong and overpower the taste of everything else but it wasn't. The wrap was stacked with massive amounts of flavorful moist chicken. Yummm... I also like how you can choose what flavor wrap you want.I love their french onion soup here. It's rich and very flavorful. They make their own croutons and somehow they stay toasty even after I take it to-go and make it back to work. Theres also a lot of black pepper in the soup... my kind of style, I don't have to add any myself ;)I haven't paid much attention to pricing. One time I went and got a  wrap, soup and iced tea and paid a little over $7. Another time I got the same thing and paid a little over $11. *Shrugs* still fair value at both prices with the amount of food you get, but of course the $7 something is better. lol
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2011,12/31/2011,135,778,9,9,9>This is not a toy store for children.  This is a toy store for grown men who collect small, plastic figurines (yes, I said figurines) molded to resemble characters from their favorite movies and TV shows. This may sound odd to some of you but believe me there are more of them out there than you think. If the toys are new, they may claim that they are an investment and that they will be valuable someday; if old they say they want something that they loved as a child to be passed on to their own children for that sense of nostalgia.  Either way, all lovers of toys and action figures will be well satisfied by this place.Their selection of comic book based figures was fairly limited but they did have some of the more obscure characters so that was nice.  Lots of "Star Wars" of course but I was surprised no Lego versions.  They had some "Pirates of the Caribbean", "Lord of the Rings" and "Harry Potter" stuff that was pretty cool.  Also TV shows like "Battlestar Galactica" and "Buffy".  I got a cool zombie toy based on the AMC's show "The Walking Dead".  They even had "retro" toys from "Terminator" and "Back To The Future".  Awesome!!!They did have some truly collectable pieces behind the counter for the big bucks but I am not into that at all.  Most of their items were very reasonably priced.  They even had used toys in bargain bins.  I got a ziplock bag full of dinosaurs for my nephews for just a dollar.  You can't beat that.  They did have gift cards available so that was a big plus, too!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,12/30/2011,281,41,14,20,17>This update is LONG overdue. Mabel's has become one of my favorite spots and is a solid part of my nightlife rotation. With that said, it has also become the cause and center of many drunken stories! And we all know drunken stories are the best stories...but this is about Mabel's, not my shenanigans. :) Music, whether live or spun by a DJ is always stellar. Makes me shake my groove thang and want to party like it's 1999! Service, every visit aside from my first has been top notch. Twice I've had table service with Holly as our server. She is amazing! They really take care of you when you have a group/event. Greg, the manager always addresses me by name and says hi when I'm there. Pure class. Also, they have some hotties working there I love to flirt with. (Yes, I'm talking about you, Silas...I may not have twitted you but I Yelped you! ;)Drinks/Food, fantastic. They have great bubbly here. And bubbly cocktails. Yum. Of course they have all the top shelf liquor. Bottle service is phenomenal. They get creative with your drinks for you if you want and we had this grey goose/soda/ginger drink that was major yum. I've only tried a few of the items on the menu (deviled eggs, scallops, and something else I can't recall, too much bubbly! hehe) but they were all delish and perfect for snacking. I was told they revamped their menu and I have yet to try the new items but look forward to it! Now that the weather is cooler, they have started really enforcing dress code. You see a lot of guys in suits and ladies wearing their Saturday night best. Just the way I like it! I can't say enough good things about this place. If you haven't been to Mabel's, you are really missing out. Your Scottsdale nightlife will not be complete until you pay them a visit.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,12/29/2011,892,390,7,13,6>I wanted breakfast for lunch & they delivered beautifully :)The food is simple & understated, but still yummy. The atmosphere is casual & cool. I literally do mean cool, lol!  The shades are drawn & lighting is low, which is awesome when you're basically suffering from heat stroke just by walking from the your car to the restaurant door, which was only about 5 steps! Service is friendly, but during lunch they do get really busy so expect to wait your turn.They have breakfast specials from 7 am to noonish (ask them for the exact times) BUT they do serve breakfast all day :)
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2011,12/28/2011,209,322,5,6,7>You don't need me to write a story since as you can see from the other two hundred and something reviews that this place clearly rocks. Classy, sexy, tasty, delightful, scrumptious, romantic, plush...it's the type of place that makes you want to walk around with an expensive glass of cognac..Which we did...Lover said the crab cakes here where the best he had ever had, calamari was on point. They have a goat cheese spinach salad that makes my mouth water and the steak was juicy, tender and cooked exactly how we ordered it.Love!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,12/27/2011,300,261,2,9,6>I never made it to Lisa G's but my visit to The Main Ingredient made me forget that. Simple Menu, some apps, salads and sammies. I ordered Sophie's Salad, easily made vegan with no cheese and no onion,......field greens, local tomatoes, artichoke hearts, fresh mozzarella, red onion, toasted pine nuts & fresh basil tossed in balsamic vinaigrette. I don't often get excited about salads but I was pleasantly surprised at the generous portion. It was dressed better than me and LOADED with artichokes, tomatoes, toasted pine nuts and basil. There was no skimping on toppings or fishing through the greens for the goods, every bite was magic in my mouth. I will be craving that salad in the near future and they've got a Veggie sandwich that I'd like to try as well. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,8/14/2011,73,136,5,6,4>Amare Stoudemire used to eat here when he was playing for the Suns; you may disagree with his move to the Knicks, but you should trust his judgement in burgers. The Delux signature burger is pretty awesome, but I'm going to be real: I like the grilled cheese or the hot dog much better than the burgers. Even better than either of these are the sweet potato fries with aeoli sauce!The service is fantastic! The waiters are some of the nicest I've ever met. Try to get Brad if you can!Delux is open late, so it is the best place to go for food after a long night at the bars or clubs!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/13/2011,741,230,4,5,4>Just moved not too far away from here and decided to come in for brunch on Sunday. The place is cute as can be and I love that you can see what's going on in the kitchen. The service here was superb, very friendly and helpful, made my dining experience even better. Their brunch menu is very basic, but let me tell you, they are cooking this food right!! I had the monster egg sandwich with egg over medium, provolone, and the most delicious sausage served on a giant pretzel bun...mmmmm!!! They are making this sausage themselves folks, they aren't messing around. My husband had the " Before & After", this consisted of eggs, potatoes, and a grilled chicken breast...all was perfectly cooked and yummy. Also filled up on the $10 mimosa pitcher, really hit the spot.I will definitely be back here again and again.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,8/12/2011,231,476,9,17,8>To my utter surprise, this place is fantastic. I'll be honest in the fact that these holes in the wall scare me a bit since I have no idea what to expect. I have driven by this seafood spot for a couple of years and always laughed at the name. Last night, I was in the mood for Mexican and the hubby in the mood for seafood and something healthy. I really wanted chips and guacamole, which by the looks of the menu, they do not sell. No matter as I am always a sucker for some ceviche. There were seafood dishes galore and prices ranging from inexpensive (my small shrimp ceviche $5) to mixed seafood dishes for $18. Some of the more expensive dishes are offered as a daily special which can save you a few bucks on certain days. Our food came with tostada shells and per my request, avocado on the side ($2). It was a small whole avocado cut in half so very fresh. My ceviche was awesome, especially with the avocado. My husband had a crabmeat tostada and I was amazed at the amount of crabmeat piled on the top. My husband felt there was a 1/4 pound of crab meat on that thing. The food felt and tasted very fresh, too. Again, this spot was great. I tried to drop subtle hints to go back tonight but the husband wasn't having it. Maybe I'll try again tomorrow or the next day, or the next day.....
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,8/11/2011,848,353,13,16,13>It's the middle of January and 75 degrees out.  While there's no shortage of things to do outside, there aren't many dog-friendly places for that where you can sit down and eat.Jacqui J and I took out doggies to the dog park.  They're bruthas, you see, and hadn't hung out in awhile.  We had MLK day off together and spend the afternoon together.  Trying to decide where to eat with the pooches, I thought of TMI because I had seen so many people recently check in on Yelp.  Their patio is pretty big and mostly shaded.  This wasn't a day to be too concerned about shade, since it wasn't hot out.  I read the reviews ahead of time and already knew what I wanted before I even got there.  I was happy to have to take home a doggie bag, too.  I got the olives, red goat salad and the mac and cheese.  I will eat anything that includes green chiles in it.  Anything.  A few varieties of olives were served wtih fresh herbs and a dash an oil & vinegar.  I love all olives and don't always buy them for home, so it was a real treat.  They came in a little bowl, but there were about 20 of them.  The red goat salad was perfect: tons of pistachios on it, big chunks of goat cheese and strawberries.And den...and den...the mac and cheese, generously stuffed with chopped green chiles, ooey-gooey melted cheese that was crusty on the edges, the way it's supposed to be.I'll be back with Dexter.  They gave him a treat.  Oh, and my meal was treat.  I'm burping up the leftovers as I type this.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,8/10/2011,50,114,5,6,3>I am really, really loving this new restaurant and must admit I am kinda addicted.  That being said, this review is probably a little altered.  Honestly, I am not sure what I love the most. I have been there three times now, from a weekday to a Happy Hour and I haven't had any issue with parking.  The wait for a seat was minimal, and the patio was inviting as the bar was fun, and the tables are sooo cozy.  The cocktails are GREAT. I am addicted to the one with Ginger, but I can't remember the name of it.  I love the wine being on tap, it's eco-delicious.  I enjoy the company of everyone at the restaurant and I seem to see people I know there most often. The bartenders are a delight, they introduce themselves and talk a lot about the menu and choices, etc.  Even the owner/manager person (whoever she was) came by and asked what we thought of the meals, drinks, atmosphere, etc.  I also love the wall of tapes, and watching families bike in and get ice cream and sit in the floral decor of the comfortable patio with cute kids...very inviting. I could see bringing a date here (alas I am married now, so my date is my hubby), but I would also bring my parents and my son here.  I loved the Halibut, the Kale Salad, the snacks, the Sausage Sandwich and I can't wait to go again and try more.  With the closing of Bomberos/Verde/My Florist, the burning of Richardsons,  the crowds at Postino, the valet only at the Vig, the lack of fresh salads at the Garage, cold (warm) food at Local Breeze and the disappointing service at Arrogant Butcher - this place moved quickly up to a top choice for dinner and drinks.  Move over Hula's, SENS, Hanny's, TMI, Rokerij and CIBO! :-)
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,8/8/2011,129,55,4,15,11>Chakra easily gets 4 starts in my book because if I try to access the website at work it is blocked - "The Websense category "Supplements and Unregulated Compounds" is filtered." You know it's got to be good stuff if it's filtered at work, all the best stuff is filtered at work.Onto the cafe...I should really visit Chakra more often. It's actually healthy Vegan food, usually when I head out we are going for more of the junk Vegan food variety but for 2011 maybe I will make some changes.....maybe not. The food is great, I had soup and the their version of a quesadilla. Everything had great flavor and wasn't heavy on anything besides the good healthy stuff. Place is very chill and waitstaff was great.My only complaint being that when I entered I was not sure if I was supposed to seat myself or wait to be seated. I stood there for a few minutes like some protein deficient vegan moron and subsequently got ignored a few times till I finally just asked and was seated. Also, everything appears to be healthy here and they make it a point to tell you on the menu, yet they also make it a point to exclude ALL soy products but they have dairy products??! What?! Ok, not all soy products are created equal and there isn't much concrete evidence surrounding this great soy debate anyway. You won't lose me as a customer but I wouldn't mind if there was some organic tofu or tempeh on the menu either. Just know I am laughing inside that you are including dairy products but excluding soy and I will drop it. In total I guess that is two complaints.Don't let my minor annoyances discourage you (most of my annoyances are relateable by .5% of the population), this place is solid with solid healthy food. I would not give it 4 stars if it wasn't. Go eat and enjoy.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/7/2011,40,72,3,11,5>Ok, if you judge a Vietnamese restaurant based on the number of people from that culture who patronize the establishment, why not apply the same principle to other places?Strangely enough, you CAN judge Le Chalet by the same standards. No joke, last night there were people sitting at the bar conversing in French, and an entire large family came in chatting happily away, again in French. I definitely take those things as a good sign. In fact, the chef himself was French. Clearly, something good is going on there.Can I just say, yum? I've never been to a French restaurant, so this was a completely new experience for me. Their menu offers an assortment of crepes, wraps, salads, and fondue. I ordered the Mont St. Michel wrap, which was smoked salmon, romaine lettuce, tomatoes, and this great dill spread. It came with a small salad dressed in a lovely honey mustard vinaigrette. It was fantastic! Fresh and complex tasting. I enjoyed every bite. I also ordered the ratatouille and shared with my friend. It was delicious as well.For dessert, I ordered the salted caramel crepe. AH-MAY-ZING! It had toasted almonds and fresh whipped cream. If it was socially acceptable, I would have licked the plate clean. So good!Our waiter was Scotty, blissfully unpretentious, refusing to affect a French pronunciation of anything, and overall affable. He did a great job. A great experience! I know where my birthday dinner's going to be...
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,8/6/2011,236,133,5,6,6>My home away from home. I write some keyword blogs for a living so I need someplace to work. I go here and try to look like I am working on a script instead because the hipster girls like that.The baristas are all lovely ladies (Except Joreal [sp?] but he is cool as shit so I let it slide).The coffee is divine. The place is hip and you will run in to myself and/or Wayne almost daily and that's cool right?
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,8/5/2011,398,837,10,11,11>Last night I was in the mood for a burger, but wanted to try someplace different.  Did a search on yelp, and found that Two Hippies just opened a location here in my hood!  I've heard such good things about them from thier Phoenix location that I had to give them a try.The place is small, but warmly decorated hippie style.  Family friendly, with plenty of games on the tables for adults and kids to play.  They have a nice menu of Breakfast items, Tacos, burgers and a few homemade desserts as well.The gal at the counter was wonderful! So friendly and helpful.  She checked on me to make sure my food was good throughout the meal.  I went with a hamburger, fries and a drink.  They seem to have an awesome lemonade selection here, but I stuck with a Sprite myself.I will be back in the future, as i was happy overall with the food and experience here.  Next time I will probably try the tacos.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,8/4/2011,37,777,14,18,17>I noticed this place getting good reviews on Yelp and decided to try them out yesterday for lunch.I had the Long Trail which is roast beef on sourdough with a bunch of other stuff in it.  The sandwich was huge and tasted great.  Next time I think I'll ask them to toast the bread which, for me, would make it better.They have a nice patio outside in front which is great now that the weather is getting nice.All their sandwiches look good and I'll be back to try a few more.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/15/2014,148,188,8,8,7>Well...the search is over.  After many miles and years of travel...the tastiest bbq in The Valley of the Sun...dare I say...the Southwest? Well, it's here.I have to say, before I go on...do not plan on going after 1:00pm...you may not get to try it all!  This place is the epitome of Texas style BBQ.  The brisket is smoked to absolute perfection, the sausage is seasoned cooked to that just right "bite".  The jalapeno cheese grits...well, just eat them and expect to be craving them in the middle of the night!  They have pork, ribs, brisket, sausage, turkey, tater salad, BOTTLED COCA COLA...and...what makes it the cream of the crop...SMILES on their faces as they serve up all of this absolute goodness.  These guys really know what they are doing...no doubt!  The fact that nothing is sauced is what drew me in.  I prefer to sauce my own meat.  (I went there!) and the 3...yes only 3 sauces are ALL delicious! I COMMAND you to try the mustard based sauce...holy amazeballs!  Glorious!We even got a mini tour of the 850 gallon smoker that they use and got a peek inside of the next day's offerings.  Let's be honest...I could go on for hours about how amazing this place is.  But I will let you decide for yourself...get back to me!  Oh...and if you go...tell Travis that Ella sent you.  However, even though my name is pronounced like Ella Fitzgerald's name...say it as in the spanish word "ella" (A-ya"  He'll get a kick out of it!) I think??
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,7/14/2014,100,799,9,20,15>= = = = = =  TACOS ATOYAC LIVES AGAIN!!  = = = = = =YAY!  The menu and prices remain the same as before and the only thing missing is Big Dan.  New management (Chef Pablo and his wife) have already gotten the heating and cooling of the place under control by adding a new mini-split heat pump so it won't be freezing inside in winter and roasting in summer!     :-))Today I went with an Asada (Grilled Beef) Taco ($1.25), a Pescado (Fish) Taco ($2.00) and a Tamale de Rez (Beef) ($2.00). Sides of grilled onion, a grilled Jalapeño, half a Key Lime, plus cups of Salsa Verde and Guacamole Sauce were included, gratis...  just as before.This was delicious and inexpensive meal, so long live Restaurant Atoyac Estilo Oaxaca!     :-))
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,7/13/2014,295,473,6,11,7>I definitely love jerk chicken - this is my third review of a restaurant serving jerk chicken. This restaurant is actually the closest to my house - just about a mile away, but I had never been there until I located it on the Yelp mobile app. The restaurant is located in a shopping center, right up front facing Arizona Avenue. Plenty of parking and good seating inside. They had reggae music playing and it was a comfortable environment while waiting. The woman behind the counter was very friendly and helpful. I ordered the jerk chicken to go. She said they also had homemade ginger beer, so I ordered one while waiting on the food. The drink was an immediate strong hit of ginger, but settled into a nice refreshing drink.I ate the chicken when I got home. I ordered it with a side of plantains and rice/peas. She was just baking the plantains when I ordered. Those were the first bite, and they were wonderful! the rice was good, then I went for the chicken. Wow! It was the spiciest I have ever had. Two bites in and my nose was running and I had hiccups. I loved it. It was a good portion and I ate  every bit of it.With this restaurant just down the street and my experience with my first order. I definitely will be back. It would be nice with the spacious seating and good music to sit back with a ginger beer, relax, and eat it there next time. I will definitely be back.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,7/12/2014,643,475,49,51,51>Grassroots rates 3 1/2 stars for me but I'll round up with 4 stars for this review. They serve the beer ice cold which I love. I started off with the appetizer of the pulled pork sliders which were delicious. For the main course I had the sliced brisket with some funky side to it which was forgettable as far as I'm concerned. They don't give you enough BBQ Sauce so you have to ask for more. The brisket was just okay for me, and for what they were charging it should have tasted much better.The service was decent. This place is a great alternative if you ever get stuck waiting in line at that hip pizza place across the way. I would definitely come back and try some other menu items. Just when I thought it was safe to carry the Discover Card I find out that this place doesn't accept it. I think the Discover Card was rolled out in the mid 1980's. Hey Grassroots, if you want to be that upscale and sophisticated go to restaurant and bar then you'll have to accept all major credit cards.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,7/11/2014,204,61,10,12,9>I could probably get my elite status revoked for saying this...but it dawned on me that as much as I've eaten here over the years I have never reviewed Valle Luna. Valle Luna is one of those places you just kind of take for granted. Like a sweet guy who maybe isn't exactly your type and is in the friend zone and  is always around until he disappears and then you are like "Where'd you go?". My analogy isn't the best,,,but I know what I mean!So it always makes me smile when people "tell" me about Valle Luna. "There's this good little Mexican place on Cave Creek"...."Oh...Valle Luna?"...."Yes!"Valle Luna is a place where I have had many a happy hour and super casual dinner. I prefer the cantina as I feel the service is slightly better in there...(not that I have had poor service in the restaurant it is just "happier" in the cantina.) Like my daughter told me just last night when I pointed out I like the cantina better...She said, "Yeah...the restaurant is for old people". I replied with "Yeah, and we are NOT old", which is funny because...well...I am actually old and was appreciative that my daughter didn't point that out like she normally does.I love their seafood taco dinner with cod as well as their steak tacos. I also love that you can substitute calabicitas for the rice/beans. That gives Valle Luna a star right there. They have a really good Happy Hour menu too.So if someone mentions a Mexican place they want to go to on Cave Creek-by all means check it out!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/10/2014,158,111,4,11,7>Great place to spend about 3 hours or so helping out exotic animals in need.I've been here before, years ago, but they have expanded and added at least 25 acres of Safari area ( the Lions were awesome!) and another 25 acres planned for the new Adventure area.After reading all the negative reviews, that mostly complained about the prices, all I can say is this:"Yes, it gets expensive quickly, but I can honestly say that the animals and grounds looked much better kept than they did in my previous visits."If I were spending that kind of money years later and saw little to no improvement, then I would be a 1 star reviewer too, but since the money seems to be better managed these days, I will make more of an effort to come out here more often.Pros:Excellent selection of sea life ( 2 legged sea turtle was my favorite) Restaurant (Dillon's) attached (BONUS!)Giraffe feedingKoi feedingKangaroo AreaLion HabitatFriendly Cockatoo's (1 kept saying "Hello" to us) Baby AnimalsLots of monkeys (although I saw a plastic spoon in one of their habitats, BAD monkeys!)PenguinsGIANT Python!OttersSea LionsCons:Expensive
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/9/2014,602,328,7,18,17>Jt's Bar & Grill is exactly what I have been looking for in the Valley! Neighborhood dive bar where everyone seemed to know each other, insanely friendly service (shout out to Kerri!) and killer bar food and chicken wings of epic proportions! I am a chicken wing connoisseur, and frankly Jt's may have the best chicken wings I have EVER had! They deep fry those baby's, sauce em and throw them on the grill. They have several choices of sauces the best was the works which featured all of their sauces mixed together minus their suicide sauce which produced a delicious and not too spicy wing! I like my wings ultra spicy so I ordered a side of the Suicide sauce, which I personally loved - definitely spicy but not so that your mouth is on fire. Their wings will set you back $7.50 for a dozen ( Which makes me love this place more!). They have a pretty large beer selection on tap and every liquor you would want! This place is def going to be apart of my repertoire and it should be for you too!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,7/8/2014,234,226,14,22,20>Can't wait to come back to Vintage 95 for a date night!Very romantic atmosphere, lots of comfy furniture, and live music on weekends.Sarah R. and I tried a glass of the Coto de Hayas from Spain. Believe it was the Tempranillo Cabernet? Memory a little hazy, this was our last stop after a night of drinks. Would totally order the bottle, though. Their wine selection is pretty extensive, lots of $5/glass options, and I know within a certain timeframe, you get a charcuterie board if you purchase a bottle. Full bar for all those that aren't wine lovers. Throw this one in your back pocket for date night, guys!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,7/7/2014,155,176,13,18,16>I came here for the latest get together of the Breakfast Club. We usually get together on Saturday and not quite so early but this time we had to go Sunday because of other events and went early to beat the crowds. I didn't know it was a chain. Of course I had never even heard of it before but I'm glad I did. We sat outside I think because there were so many of us but it was great weather for it. I poked my head inside and it was very nice.Even though there were 14 or 16 of us, I lost count, our server did a great job. She was always checking on us and refilling drinks. Sure it took a little while but we were a large group. I like how they let you mix and match things to create just what you want. I got the blueberry pancakes and the French toast. I got the toned down French toast because I'm not a fan of coconut and something else that was on it. But it was still really good and so where the pancakes. I saw some good looking Benedicts around the table. I will have to try one of those next time because this time I was in the mood for pancakes then the French toast sounded really good too.I had a great time. Saw some Yelp friends that I feel like I haven't seen in a long time plus I got to sit next to one of my favorite Yelpers the beautiful Cheryl. I will definitely be back. I want to try some of the other things on the menu but the pancakes and French toast were great. I could not even finish the pancakes. They were huge but so good. I had to stop myself from eating more.Shout out to some Yelp friends: Meagan B, it was nice to met your stunt double lol your Mom, and Jennifer O and her husband and the staples of any great Yelp event Jon H. and Amy H. See you guys later.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/6/2014,231,1069,28,31,30>I have been to this restaurant on several occasions, including my most recent experiences with their brunch menu. The atmosphere was much more upbeat in the morning than their dinner hours. Facing the street was the open bar accompanied by the sunny patio. On this Sunday, the lazy sunshine was slowly triggering through its rustic interior. I highly recommend their Eggs Benedict ($13). My dish came with perfectly poached eggs, English muffin, hollandaise sauce, crispy potatoes, and smoked salmon. The thick cut smoked salmon was delicious and not too salty. The thick gooey hollandaise sauce added refinement to the fantastic doughy texture of the English muffin. There was great purpose, balance and distribution of flavors. The potatoes were lightly salted and quite addictive. It had all the elements I was looking for in a benedict. I also enjoyed the Fall Squash Risotto ($13) served with crispy pork belly, squash, parmesan, rosemary honey, and risotto. The pork belly was nicely marbled to provide a nice contrast to the perfectly executed risotto. I wished this dish could come with more squash to accompany the risotto, but otherwise it's a dish I'd order again.The Farmer's Market Frittata ($10) was really fantastic too. It came with oyster mushrooms, asparagus, cheddar, arugula, tomato, and other seasonal vegetables layered on top of the omelet. The combination of veggies was fresh and the range of diverse flavors further complicated the omelet at the bottom. It's a lighter alternative than the benedict, but we still had plenty of leftover to take home.The dishes that did not live up to my expectations were the Cinnamon Roll ($5) and the Iron Skillet Pancake ($8). The Cinnamon Roll was expensive but also humongous and good to share. It tasted dry, bread-like, and lacked the full on moisture that I prefer in a cinnamon roll. It's a novelty and highly visible at every table, but unfortunately not something I'll be ordering again. The Iron Skillet Pancake came with olive oil, dark chocolate, berry compote, whipped cream, and maple syrup. The price was too steep for a single pancake. The pancake was easy to cut into until the sticky crispy outer ring. The berry compote was overwhelming the dark chocolate, but it was still a decent pancake without the expected wow factor.My dining companion did not enjoy the coffee, so it's not something I would recommend. Service can be inconsistent, but friendly and responsive when you have their attention. There's not a lot of innovative breakfast and brunch restaurants in the Phoenix area, so St. Francis is a solid option for those looking for conventional wisdom with a twist of refinement. The other downside to the experience was parking. They have a small lot, and the required valet can be frustrating as you wait for your car when it is parked right in front of you. With all considered, 3.5 stars for the overall experience. I'd be interested in coming back for dinner.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,12/14/2009,380,36,57,27,51>Last Saturday, I went to Char's BarBecause it wasn't very farRiding bitch on a scooterIn a mini skirt barely covering my cooterThis was my first timeWhich should've been a crimeCuz' this place was poppin'My booty was droppin'My head be boppin'Where all the ez katz are flockin'Drop, pop the collar lockin'All shades of colors hoppin'To the beats that be rockin'$6.00 was the door feeStiff drinks? Yes please!Shots of Patron I was takin'In hopes of later dirty baby makin'And even morning breakfast serving bacon?Only complaint is the restroomVery slimy, tiny, and grimyShe sang with soul and funkNothing dull or bunkDamn, I'm gettin' drunk!Singing some James BrownThe crowd was gettin' doowwwnnnNo one with a frownUp in this Blue's townI danced and got jiggyFlirted like Miss PiggyWith all this funUnder the sunI was doneBut I'll definitely be backReady to attackThis place was so coolNot at all whackEyes were closing shutBaby making, what? What?Not tonight, don't wanna to fightCan barely stand with all my mightLosing sightGooooooood night!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,12/13/2009,300,261,11,8,9>Sometimes I like it Hot and Dirty, and no one gives it to me better than Kyle and Chad. I'm talking Chai's people, get your mind outta the gutter! ;-) Seriously you need to try a Dirty Chai Latte!And if your not the type to want to hang around for meaningless small talk after you get it dirty, they have a drive thru for your convenience!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,12/12/2009,502,173,6,14,14>I love South Mountain...   okay lover moment aside...What do you want to do?-- Hike? cool tons of trails for ya from easy to hard...-- Bike? road or mountain, we got both for ya.  Mtn goes from flat very fast trails to very very technical XC rides to some killer downhill/vert stuff.  Road has great views and one sunday/mo they shut road down to motors so get a wide open road all to yourself-- Views?  heck yes, you'll have to hike a bit if you want distance but if you're looking for nature - tons here and plenty of places to get away from ppl traffic also to have a very quiet place to sit and think.Funny thing about South... is it seems almost everybody has their own favorite place to go while there.  The low flat trails get a little busy but that's easy stuff, if you want to be alone work a little bit and you get away from 95% of the traffic. Everybody seems to have a "secret" spot too they like to hike and get away... I've got one that my buddy and I know of that when we get up there... there's a point at which we keep going and we've only seen like 2 other ppl go that far back into the canyons... so it's always a very peaceful run and can even look down onto the main trails and watch people down there too.South is great... I need to mess around more on the west side of the mountain but I live in Ahwatukee so I'm on the east side and just ride over there.They do close some of the lesser known trails from time to time to get the wildlife back in and get some growth back in, and other than once getting lost on a close trail I've never had issues.The park rangers I've met there are always nice, always asking how the trails were and making sure ppl are safe.Probably not the smartest idea, but I love to run when there's a storm rolling in... just love going out there and thinking and being alone...
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2009,12/11/2009,189,498,9,12,10>3.5 stars, this is one of the rare occasions I decided to round up instead of down.After having a couple of Papusas at restaurant #3 on Central during the art walk I had been meaning to get back and try some more stuff.  So today I finally decide I am willing to make the drive over from Glendale and check the website and realize this location is really much closer.  I gave up the opportunity to try the buffet, which is only at the #3 location, for the convenience of the shorter drive.This location is at the end of a strip mall in a part of town where English is not necessarily spoken or understood.  I walk in to the well lit and brightly painted restaurant and am greeted by the waitress, bus person, cashier.  It goes like this;her:HolaMe: Hiher: Habla Espanol o Ingles?me: I don't speak Spanishher: (look of horror in her eyes as she realizes we will not communicate well) Are you taking out or eating here? (In Spanish)me: (the only word I understood was aqui) I am eating here and points to row of tables.her: Waves me to toward a row of tables, obviously inviting me to pick one.She brings me a menu and points out the Papusas and I point to one of the entrees, not having read the descriptions, on the menu and ask of those things with the entrees are also Papusas and she informs me they are tortillas.I ordered onion chicken ($9.95)and a medium Horchata ($1.75).  In El Salvador Horchata is made from Morro seed rather than rice which gives it a different flavor than the more common version found in Mexican places.  Let me assure you it is still a tasty drink.  I thought the chicken breast was a bit tough but it was quite tasty.  The meal comes with rice, beans and tortillas all of which are different than their Mexican counterparts.  The tortillas are the same biscuity type used to make Papusas and are really great at sopping up the juices from the onions and sauce.I left full and happy.  I never heard a word of English spoken in the building but it did not provide any barriers to ordering/eating.  We each understood just enough of each others language to communicate.  When I went to pay the bill there was a manager in the door way to the kitchen and it was my guess she was bi-lingual and could have translated.  There was a steady usage of about 4-5 tables the whole time.  While Salvadoran food is not real common in the states it certainly rates an additional choice to add to the list of ethnic restaurant options.  And it is affordable.  There were several items on the menu without meat.  If you are gong to use an online menu the PDF version is much more accurate as to description but you will want to print it out as it is sideways on the monitor.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2009,12/10/2009,742,648,6,14,10>When they say neighborhood, they aren't kidding, literally in the Coronado residential neighborhood at 12th street and Oak, the restaurant lives in an old building that once housed the Arizona Showmen's Association. The rehab has been lovingly restored by its owner DJ Fernandes who is also not by coincidence an architect. When pulling up you can see such attention to detail and design from the concrete stamped handicapped spot, to the interesting lights and exterior brushed stainless door pulls. When entering the building be sure to check out the signage made up of letter building blocks, clever and grounding. Rehabilitation like this helps make the Phoenix area so interesting and original.The inventive menu was designed by DJ, his girlfriend Jessica Ruiz and chef/consultant Mitch Hoverman, who interestingly also opened Palette. The idea is to share plates amongst a group of friends, though you can easily put together a traditional 3 course meal if that is what suits you best. We opted to share our plates so we could try as many as possible. To best describe the menu it would be eclectic, with Creole, French and Spanish twists. There are 3 sections to chose from, Start, Smaller Plates and For Sharing, the menu is accessible and interesting.Starting things out, while the grilled baguette ($5) might sound ordinary, its crispy and light goodness comes from Simply Bread. Accompanied is a whole head of roasted garlic and finished with Bariani olive oil. The Bariani is essentially liquid gold with its grassy mild and pure unfiltered flavor. If there is any left in the bowl when you're done don't let the waiter take it away, it's to precious to be wasted and will taste great on just about anything. Together with the nosh plate ($7) it's all about simple clean flavors. Salted melon, Molinari &amp; Sons salami, manchego cheese and toasted pistachio's were so delicious it was hard to share though there was plenty for all. Panko walnut-crusted fontina ($6) was perfectly crunchy and with each bite the melted strands of the fontina cheese were delightful and satisfying. Patatas bravas ($5) are classic tapas however the Tuck version turns potato cubes into long thick planks served along side of 2 dipping sauces. The planks were lightly crispy and well seasoned, though dipped into the aioli and the spicy tomato sauce together was good, love came from dipping into the remaining Bariani olive oil.Working into the Smaller Plates menu, the panini bites with prosciutto ($9) were so good we were squabbling over the last piece. A nice slab of ciabtta bread stuffed with grilled pear, taleggio cheese, arugala and honey was a sweet and savory combo that has to be tasted and savored. Order 2, one for the table and another wrapped up to go for lunch the next day. Another contrasting sweet and savory small plate would be the medjool dates stuffed with chorizo and topped with melted gruyere ($9). I've had many of stuffed dates, but never like this, spicy and sweet, chewy and meaty, very nice! The mac and cheese with crispy prosciutto, topped with breadcrumbs and lobster ($12) was sublimely creamy and tender, like a really good hug where you just melt into his arms, bury your face into his chest while you're enveloped in comfort and security. Who knew mac and cheese could make you feel so good?!Turning our attentions to the citrus-brined fried chicken ($17) was a sight to behold. 3 large, generously battered pieces of deep fried passion caused instant salivation. I have to say that this was the juiciest tenderest fried chicken I've ever had the pleasure of sinking into. The crunchy coating, the moist flavorful chicken and the slight citrus after taste were absolute perfection. Along side was a large white cheddar waffle, slathered in maple butter and a bowl of pork laden collard greens. The waffle had a light, fluffy and almost mashed potato consistency that was fork tender and soaked up the chicken juices easily. The collards were nice and porky with that slight bitterness only tempered by salt and sugar.  This plate was simply amazing!For the beef eaters there is a spiced skirt steak ($18) served with parmesan lentil mashed yukons and mushrooms, that was so hearty and delicious, I can't imagine having this anywhere else.There is usually only one way to finish a good meal like this and that's with my favorite self proclaimed food group, chocolate. We all tore into the chocolate brownie and almond cream ($7) with a vengeance. You could tell with each bite that this was no box mix, crackly shininess on top, moist and crumbly, this was a great brownie. If this is too much you will also a receive a 1 bite postre with your check. On this night it was raw chocolate chip cookie dough with a slathering of melted dark chocolate, happy ending!The stars are aligned for the Tuck Shop. With all of their elements in near perfect cohesion, this will soon be one of the coolest and freshest places to eat, drink, and of course share.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,12/9/2009,280,572,18,24,20>Brackin's is exactly what Scottsdale so sorely needs.  A nice, friendly neighborhood joint to grab a drink for less than $10.00 (way less) that is unpretentious, warm, and inviting.  You don't even need fake boobies or cougar attire to get in, although I doubt you would be turned away!  I came with my husband for the first time for a Yelp event organized by Donald S.  Our own Michael C was not behind the bar that night but enjoyed the evening with all us Yelpers and made sure Brackin's knew to expect us.  This place is small!  But with the two patios, we were set.  The owner, Doug, treated us like family.  Our server, Renee, ran her little butt off and we were never without a drink in hand.  And the best part, clean bathroom!!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2009,12/8/2009,285,121,24,21,21>I've been hesitant to review Lolo's. I know everyone creams their pants upon its mere mention, but I really don't. I don't like fried chicken at all, and I'm generally too hungover in the morning to eat anything besides a gallon of gatorade, so I was afraid my review might only be relevant to a specific audience. Namely: Me.But I wanted to review the Scottsdale location since I just went last weekend and have also been to the Phoenix location, so I figured the differences between the two might be worth pointing out. They both have good food, endearing servers, and awesome atmosphere. The differences are subtle, but noticeable. For instance, at the Phoenix location you get an ice cream scoop of warm, melty butter on your waffle. At the Scottsdale location you get a spoonful of cool, hard butter. I realize that waiting 5 minutes would solve this problem, but who has time to wait while there is a delicious breakfast pastry sitting right in front of your face?Basically, everything was just a little different. Though this may have been in part because Coda B. and I split a 3 piece and he stuck me with the thigh.  Bastard.  He liked the grits better here but again, I liked them better at the other location.  Main reason: Not enough butter. I am in a race against time and if you think I'm going to die as a 95 year old healthy person you have another think coming. All of my decisions shave years off of my life, and I wouldn't have it any other way.They did have an awesome little gospel band there because it was Sunday. So I left feeling that much closer to God. And not just because I felt like i might have a cholesterol induced heart attack at any moment. I would say if you're not generally a fried chicken fan, I don't think Lolo's will blow your mind. If you want an awesome breakfast experience go to the Lolo's in Phoenix. If they're too busy, come to this one.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,12/7/2009,1114,557,12,19,14>I really liked this place. It was clean, comfortable, and gooood. The only thing I do not like is the cash only and the $ can get expensive. I asked if I could try a couple of different things, so she made me a 2 meat combo. Basically two meals.... lol I had the Jerk Chicken and the Brown Stew with chicken. Rice and a lemonade. 16 bucks... lol There was enough food for 2 regular eaters and it was all excellent. They do not pick the meat off the bone so it looks like so much more then what you get. The discard pile was rather large. Not good for little kids. The girl who was there appeared to be a sister or daughter, and sang religious song while I ate. It was kinda cool. She was kind and checked in on me a few times willing to answer some questions but not as chatty as I had hoped. (I was the only person in there)
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,12/6/2009,215,519,8,18,12>I found out about Studio Vino while having a conversation about 30th bday presents for friends with a coworker. Here's how it went.Coworker: My sister's 30 birthday is coming up and we don't know what to get her. Any ideas?Me: As a matter of fact, I have a friend with a 30th bday soon and here's what I planned. It's sort of a "welcome to your 30s" tool kit, complete with khaki Capri pants, a belt clip for your cell phone, a pair of crocs and maybe a gift cert for a sensible hair cut that says "I don't need keep up with fashion because I'm 30 now and above all that."Coworker: Um...yeah.To dissuade me from my hilarious present, she then sent me a link to Studio Vino, where you can custom label any of the bottles of wine for special occasions such as birthdays, anniversaries, babies, weddings - whatever. So, you send them a picture of your parents, your sister, etc., come up with a name for your wine and maybe a tagline (I imagine "Just Keeps Getting Better With Age" is pretty popular). Then the owner designs a label using colors you request or she'll do it all on her own. All (including the wine) for like $15! Wow, what a unique gift with a quick turnaround (in my case 24 hours) for less than $20I made one for my mom for her bday. Since her dog is pretty special to her, I put his picture on the bottle, called the wine "Hair of the Dog" and made it "Draco's Special Reserve." Kari, the owner and the one who designs your labels, came up with a color scheme that complemented the image, and even made the "o" in "Draco" a paw print. Cu-u-u-te. Mom LOVED it and the gift was the hit of the party. Here's how it went down: I sent Kari my desired image and text via email Saturday at about 2p. She sent me three versions within an hour. I picked one and asked her to tweak the colors, she sent me the new version. I OK'd it and had the bottle in hand by 1p the next day.That being said, custom labeling is not the crux of this business, but is merely a convenient off-shoot of her very cool enterprise. At Studio Vino, you pay about $350 to make and bottle your very own case of wine. So, you choose a grape, spices, flowers, roots - whatever, mix it up, she barrels it at her studio for 75 days (or the allotted time). Then you come back in with up to six of your friends and have a bottling and label-making party - complete with food and music of your choice. You can do a half case for a little less, I believe.Pretty great, huh? Now go - be a bday hero and give the best present of all time!p.s. i'm still giving the hilarious welcome to your 30s tool kit present - it will just now also include the "real" present of a kick ass bottle of wine!
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2009,12/5/2009,1709,149,10,19,15>OOOOOOOHHH MY GOOOOOODNESS! This place is totally awesome. I somehow have walked and driven past this place 100s of times and never even noticed it was there! Its even in the same parking lot as my friends job which is also one of my favorite places to eat, Cheba Hut. Now that i have discovered it i will never ever forget it !So my lovely lady and i were planning on headin out tempe way for some errands we needed to run so we decided to yelp somewhere weve never been and grab a hopefully awesome lunch. So with a yelp search filtered by the best rated cornish pasty co immediately pulled up. With so many good reviews we figured it must be good and planned it into our day.After a action packed day of running around we were both quite starving by the time we walk in the place.First impressions oh man it smells good, its tiny, packed, and kinda warm in there.At this point im a little hesitant as im not the biggest fan of eating shoulder to shoulder with people i dont know. But the wonderfull aroma totally overwhelmed my social anxiety problems and we managed to snag a table for two, Perfect!Looking over the menu there are so many tantalizing options i almost dont know what to order but finally settled on the cajun for myself and a 20 oz rogue hazlenut brown. The lady got the porky and a boddingtons one of her faves. So at this point we are both allready pretty happy due to the good beer selection(I love smithwicks) and super friendly( and sooo tiny) waitress.We wait for a good min and do some people watching its allways humorous to me to watch the hipster crowd in its natural habitat.The food arrives! Hot flaky crust, juicy chicken, ham, crisp bacon, and a smooth swiss cheese make a hot pocket like nothing that will ever come out of your microwave. Delicious flavors, spicy chipotle sauce and a perfect passty crust make the cajun a real winner in my book (for winning cajuns see the waterboy) the porky was also good but a little heavy on the potatoes for my taste ,but, i dont really like potatoes. After polishing off our pasties we were quite stuffed but just could not pass up the peanut butter and jelly dessert pasty. The hottest gooiest pb&j ive ever had arrived with cream and a raspberry sauce drizzle it was absolutely fantastic and was the perfect end to a very savory meal.We will definitely be coming back here to try some of the other pasties as there were so many that looked good we had trouble picking just one. While neither of us ordered from it we both loved the fact that they had a vegetarian menu that was so extensive.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,6/17/2009,129,543,14,15,13>I should probably give in and up this review to 5 stars but I want to go back and right an update where I use LOADS of exclamation points, so I'll stick with 4 stars for today. That said: !!!!!!!!! and to follow up: yummmm. I stopped by for lunch and sat on the front patio which was perfect since the the sun was diffused, there was a breeze and I could eyeball other people's meals while I waited. My server was Sam who is probably the most gregarious server I've had in a long time. That was great because I was dining alone and he made me feel like I was not a loser. I ordered the Corn Gorditas ($9) and the Taro Fries ($7) and was pleased with both. My only regret was using the fries' two dipping sauces because it numbed my pallate a little in terms of appreciating the nuances of the gorditas, which were a little small for a $9 appetizer but all the same, very complete in their blend of flavors and textures. Then I took my meal to the next level by ordering dessert. I'm not sure "orgasm in my mouth" is a family-friendly term but nonetheless it applies to the pumpkin bread pudding ($6) I ordered. As if pumpkin needed any help, The Mission soaks it in a caramel sauce and sprinkles it with pepitas and pomegranate seeds after adding a heaping scoop of vanilla bean ice cream. orgasm.in.my.mouth. I only wished there were a few more pomegranate seeds tossed on there because their tart juice really contrasted beautifully. I tried not to moan out loud as I ate it. So the Mission isn't cheap, not by a long stretch, but what is created in that kitchen is culinary artwork, and combined with their very friendly staff and cozy atmosphere, I think the Mission is doing everything right.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,6/14/2009,116,57,12,16,14>Stopped by the other evening with Chrissy P. and Andrew K. after hiking North Mountain, at this point we were ready for a refreshing beverage and something to eat. We chose to sit on the patio since it was such a pleasant evening. Turned out that on Monday's Corbin's special is happy hour menu and pricing is available all night! *Bonus* I sampled the Sesame Crusted Seared Tuna - tasty and delicious with a great combination of flavors and textures. I am looking forward to return visits to sample other menu items.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,6/13/2009,56,28,3,8,7>I have been waiting.... for this place to open.  The newest addition to a quaint shopping center on Central that is bursting with fun shops.Lola Coffee is exactly what we needed.  Awesome layout with retro-modern furnishings (looks like stuff from Red Modern) this place has a great vibe.  It's like going over to your coolest friends ultra fun studio.  Me and my bf ordered an americano, latte, blueberry muffin and cinnamon coffee cake.  Coffee was great... of course it would be the owners really know their stuff.  Original owners of Lux and Lola's Tapas... they were both there and such gracious hosts.We sat down on a comfy couch in the back corner and enjoyed the artwork and liveliness of the crowd.  We skimmed a few magazines on the table.... something for everyone. The cinnamon coffee cake is a must try... I finished every last crumb.  Outside they have some patio seating complete with thoughtful hooks for your canine friends.  Can't wait to go back. I'll be the one with the little dachshund.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,6/12/2009,122,215,5,17,16>After much delay, Autostrada is finally open, surprisingly with little fanfare.   The couple we were meeting had trouble finding the new Italian osteria in DC Ranch.  Apart from a large red "A" vinyl on the doors, there was no other signage.  It's located at the intersection across from The Armitage.The menu is simple and straightforward at very palatable prices - nothing is over $18.  Food is encouraged to be shared family style.  All of which sounds like a great concept in a recessionary environment.None of the antipasti piqued our interest so we jumped straight to the pastas. Fettuccine with scallops and mushrooms ($17) and orchiette with pork sugo and peas.  The marscapone sauce on the fettucine was deliciously creamy although a touch heavy handed.  The pork sugo was a bit too sweet and the dish just fell flat for us.For the main, we shared the roasted sea bass with fennel and tomato ($16) and NY strip steak (pre-sliced for easy sharing) on potato and sunchoke puree.  Both were solid dishes.  Steak had great flavor but oddly it was not sliced across the grain and had a little gristle.Our favorites were the contorni (aka sides). The tiella - baked layers of eggplant, zucchini & tomato topped with parmesan was packed with flavor and delicious just as Gabi said.  The baby artichokes were fried to a nice crisp on the outside contrasting nicely with the tender interior.For dessert, we chose vanilla bean panna cotta with sliced strawberries and the marscapone tart with poached pears and spiced walnuts.  Again both were solid dishes.The interior has an industrial cool vibe to it with a long metal bench running along the wall and a stainless steel walled kitchen that runs across, separated by glass so you can get a full view of the action from most of the dining room.  There is an equal if not greater number of seating outdoors including tables for up to 8.Autostrada serves breakfast, lunch and dinner.  It is Chef Aaron May of Sol y Sombra, Over Easy and The Lodge fame's latest dining destination.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,6/11/2009,35,156,6,5,5>I liked walking into this bar.  I didn't feel like I was in Phoenix, it felt a bit more "city-like" than Phoenix bars.  The place has a great feel to it.  They also show movies, which I like considering ever since I've lived in AZ, I see sports at all bars and restaurants, which makes me sick.  I loved my drink here, I had the electric lemonade, which I kept calling the electric slide for some reason.  The bartender (owner?) was really nice.  But when my friends were ordering their drinks off of the specialty list, he kept saying, "I wouldn't get that, it's not good."  Although I love the honesty, how about putting GOOD drinks on the list instead.  Nice place, I'm sure I'll be back!  Nice touch with the mints in the bathroom.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,6/10/2009,27,19,8,18,12>This is my first review on Yelp so here you go...I love Yasu!!  This is by far the best sushi and authentic japanese restaurant in Phoenix.  I have been there numerous times and it never disappoints.  You have to try their Sumibiyaki which are items cooked over Japanese charcoal, last time I was there I had the beef tongue..sounds weird but its so goodNigiri/sashimi are a must.  They always have the best selection and daily special, most important...its always fresh...this is definately important!!  The sweet shrimp is my personal favorite and anything else you order, you will find the fish is sliced with great execution.  Request fresh chopped wasabi, you will never eat sushi with out it again!  Love this place!!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2008,6/9/2009,1313,191,15,25,18>Amazing!  From the first call to the time the installer left these people were great!   They installed a dog door through my block wall.  Not even a scratch on the paint or a bit of dust left behind.  (They ever bring their own vacuum cleaner!)Now my lazy ass doesn't have to get off the couch to let the dog out anymore.   It took my puppy about 2 hours before he figured it out and now he loves freedom.A little expensive, but it's so worth it.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,6/8/2009,164,512,9,12,11>Why 5 stars?Freakin' awesome Mexican food, and CRAZY cheap prices!So, I went a bit overboard (as always) in ordering.I just wanted to try so many different thingsssssI got:Cheese crisp with green chile strips and guacamoleMini green chile chimichanga1 cheese enchiladaSide order of refried beansChips and salsaAll that food... .$15And it ended up being way too much food.  WAY too much.I loved everything...EVERYTHING I SAY!And that's truly a rarity.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,6/5/2009,367,544,16,21,22>I take the light rail daily to get from my place in downtown Phoenix to ASU.  As far as public transportation goes this is pretty good.  For the most part the trains come in predictable 10 minute intervals.  I've only experience an extended wait once.  I have waited 40 minutes in -5 degree weather for a T in Boston.  20 minutes is nothing to me.  Having disruptions in service along the way goes with the territory of public transportation.  Heck, it goes with any sort of transportation.  To complain that it is loud is just silly...it's a TRAIN!  I find it to be incredibly quiet when compared to the subway in NY or the T in Boston. Its not some rickety old high speed line or glorified trolley car.Time wise and location wise its very convenient for me.  It takes me the same exact amount of time to get to campus as it would if I drove and it saves me $600 a year in a parking permit  I can take it to any number of local establishments, enjoy Happy Hour in Tempe without having to worry about a DD, and get myself to Chase Field in the summer when its too hot to walk.  (I live close enough where driving there is just plain dumb, but the 20 minute walk in 110 degrees is too much)  Which brings me to my next point, don't smoke crack.  Well not that, (but seriously, don't smoke crack) but I fully intend on using it in the summer.  I can endure standing outside for 10 minutes....if I can endure waiting for the T in a Boston winter, 10 minutes in a Phoenix summer is nothing. (And this will be my 3rd summer here so spare me the "you don't know the summer" lecture).The 11pm end time does kind of suck, but it was 12 in Boston so its not terribly shocking for me.  It means you may have to take a cab home.  Of course livery regulation leaves much to be desired in this city but that is a different review entirely.Now, I do think they could start to sell advertising inside, both for revenue and to give me something to look at.  I do wish the route maps were in better locations throughout the cars.  Placing them only in the middle means a large number of people (oh, like the entire rest of the car...) can't see them.  I also think the hand rails are awkwardly shaped.  The bike racks drive me nuts but I understand their purpose. But all in all I think it's a good start.  I'm happy to have it- I find it easy to use, clean, quiet and it gets me to where I want to go.  I would like some wifi for when I'm working on my laptop but hey, I'll take what I can get.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,6/4/2009,480,193,10,17,12>I call it Central Avenue Hiking Trail.  I've heard folks call this the Bridle Path, but there are a lot more running shoes and strollers than riding boots and saddles.NOBODY says Murphy Bridle Path, except maybe some grisly old dudes munching stogies and kicking out women at Phx Country Club."there are no brides either so all the times you see it referred to as Bridal Path is wrong. " Artur C.   ell oh ell 8^ DI really love this path.  I like going out into wilderness more than strolling through the city's center, but THERE'S SHADE ON THIS TRAIL !!!   Yea!If you were to go all heat stroke it wouldn't take a helicopter to extract you!   Yea!Lots of friendly people of various hobbies and fitness levels, and a Boy Scout troop (I cannot recall the name of to give credit to) has even continued to supply the doggie mitt boxes with real pick-up bags, even though the city of Phoenix has stopped supplying them to all of the dog parks.At the north end of the path, you are a little south of Dunlap ave, near Corbin's and Bombero's, and at a crossroads with the Trail going along the Canal.  You can park in the lot at Senior Villa Mexican Restaurant [*Edit: Formerly this mexican rest, but now the new Central Grille at 8525 N Central*].  If you want to start further south, then there are plenty of churches where you can prob park, but this restaurant is not open in the early part of the day, so even on weekends, this is a nice place to park.  Lock up!  Despite your surroundings, and those even more posh further to the south, you are only a 5 minute walk from downtown Sunnyslope. On the southwest side of the canal, there's a house with it's back wall bordering the canal path.  The folks here have built a few Guard Towers for their little dog, and s/he gets to runs up the steps to see over the wall and bark at whomever is going by.  NEAT and FUN for that dog, but was a little distracting to my dogs, who wanted to eat that yappy little....)Only trouble I had: once you're down the road a bit further south on Central, you are moving past various houses, estates, and condominiums, and are no longer near any of those restaurants up near Dunlap, however there is a distinct odor of DIRTY SPENT FRYER GREASE all up and down the path.  I wonder if the city sprays a petroleum product on the unpaved path to keep dust down?  I hope not; they did that on my street as a kid in Detroit, and anyone who walked on it barefoot got blisters, cracking, and peeling skin.  Blech!  Even if I lived near here, I'd rather have the dust, and I don't want that on my dogs feet, either. One reason I'd use this path in the summer is that with all the nice sized shade trees, you don't need to get your dog booties.  Pick up after your dogs.  What's with the people who tie it up in a baggie, but then leave the baggie?
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,3/11/2010,596,450,28,29,32>I have a dark and shameful past...Yelp is probably that best place for me to let it all out and begin the healing:)Before I became the humble software marketing genius that I am today, I was a suit...a corporate stooge...I wasn't workin' for the man...in most cases, I was the man:)During that time of my life, I picked up some very unsavory habits...including one of the most unsavory habits ever visited on self-important executives...fountain pens:)God help, me...I still love them so:)I still have every one of them and I still use them with regularity (I know, I make my living with the keyboard...more or less...but when I write for pleasure, it's usually on a fine Rhodia #19 graph pad, with one of my 73 lovely "writing instruments":)There is something both soothing and exciting about the flow of ink on fine paper...sometimes, it's the only way to get a really coherent sentence together:)Some of my pens, I can refill from my inkwell, but many require cartridges...cartridges that they don't always sell at Staples or Office Depot...That's when I set off for the far reaches of Old Town Scottsdale and swing by Scottsdale Pen Company...home of all things pen:)It's like a head shop, but for a different kind of addiction:)What a gorgeous and glorious selection of truly marvelous writing instruments, writing instrument related paraphernalia and objet d'art:-)They have the cousins to my Mont Blanc's, the younger brothers and sisters of my beautiful Parkers and Waterman's and Sheaffer's...they even have the utilitarian antecedents of my everyday Lamy's and Rotring's:)They have beautiful new Acme's, Pelikan's and Pilot's and mechanical pencils, like my Faber-Castell Fat Boy:)Oh, and the paper...lovely leather bound journals and tablets, beautiful Rhodia tablets from France...I get goosebumps! :-)Finally, they have ink...lots and lots of ink...in cartridges, in bottles...and I need ink!They had cartridges for my Cross and my Rotring, when I thought I was going to have to go to Colorado Pen or something...so glad I didn't have to go that route:)It was definite "win" for me...I get to support a wonderful local business...I got to "use" a bunch of new pens (try that at Pink's)... and I got a whole new place to hang out and indulge my pen fantasies...at least until they get the restraining order:-)
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,3/10/2010,362,221,20,20,22>So true story: I am meeting four friends for happy hour at Kabuki before we head to the screening of Paper Heart with the free passes we won from Yelp.I had never been there & the average on Yelp was 3 stars, but we needed to head to a place at Tempe Marketplace so I gave it a shot.I arrived 1st and was waiting for friends to show up. I asked if they had any vodka drinks on hh special or well drink specials. The guy said they only had beer & Saki on special for hh. Being the twitter addict that I am, I tweeted that there was no vodka on their hh specials which was lame, especially since I am allergic to yeast & don't care for saki.A manager came up to me a little while later & asked if I was Julia. I said I was & he apologized that there was no vodka on the hh menu, but that he'd like to make up for it by giving me a free appetizer. Then he was like, "You are Julia right? Cause I couldn't see your eyes." I wasn't sure what he meant at the time, but then I realized he read my tweet & found me from my picture on twitter where my eyes aren't showing. Crazy.I tried to get a veggie appetizer, but he suggested I get the lobster one, so I went with it.The whole thing was crazy, but really awesome. This restaurant actually saw a customer tweet a complaint, found that customer, and offered something to make the experience better.So awesome job Kabuki, and oh yeah pretty decent sushi & service as well.Give them a try and follow them on twitter @KabukiCorporate
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2009,3/9/2010,848,353,16,20,17>Dexter ALWAYS gets spoiled here!  After Washington Park, where he was coated in every doggie fluid imaginable, he needed a bath.  Badly.  I didn't want him bringin' no doggie herpes home!They remembered his name as soon as we walked in.  He's quite the popular puppy here.  I used to live across the street and he just looooves the place!After a quick tutorial in the wash area, my 7-pound rat terrier was ready to be scrubbed.  They give you a few different brushes as well as shampoo AND conditioner!  I never thought to condition my pet's coat before. He also needed his lil nails clipped.  I was whisked right in, even though the groomer was doin' a pomeranian.  It was quick and pain-free.Then, the treats.  Dexter loves the training treats!  We practice his tricks from school (PetSmart puppy class) every night and he devours the different treats.His favorite?  Peanut butter!  They had some star-shaped peanut butter treats and even a mini peanut butter pie, which he got a slice of.toys?  Tons!  Dexter needs squeakers.  Got him some long-ass, strange-looking pink dog that squeaks near its tail.  Bought it on Sunday and the dang thing already got decapitated.  There is white fluff all over my living room.  It's all good, though.  You can't have a 7-pound dog be a total wuss, you know?
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2009,3/8/2010,398,837,9,12,13>I went to the new LoLo's location with other fellow yelpers to check this place out.  I had been to the location downtown and wasnt all that impressed with what I had seen, so I thought I would give it another chance.  This one was a much better time.Upon entering, said parties were already seated.  I was happy to say that my experience here was much better then before.  This place is actually clean!  and has decent parking!  and, as a bonus, the service was substaintially better then the one downtown.  Same menu, same tasting food, but a better experience.When coming here, expect to wait.  This place is super popular, and tasty.  Be prepared to eat!!
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,3/7/2010,1114,557,21,19,16>Long over due review.I don't dance I don't care for Country music I don't like hardcore Hip HopI don't like long lines for the bar I don't like small drink cupsI don't like bad karaokeI don't like MILFS dancing to old 80's tunes (actually this can be ok)BUT for some damn reason every time I come here I get drunk, damn drunk, on those cheap ass, small cups of rum and cokes that are gone by the time you get to the font of the line. At least you can sing like the other retards, or dance a 2 step,while you wait. On the other side you can lean like a Chollo, Just watch out for his Ho. They don't like drunk white boys, we belong with the milfs dancing to ABBA in the 80's room. This place is crazy and is is what you make it. If you had a bad time go to another room and try something new.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,3/6/2010,116,57,6,10,10>The search is over.I have had my nails done at many nail salons and was so disappointed in the service and/or quality I would not return. Based on Ayesha's review, I made an appointment at Glamour Nails and I am so glad I did.The service was above average for one thing, the Spa treatment includes a massage with hot rocks - a first. Another item that had not  happened at any of the other neighborhood locations, was the use of the ultra-violet drying for hands and feet. This additional drying has kept my nails looking fantastic.I will definitely be returning. Great service, quality manicure and pedicure.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,3/5/2010,391,180,8,18,15>One of my new favorite restaurants in my area.Being vegetarian, I love the chinese vegetable quesadilla with their delicious hot sauce drizzled all over it. I normally get this with a refried bean burrito (combo), white rice and refried beans on the side. This is a ton of food. My girlfriend & I normally split this meal and are plenty full afterwards.The finishing touch of a snickerdoodle cookie is fantastic. Love this place.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,3/4/2010,448,260,4,17,9>Well, hello Phoenix Yelpers. It's certainly been a while since my last review (maybe a confession is in order?). Well, even though I have lots of recent business experiences that I could have chosen to write about as part of my triumphant return, I think I will (re-)start by reviewing a local business run by hard-working people committed to quality results. What could be better than that?My husband, Myles M, found Angel Eye on Kudzu.com, which is great but not as great as Yelp, of course! Now that I'm reviewing them on Yelp, it should be even easier for people to find them, which is a very good thing for the following reasons: 1. They respond to inquiries really promptly. I emailed them for a quote and had a well-written, detailed response in my inbox just an hour or so later. 2. They confirmed with me the day before and morning of my first scheduled service. Life gets hectic and there's nothing better than a reminder (or two) of an upcoming appointment. 3. They arrived promptly without calling fifty times for directions. We've hired service providers who have called asking for step-by-step instructions for arriving at our home. That's what Google Maps is for. 4. They asked for clarification. As any teacher, parent or boss would say, it's better to ask and do something right than to not ask and do it wrong. 5. They got the job done and did it well. In just four hours (keep in mind we have a fairly large house that hasn't been cleaned in, say, 9 weeks), our house sparkled from top and bottom. I almost didn't want to cook a meal or walk around for fear of dirtying the place! 6. They were upfront about their rates and didn't try to upcharge when the work was completed. We all appreciate honest and fair dealings, especially in this day and age. After seeing the results of their first cleaning, I hired Angel Eye to come back for bi-monthly cleanings. I look forward to having a great relationship with them (and a very clean house) for years to come!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,3/3/2010,425,213,5,7,6>In a city teeming with Mexican and Spanish cuisine, Ticoz offers more.  Its melange of Latin inspired dishes, lovingly prepared by Chef Holly Gibson, offer a variety of flavors from Puerto Penasco (Ticoz Street Tacos) to the Caribbean (Coconut GInger Curry Rice).I had the opportunity to speak with Chef Holly when coming here for a "YAP." (Yelper Appreciation Party)  Invitees were lured by drink tickets and a specially prepared spread.  Ticoz' reputation had previously awakened my culinary curiosity, so this was my first experience of the restaurant and its food.Ahhh, the sight before me when I walked into the restaurant brought back visions of nights in Puerto Vallarta; ordering tacos and tostadas from street vendors at 2 in the morning.  Or was it the talk I had with Chef Holly, when she talked of her inspiration for one of Ticoz Signatures?  Though she grew up in Arizona (so rare, i know!) she spent much time in Mexico, vacationing with family.  It is here where she discovered the "street taco" and brought it back to Phoenix. I was to enjoy four of these ambrosial tacos the night of the event.  House braised meats on soft corn tortillas, festooned with cabbage, and blanketed with chipotle and an avocado crema.  To give the right amount of tribute, I want to describe Chef Holly's simple secrets to the taco meats.  The chicken is braised  in pineapple and chipotle, the beef in lime and cilantro, and the pork in orange and clove.  These make for distinct flavor combinations, and the juiciest and most tender meat.   The tacos caused a great well being, as everyone was magically transported to the Mayan riviera, with a cold margarita in hand.I have to digress here, because i just typed one of my favorite words.  Margarita.  I easily enjoyed four of them, to go with the four tacos.  I could not help myself, they were pure titillation.  Not to mention, all the exotic libations are1/2 off between the hours of 4:00p-6:30p.   An unbeatable value, considering the average tropical cocktail here costs only $7.   In addition, the owners were extremely generous in offering its "Yelping" patrons two free drink tickets - even for 16oz. of jubilation.  The drinks deserve a list all on their own:#1 Coconut Margarita.  (who would have thunk that agave and coconut make great bedfellows? a first for me, now i will never go back to anything less than...)#2  Passion Fruit Margarita. (a contender for the number one spot. perfect balance of ingredients - so much so that one hardly tastes the tequila and instead thinks they are plucking Maracuya from the vine.)#3 Blackberry Margarita. (hold me back! I thought there was nothing more divine than a blackberry capirinha.)#4 Lychee Margarita. (this sweet and fragranced fruit makes the cadillac margarita pale in comparison)I will not admit to drinking any more than the above stated, but I did sample the other signature cocktails such as the kiwi white sangria, and the peach mojito.  With so many exotic and enticing blendings of flavors, I was overwhelmed.  The list of flavor combinations for mojitos and sangrias, as well as margaritas and martinis goes on...I only wished my liver had not been so well fortified after my drinking expedition.  I would have explored the wilds of this potable jungle, but I settled instead with putting the flowers, that came as decorative adornments in the drinks, in my hair.So, after that wonderful veer, my focus was back on the food.  Other items my taste buds explored on the generous spread were the BBQ meat sliders, as well as the pork tostillados and guacummus.  What is guacammus?  It is Ticoz famous blend of house made guacamole and garlic hummus - a unique gathering of mediterranean and caribbean.  Go Chef Holly!What one will find here on the appetizer menu are the characteristic  southwestern and even south american comfort foods such as empanadas (a taste of buenos aires) and flautas.  In addition to the guacammus, the basket of corn waffle fries seasoned wtih lime and chipotle distinguishes this eatery from the rest.More than a half dozen salads grace the menu, with unique ingredients such as grilled peaches or hearts of palm.  Burgers and sandwhiches are available for the unadventurous, but the signature dishes is where Ticoz defines itself as a Latin Restaurant.From the house Paella prepared in a citrus saffron broth, to the shrimp and lobster arroz in crab filled coconut rice - Ticoz will give you a small tour of the Latin World.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2009,3/2/2010,375,90,16,16,15>This place is sexy...... woh.This is a review of the downstairs loungey sexy area, not the regular dining area. Is there a regular dining area? huh... don't remember seeing it.Anyway, the "small plates" menu is divine like jesus. I'm not kidding. The Beef Tenderloin Toasts were as much of a religious experience as I'll allow myself to have. The Ahi Tuna with wasabi salsa *blush* caused me to mush mouth the words "ohhhh muhhh gawww" while I was still chewing my food. I don't do that. Ever. It's just nasty. The Blue Crab Tostadas were light and refreshing, the perfect compliment to the rich tenderloin. The wine... let's just say I like me some wine. The only complaint I have is that the bartender needed a trim. Seriously... his hipster do was getting in his line of vision and anytime we needed anything I had to flash him to get his attention. Okay, not really but you get the point. In closing: This place will make you forget what you were fighting about. Trust me on that. :)The end
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2007,7/24/2007,0,4,,5,4>Great BBQ dinners.  I have had the chicken and beef and both are excellent.  I especially like the "Thank Q" donut at the end of dinner.  Very unique touch that keeps me going back.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2007,7/23/2007,77,342,1,3,3>Really tasty, but even more overpriced and nothing here is exquisite.  The space is nice and the service is good.  But $64 for 2 glasses of wine, a salad, a sandwich and 2 cups of coffee for lunch is a little ridiculous.  My rule of thumb here is that I only go to Chelsea's Kitchen when it's not my money.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,7/22/2007,2178,528,12,13,13>Mi Patio es su patio. While there actually is not a patio at Mi Patio there is standard Mexican fare (with a little Greek flare I might add) that is a step up from other local Mexican restaurants. My Chef took me there (I mean, he's a chef, the place is bound to rock my guacamole) and they seemed to know him. Lovin' the "Norm!" a la Cheers kinda thing when I go out with John. Interior was brightly lit, not a piece of black wraught iron in sight. Colorful parrots hang from the ceiling. Oh, did I say they're not real. Clay I believe. Anyway the food. That's why we're here. I had such a hankering for Huevos Rancheros I couldn't pass it up. Served with a chunky ranchera sauce over two corn tortillas along with some fantastic beans and passable rice, I was a happy Tomasito. Homemade flour tortillas are served along with the meal and they were dee lish. John had a combo plate with an enchilada in a savory and medium spiced red sauce with a serving a skirt steak. I thought that was cool. A combo plate where you can get a piece o meat. The guacamole, chips and salsa were all on my A list.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2007,7/21/2007,20,28,1,5,4>Judging by apperances, you would think this place is pretentious, trendy, and expensive. So it kind of is. But it's also a place that makes their martinis stong and filled to the brim (you know when you put liquid into a container and it gets a "dome effect" when it's about to spill over? that's how full they make them) serves buffalo chicken sandwiches and crisscut fries in a basket for $7, all in an open, airy envoronment that is truly unique in it's design and has won accolades in the architectural world. So you really get your money's worth. Reservations are not accepted, so the wait can be annoying, but it's quickly forgotten as it's a prime spot for people watching while you hang out at the bar. I've come here on dates and also for a girls night out and each time I love AZ88 a little more.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2007,7/20/2007,9,104,5,9,4>King Tut's is both my scene and not my scene. Moving out here from New York, I was thrilled to find hookah places, and also one that was open late with floor seating in private booths and decent Egyptian food at good prices. The atmosphere is definitely a bit run-down in a good way, and the waiters are pretty on point, especially in dealing with such a huge crowd. But that crowd is the other thing. I was shocked to find that the hookah scene was primarily filled with frat boys and sorority girls. It still perplexes me how this crowd, many of whom seem completely uninterested in world culture, has made this place their home. Fine for them, but if you're not in that scene or an ASU student, be prepared to feel like you've just gone to Psi Delta Psi or whatever for their hookah-themed party where everyone knows everyone else.  King Tut's knows who their target audience is, and I always am annoyed when they turn off the loud Middle Eastern music for the latest hip-hop. It just makes it seem more like a frat party. I love a party vibe, but I also feel out of my element.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2007,7/19/2007,51,263,3,5,3>I love Lee Lee's! Whenever I'm in the mood for a culinary adventure, I head on over to Tempe, wander the massive isles, and end up with $100-or-so in food I can't pronounce with cooking directions I can't follow. No matter. It's all part of the Lee Lee's experience. Lee Lee's also makes a great date or family night out. It's like walking into an international bazaar....women wearing Saris, men in triangle straw hats and japanese slippers, speaking many languages. It's fun just to soak in the atmosphere.Oh, and then there's the food. On our most recent trip, we found every single ingredient needed for the authentic Chinese New Year recipes my foreign exchange son requested. Lee Lee's is also a great place to buy more tame stuff like rice and soy sauce in bulk. And frozen edemama and gyoza dumplings are cheaper than in a regular supermarket. Highly recommended!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2007,7/18/2007,131,423,,4,3>Wow.  A place where I can go with my whole family with no complaints!  Even though the menu has many items that qualify as "comfort food", all of the dishes have a modern twist.  The menu has some old standards like meatloaf and pot pie, but you'll also find dishes like seared ahi tuna salad and some wonderful small plates.  While not the most focused menu, it has a lot of options that are all executed very well, making it the perfect place to bring people you don't know or people you do know who do not share you're taste in food.  It's a crowd pleaser.   Service was great.  No complaints.  Reservations recommended.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2007,7/17/2007,347,1009,,3,2>Got a chance to check this place out and as a fan of architecture and design it was a fun trip.  The only reason I don't give it five stars is that you can't just wander around.  It's understandable why, since there is a school there with students and such.The docent on our tour (or guide?) was excellent and I guess I signed up for the 90 minute tour.  Not sure what the other tours are like, but I was very happy with it.  The price is reasonable and to help support Taliesin it's totally worth it.Lots of good insights and a gem out in the desert.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,7/16/2007,4,29,1,3,4>Hands down best thin crust Chicago style pizza in the state. I know this is a bold statement but I drive 45 minutes once a month to visit this hidden jewel. I mainly stick to the pizza  but if you want a change of pace they have pretty good pasta and chicken dishes. However, if you are a first timer it is imperative that you order pizza because you will be hooked. Vito is a very nice man and is often seen at the restaurant. He is proud of his hertitage and brings to the restaurant to create and warm and comfortable atmosphere. I just updated this to 5 stars because the new location is opening in Scottsdale the end of July or early August 2011.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2007,7/15/2007,112,364,8,22,16>Reading the reviews of Pizzeria Bianco is hilarious to me, as a Phoenician.For anyone reading this, allow me to say that no matter what anyone else says, I promise that you can trust me when *I* say that if you have not eaten here, you must, and you will want to come back. This is the premier eatery in Phoenix. It is the best pizza in the country. A writer for the New York Times once wrote that in his column and nearly lost his life for doing so. The only way to make better pizza is to do what the owner, Chris Bianco, does: make each individual pizza every single night with your own two hands, grow your own basil and fresh tomatoes, and import the finest ingredients from as far away as Italy. No one does that. No one is crazy and OCD enough to consistently do it for over ten years. Chris is. If you can sense the passion I feel for this place, good. There's a reason for the defensiveness. People who come here and don't like it (a) weren't educated on what to expect regarding wait times, or (b) are simply in stubborn denial and can never be saved. That's just the way it is. Some people still insist the earth is flat.So what's the deal with wait times? It's really not that complicated and if you know what to expect, your experience will be perfect. (Yes, perfect). They don't take phone reservations. If you show up with a small party (let's say 4 people) at 6 pm, a two hour wait time is typical. What do you do during those two or more hours? Plenty of things! Pizzeria Bianco is right next to Bar Bianco, which is a charming restored historical house with great service, nice appetizers and a lovely drink menu of unique brews and wines. The bar alone is the kind of place you would go to chill out with friends, so killing your wait time there is not exactly a chore. Alternatively, you can wander out of the Heritage Park area where the restaurant is and have a drink elsewhere downtown, say the Roosevelt or Majerles. The key to all this is as follows: Their ETA's are on-the-spot accurate, and you'd better be back within 30 mins of that in case they are early. If you lose your spot in line, you're screwed. On a busy night you will probably not get seated again. The one reviewer who missed his spot and was seated one hour later was incredibly lucky. Almost everything I've tried on the menu has been delicious. I like several of their appetizers. The tomato/mozarella is comprised of hand-picked tomatoes and mozarella that Chris (again) makes himself every day. The "Spiedini" consists of a mouth-watering melted cheese wrapped in Italian prosciutto. Mmm. There is a small set of choices (5 or 6) of their custom made pizzas. My personal favorite is the Wiseguy. You can also hand-pick your own toppings. Be aware that the pizza is thin-crust, and a few of their selections are sans tomato sauce. The ratio I've found that works best is approximately 3 pizzas for 4 people. One per person usually leads to taking some of the left-overs home, and since I live downtown this in turn typically involves my handing the take-out box to an extremely lucky and usually very happy homeless dude (downtown has no shortage of those if you walk around, alas). You cannot know or understand Phoenix (or claim to be a true Phoenician if you live here), if you haven't eaten at Bianco. Go forth and enjoy. You can thank me later.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,1/26/2014,890,308,12,18,14>If there's a place in old town that you can rely on for quality in food and service, this is the place.  You get what you paid for.  Based on my last few visits, it seems to always be busy, which as you know is a great sign.  This is a place where you come for a date, birthday or just about any type of occasion you can think of.  These are what I consistently get and enjoy:+ Chopped Salad: BOMB.  You cannot come here and not get this.  If you don't have a big appetite, this is a must.  The corn, salmon and dressing does it for me every time.  You just can't go wrong here.+ Lamb Burger: Its very tasty and juicy.  It can be a little messy if you mishandle it.  So I suggest just slicing it in the middle.  + Kale Caesar Salad: BOMB.  Kale is a super vegetable that is packed with nutrients.  They make the Kale anti-bitter with a great balanced Ceasar dressing, served with a cheesy, toasty bread! Some things can break your wallet but if you manage to try to share your plates in your party, you will walk out okay.  Drinks aren't too pricey.  But if you want to keep the night going, I suggest heading up to their sister bar, Citizen R+D, a speakeasy that is around the building and requires a secret phone call to reserve a table.There's not much to complain about really.  For its consistency and quality, I will always have them on my go to places.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,1/25/2014,141,122,9,12,11>As much of a sweet tooth that i have (dark decadent chocolate is my weakness) Toffee was never my thing, never even on my mind ..And then i sampled Goodytwo's toffee ..wowzer !Sweet and salty toffee is regoddamndiculously good ..seriously good !They have a toffee topped popcorn ..these gals are killing me ..oh ,oh the twozels sinfully delish magical pretzel mix with kettle corn, nuts,  and chocolate .Listen, you can't put a price on happiness, ha ha Everyone i love  gets boxes of salty-sweet love from Goodytwo's. So now they are all hooked as well.Nothing more delicious or sexy  then a salty sweet combo ..it is a heavenly pairing Goodytwo's has perfected this and it's worth every penny !Rock on ladies !
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,1/24/2014,234,226,20,18,18>Advisory for all new college grads working in this area: So, you thought the "Freshman 15" was horrible? Well, prepare to meet its not-so-distant cousin, the "Cubicle Cincuenta" if . . .1) You have a sedentary job 2) Said sedentary job is nearby The Barbecue Company (The BBQ Co)My work was in this area three years ago, and I know I packed a bit on. Chalk that up to taking two years off from Track & Field. It's not the best barbeque you will ever taste, but it makes for a delicious lunch. My coworkers and I would go WAY too much. Everyone leaves happy.   Some of my favorites . . . 1) The Texas Twister: Brisket with barbeque sauce capped with fried onion strings2) Classic Pulled Pork Sandwich 3) Q-Spud: Behemoth loaded baked potato with your choice of meat 4) Caesar Salad with the Salsalita Chicken As far as sides go, don't miss out on the Kentucky Blue Cheese Slaw. Seasoned fries here are just OK. Sorry, no alcohol is served for all you lushes out there looking for a pint or three. Always friendly service; the ladies here got to know everyone in our office by name. Oh wait, not sure if that's a good thing . . . Someone get us into The BBQ Co Addicts Anonymous. Hit up their website for Barbeque Bucks. Have to spend a minimum of $5. Don't forget that punch card, either! If I recall, the first Wednesday of the month they do a BBQ Buffet. Never partook, but looked ridiculous. Tip: NOT open on weekends. If you don't mind your jeans screaming in protest a la cutting into your skin from all the calorie-laden goodness, hit up The BBQ Co for a workweek lunch sometime!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/23/2014,181,198,12,16,10>This place has been here for years. For years! I have been coming for years. For years! I still think this place has the best combination of quality dim sum, decor and other menu items. The variety here is just awesome. Golden Buddha, China King, Mekong Plaza, they were decent. Those places were good because you don't really want to travel that far for dim sum and those places were in their respective areas. Except Golden Buddha closed. But for a complete experience, go to Great Wall. You should go on Sundays around 10:30am. That's when their menu is at it's fullest. Asian people go out Sunday mornings haha. There might be a wait but carts will come by more often, more items and you get to see a lot of Asian people. There are also items that are not on carts. Like giant noodle dishes. Don't miss out on them!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,1/22/2014,100,799,11,24,16>= = = = = =  DAILY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =Yay, happiness is a new Buffet!     :-))So I stopped in to this little place today & found a smallish 17-item Buffet, counting salad items but not sauces & dressings.Lunch started with some piping hot, THIN Garlic Naan brought to the table.  Loved it!!  Then it was on to salad with Raita dressing, Curried Chicken with bone, Tandoori Chicken, Yellow Dhal, Butter Chicken, Vegetable Korma, Aloo Mutar, Channa Masala, Basmati Rice, & a rice dessert that I failed to write down the name of.It was a little cold in there and the bathroom was out of paper towels but the dining room is nice, the service was friendly & all of the food delicious!  Good pricing too, at $7.99.     :-)
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,1/21/2014,311,459,11,12,12>This is a great place for a delightful and healthy hot pot meal.  I joined the International Supper Club UYE here for a shabu shabu experience and it was fun - that is, after the initial confusion of looking for Tien Wong Hot Pot without our being aware of the restaurant's name change. The cooking broths were savory and  the ingredients we chose - bok choy, napa cabbage, squash, shabu, lamb, bean curd skin, udon, clear noodles - were fresh and easily cooked. The server gave us useful tips on cooking times and everything worked out quite well. We enjoyed all the things we cooked in the broth, then at the end of the meal, enjoyed the cooking broth that had by then become a very tasty soup. I look forward to coming back and sharing fun, tasty (and very interactive) meals here with more friends.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,1/20/2014,1992,234,17,19,22>Before pop culture coined the term tween; but only by about a year or two, I had the privilege of playing ice hockey as a young teen. I had a few 'wordy' on ice debates over this or that during a peewee season. "I think you'll like they way I use 'Pow!', 'Bam!', and 'Zap!' in a sentence." I 'politely' explained to the defense-man, alas, I was cordially invited to take a 'break' from the sport I so loved. Time marches on, or so the song goes, and fifteen years later I still hadn't picked it back up.Shazam! I got this wonder-brained idea about a year ago, I'm going to play ice hockey again! Fifteen years later, the call to get back on the ice was overwhelming, I felt like Uncle Sam himself was calling me to serve my country, do my duty, stand up and take action! I spent a few months debating weather I would do it or not and decided to take the plunge.Being the frugal person I am, I chose to pay the entire season instead of game by game. You'll spend closer to $20 per league game, instead of $25 by paying it upfront. I picked up a few new pieces of necessary gear I didn't already own, a helmet, gloves, athletic protector (those boys are sensitive you know) ;-), and away I went. Suiting up that first time, brought back that feeling of sporting camaraderie you can't find anywhere, at least outside of a locker room. Taped the hockey stick, laced up the skates, pulled on the jersey, buttoned up the helmet, and away I went. The puck dropped for my first rotation on the ice, I skated my heart out, and holy cr*p! What the heck was I thinking! OMG, I think I'm about to die, right here, on the ice.I looked up at the clock, and it was only about 67 seconds into the game, go figure. My next thought was "I knew I shouldn't have paid the 'entire' season. Now I have to come back :-/ "Fast forward nine months, I'm still going back week after week. I can finally make it back to the car after a game without limping the entire way there, and no longer feel like I'm punishing myself for the future possibility of keeping up in Adult League Ice Hockey.I've been told by a number of skaters that while Arcadia doesn't have the best facility, they've got one of the better patches of ice in the valley. Lucky for me, I live only a few miles from here, short commute!Check them out for a free skate, drop in for an open hockey, or join me for C-League. There's always a beginner class happening on the weekend for anyone interested, they'll even loan you out some gear if you'd like to 'try before you buy' so to speak.Happy Yelping Phoenix, see you on the ice!
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,1/19/2014,224,119,4,11,7>This was the right decision when it comes to brick oven pizza in Arizona. The wait was only 30 minutes and the pizza was so much better than the well known and televised local competition (let's just call them pizza B). The ambiance was fantastic and it was the perfect date spot for the wife and I to sit back and relax. They even had a local musician playing live music to even better the mood for dinner. Service was fantastic and every part of our dinner made the wife and I happy about our dinner choice.Let me start by saying everything I ordered was perfect.The ostra salad was plenty as a starter for the wife and I and it was fresh with fantastic tasting ingredients.The diavola spicy pizza with ricotta added was the best pizza I have ever had.My wife's white pizza was fantastic as well it had mushrooms greens and pork I believe on itThe banana creepes with Nutella and ice cream was oh so yummy.The fresh made iced tea was also unique and fantastic.We left with a 3 course meal for around $60 which is not bad at all for the experience and food we receivedI would most defiantly recommend this restaurant to anyone.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,1/18/2014,59,166,6,11,9>I am so pleased with The Gladly! I'm a big fan of its sister restaurant, Citizen Public House, and The Gladly didn't disappoint either. We came in for restaurant week, fortunately I had made a reservation, so despite being totally full, our party of 6 was seated right away! Great service! As for food, they have a few dish repeats from Citizen, but over all I think the menu was even more varied. I had the seared Tuna, which was delicious! I had ordered it rare, but it came out medium. No biggie, at least it wasn't over cooked, but that may have been the only fault of the night. The garbanzo cake the fish came with was incredible! So much flavor!!! With only a bit of spicy kick. I'm really glad they have the famous chopped salad from Citizen, so of course that didn't fail to please! They were also very accommodating to my dairy allergy needs. The actual restaurant is very hip, inside I actually felt like was transported to a chic restaurant in New York........ fabulous!!!! I can't wait for my next dinning experience at The Gladly.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,1/17/2014,164,112,11,16,14>Sitting in the parking lot at Wally-world on 59th & Bell, it's lunch time which means the Mexican Phone company (Taco Bell) or better yet, fire up Yelp and see what's in the neighborhood. Wait, what's this? A five star joint with over 40 reviews?  Hard to believe!  Well, believe it! Completly hidden on 51st between Greenway and TBird is a gem of a coffee/chocolate/sandwich/breakfast place.  Run by the owners and serving up incredible food and genuine service.  Had the Unforgettable Bacon Hot Dog with  secial sauce (red onion, jalepeno, swee icle, green olives, , etc.)  Wrapped in bacon on a perfect stadium bun and it was awesome.  The Princess had the grilled chicken with feta and tasiki (?) sauce- she can't wait to go back.  We've already made plans with friends to check out the breakfasts.  They also have homemade pastries and handmade chocolates which are the real deal!  (They generously give first-timers a free piece of chocolate). Judging by the steady stream of customers at 2:30 on a Saturday, I'd say the word is getting out on this wonderful place.  They also have a great selection of British grocery items for sale.  Check it out, you won't be dissappointed.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,4/28/2012,197,332,2,4,4>very nice museum and time goes fast! i wasn't expecting too much. I was surprised how intuitively they set up the galleries to sync up with the headsets that are given to you in the entrance of museum.  you are able to listen to the sights and sounds of Africa, Asia, Latin America,US, and Europe. some of my favorites were the the Arizona native American big drum, the Bahamas, Brazil.  Aileen joined me and she didn't have enough time to visit each exhibit but I was able to squeeze in everything by quickly going through the exhibits that did not interest me as much.  I think its worth the fifteen dollar admission fee since i was able to learn and enjoy the entire MiM experience. I will be adding some pictures.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,4/27/2012,285,121,6,6,5>Hanny's drink menu has more options than eTrade, so obviously I freaking love it. It also makes me feel like I'm in that scene from the end of Drop Dead Fred when she's in the big scary house. Don't know why it reminds me of that scene..maybe the high ceilings? But that's pretty cool too.One star deduction only because if I worked at place with a drink menu this freaking awesome, it would be all I'd ever want to talk about. In fact, I don't even WORK there and I still find ways to bring up Hanny's drink menu in regular conversation. But try to engage your bartender and two times out of three (I say this because there were three bartenders when we went and I tried to talk to all of them and only of them humored me), you'll get the cold shoulder. That's right, you will get #2 of the top ten ways to say no to drugs, circa  the D.A.R.E. program, 1994. Anyway, I've been here a few times and have always had fun, mostly because I am all about the Pimm's Cup so if it's anywhere on a menu, I'm probably having a good time. I told my boyfriend that Hanny's was special because they actually served real Pimm's Cups and most places can't. He didn't believe me and responded that he's sure Ocean Club could serve a Pimm's Cup. I responded that I have already tried (I haven't) and they couldn't (I wouldn't know, I haven't tried). Just so you all know how I roll when it comes to challenging my unchecked facts.I also had some Absynthe (this is what I wanted to ask the bartenders about when I got THE COLD SHOULDER). It was okay. It tasted like Sambuca but was a lovely shade of green. I don't think the kind they sell here in the U.S. have hallucinogenic properties but it was about my 6th drink of the evening so I obviously had a good time with it.I haven't had the food but I will definitely be back for some more Pimm's Cups. I don't give a shit if Ocean Club has them.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,4/26/2012,732,344,6,8,8>I went here for a large get together over the weekend. Our waitress was really great considering the large, drunk group. :) The only thing I didn't like was the lack of fountain diet coke. It came in a cute mexican glass bottle but i prefer my diet coke to come from a fountain. I'm crazy like that. Other than that, the glass did pour me 3 refills which was PLENTY so i didn't feel jipped......except by the lack of extra bubbles that comes from a fountain cola, but i digress.I had this amazing salad. it had artichoke hearts, pine nuts, onions, mozarella, and leafy greens. top notch. everyone elses food looked amazing too. especially that damn hotdog. i wish they had a few more menu options unrelated to sandwiches or salads, but i definitely recommend. super good.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,4/25/2012,159,458,4,8,7>In the hot AZ summer going to Coronado island is a great idea, however if you can't make the commute the Coronado Cafe is a great 2nd choice.This place has everything you need for a great date.Quaint and romantic old house setting and patios.Table cloths and faux candlesMenu full of artfully presented itemsWines by the glass or bottleBackground music in lieu of background noise.We started our meal with a gargonzola salad, which they did a split plating for us. $6 The greens were fresh the cheese was bountiful and pungent the walnuts were candied and the slices of apple were crisp, what more could you want from a salad?For our main dishes we had the Cherve Rellnos $12, Two large pablano chilies stuffed with well dices zucchini other veggies and goat cheese on top of a generous pile of polenta and a roasted red pepper sauce, it was amazing.The other main was miso glazed salmon with sauted spinach and basmati rice. The fish had a nice crisp crust, the spinach had a nice flavor and the rice was well just rice, it could use a veggie in it to to spice it up.Bottles of wine start at a affordable $12The meal included bread with olive oil.Bottom line great romantic place for dinner or lunch.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2011,4/24/2012,262,233,5,11,7>New chef, knowledgeable bartender GAIL, the finest quality beef, and professional staff make Durant's my recent favorite for swill, swank and STEAK.--great late night dinner. seatings until 10:30, maybe later!--steak sliders only available from the bar--shrimp cocktail, huge and delicious--oysters on the half-shell, scrumptious--petit fllet, perfect every time--crab cakes not consistent, sometimes overcooked and dry--prime rib is juicy and luscious. don't miss the horseradish--horseradish will BLOW THE BACK OF YOUR HEAD OFF hot.Gail knows her stuff. She'll take you on a trip down memory lane serving up all your Old Man old fashioned favorites from salty dog to boodles martini (yes, martinis are made with GIN _and_ vermouth which actually goes in the glass, you FAKERS!!) all the way to my own five-point manhattan (knob, dubonnet, up, twist, stirred). And at Durant's all drinks are stirred, the way they're supposed to be.The decor hasn't changed since my last review -- indeed since 1962 -- except for the small street light sconces in the dining room, but they may have been there before too. Tradition.... Tradition. Fresh flowers every time, starlight star recessed ceiling lights and those red silk walls.They don't call it atomic horseradish for nothing. It will blow the back of your head off. Please bring a net to catch it.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,4/23/2012,6,7,9,9,10>I popped into Matador yesterday afternoon (a bit after lunch time) for a pick-me-up.  I just love this neighborhood gem.  There's a nice comfy vibe and the staff is welcoming and accommodating.  They patiently fielded my questions about available sugar-free syrup options and happily indulged my request for a combination of syrups for my iced latte.  It was fantastic!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,4/21/2012,218,488,2,15,6>The wife and I decided to visit this locale this morning because it is only about a 5 minute or less walk from our Apartment. I have read every review on here pertaining to this establishment and most of it remains true despite the fact it has been almost 2 weeks since it has been open. We arrived at about 11:00am and we were seated fairly quickly. The server came pretty quickly and got us some water and I had the coffee which is just average. It took us about 5 to 7 minutes to decide what to order and the server took our order at about 11:15am. I ordered the Pancake Combo with one egg scrambled....and turkey sausage. My wife had the Chorizo and eggs which came with home fries. So after about 30 minutes waiting for our food to arrive.....the owner or manager....which was an elderly lady... came out to each table an apologized for the long wait and offered us some oink cookies. She explained that when they were planning the business structure that she was told there would be several customers in the area that would come to this type of establishment. However there have been hundreds of people showing up and they were not prepared for that.She also expressed there have been some issues with the cooking staff....arguing back and forth about who should be preparing what....and how it should be prepared....there are some huge communication issues that need to be worked out. Finally at about 12:05pm we finally received our food....so that means it took about an hour from the time we first ordered. Now since we live so close to this establishment I didn't mind the wait.....however had I come say 20 minutes away....I wouldn't want to wait an hour to have breakfast. The Food was OUTSTANDING.....DELICIOUS.....AWESOME.....so there were no problems in this area at all. Now if this establishment can just get better organized....because we had to ask for silverware.....napkins....straws....and butter for my pancakes.....and get the communication issues squared away in the kitchen....this will be a guaranteed 5 star establishment. So by all means if your in the east valley and are looking for a place to have a GREAT TASTING....MADE TO ORDER breakfast....give the Oink Cafe a try. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!NOTE: Just another FYI the elderly lady came back after we finished our breakfast and offered us a wonder piece of sour creme pecan coffee cake....so she was really trying to make customers feel comfortable and apologize for our wait. You have to appreciate that kind of service and her honesty about the situation....I truly believe this place will have great success once they fix some of there issues!!!!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,4/20/2012,301,169,9,14,14>Oh what a night.... I really need to spend more time here!  After a poor experience at another lounge earlier in the night, walking in to Mabel's was exactly what our group of girls needed to get our party back on track.  The music pumped us up, the upscale crowd was full of well-dressed eye candy, and we had excellent service from Holly - she kept the drinks flowing!  Greg, the manager, stopped by to welcome our group and Silas, one of the hosts, checked in on us throughout our visit to ensure we were happy.  Mabel's on Main sets the bar for service in this town; I wish every place could treat their patrons this well.  But until they do, I'll keep coming back to Mabel's for a fantastic time!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,4/19/2012,266,1123,3,10,6>Whoa. Oh, and wow. So, I was debating giving this place four stars because yes it is dark in there and yes the tables are a bit cramped and it did get loud.... but..... I just can't. The food was so good that it completely made up for those things. The BF and I went here for my (very very belated) birthday dinner (we had made res's somewhere else on my b day that fell through *cough* monarch *cough* and had to make new plans). So I decided to try something a bit different and go to the Mission. I am very glad I did. The BF and I made open table reservations and were seated promptly when we got there. Our waiter was this funny guy named Derek, who, at first I thought I wasn't going to like that much (I have an aversion to trendy scottsdale people) but turned out to be wonderful and make great suggestions all night! So thanks Derek!The BF and I decided to order a few different small plates to get a feel for the restaurant. We ordered the cola crispy pork belly, the table side guac, the steak tacos, and a side of chipotle honey grits. I also got a Mission margarita. So my margarita comes out and it is really great! I have only had one other margarita that I liked equally. It was extremely fresh and it wasn't made out of that disgusting green sweet stuff that normally makes up margs. I would definitely recommend it (with salt). We then get the chips and salsa. The salsa is really smokey and reminds me of the salsa at Abuelos, if you've ever tried that. I liked it a lot. So the man who makes the Guac came over and asked how spicy we wanted it, and we told him hot. He then proceeded to mix the guac using all fresh ingredients. It was so good! and so fresh! I liked how I could taste each flavor that went in, from the cilantro to the delicious tomato and jalapeno.... it was all good.... also, it had pinons on it, which gave it a cool texture. I have only had one better guac, and that is at Barrio cafe.... We get the rest of the food, and the portions look tiny, but in reality, they are huge because I just ate half an avocado and a bagillion or so chips. The cola pork belly was Ah. Maze. Ing. I have never had anything like it. It's a crispy sweet and spicy pork with peanut sauce in a lettuce cup. It's like thai mexican fusion. It was the best of the meal. The steak tacos were also wonderful. The BF said it was like eating a new york strip in a taco. It was a little sweet and a little savory... all good. The grits were the only part that were just ok. I liked them, they were creamy and different, but I wouldn't get them again. So we had to get dessert, as it was my 'birthday' and Derek recommended the pumpkin bread pudding. Holy crap Derek, you are the man! This thing was one of the most delicious desserts I have had, and definitely the best bread pudding. It's pumpkin bread with a little bit of creme brulee, in a sea of wonderful butterscotch sauce (made from real scotch...mind=blown) with the perfect amount of ice cream and little crunchy seeds for texture. Whoa. Just whoa. All this, and the bill was like 65$... that's wonderful! We could come and not get drinks and not get grits and it would be an affordable dinner, which is the best part, because I want to go back.... like right now.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,4/18/2012,135,778,5,6,6>Went here with the hubby last night for the first time with the Yelp International Supper Club. I had a great time meeting some fellow Yelpers and getting to try out a new place. I had seen this restaurant on Check Please! on PBS so it was already on my super-long and always growing "to try" bookmark list. We started with spring rolls which tasted super fresh and delicious. They were the non-fried kind and there is nothing worse than when those get a little old and the rice paper starts to get crunchy instead of chewy. But these were perfect and came with a yummy dipping sauce. Also, there were huge whole shrimps in them instead of chopped or minced as some Asian restaurants use. The hubby got a beef noodle dish and I ordered Pho. Both were very tasty. I liked the fact that they gave you ample amounts of (very fresh) herbs and condiments to add to the soup to your liking. It reminded me of eating menudo at my MIL's house. I was also very happy to see that they included sliced jalapenos on the garnish plate... even though I didn't eat them outright as did some others at the table, I added them to the broth and let them steep a bit and it gave the perfect amount of spice to the pho. The bowl was so huge that I couldn't finish it all but it was really good and left me with a satisfied but not too stuffed feeling. Since we got there late, I had ordered hurriedly so I was very surprised when I went up to pay and both our meals including tax and tip was still less than $10. Amazing! I seriously can not remember the last time I paid so little for a good meal. I pretty much never come to this part of town but if it was closer to where we live I would definitely make this place part of our regular rotation.  The staff was friendly and accommodating as well.  The only thing they would need for a fifth star is a nicer location/ambiance.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/11/2012,302,469,4,7,4>Very cool spot. I mean who doesn't like sitting by the pool, listening to great music, sipping on some drinks with some fabulous friends? Plus the people watching alone was worth it. Oh and don't let me forget about the $10 unlimited mimosa special they have on Saturdays from either 10-2 or 11-2. Either way it is worth. However, if you want the best damn pina colada ever, get one from here. They coat the rim of the glass with honey and roasted coconut and they are strong! Wow! Momma likes!!! This will be a definite go to spot throughout the summer.A few tips -First the bathrooms are really dark so ladies be careful if going in alone.Second - get there early or you will be SOL. It cost a nice penny to sit on the chairs that have an umbrella. ( I believe someone told me it was $300 for the Cabana and like $150 for the chairs with the umbrella. Are you kidding me?)Third- Do not bring your drink in the pool unless you are sitting poolside. They frown upon that as they don't want pina colada and beer floating in the water ( I can see that)Otherwise its a good spot!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/10/2012,272,260,6,10,4>Can I just tell you how sorely Harvey American is needed in Gilbert? A good bar with yummy food that's open until ***2 AM*** SEVEN DAYS A WEEK! Sorry to shout, but I've lived in Gilbert a long time.We came with our family (a party of 9) early Saturday night, and we got seated right away.  I liked the high booth seating, mostly because I'm pretty short. There's also regular seating around barrels closer to the bar. Our server Audra really took care of our group. She had a friendly, upbeat attitude, and she sincerely apologized for a couple minor snafus (missing water, late entree). She did an excellent job. We got pretzel rolls to the table right away and tore right through them. The second batch came out even hotter-- you could see steam when you cut into them. I loved them, but my husband though they could use a bit more salt. Can't argue with that. I'm not a beer drinker, but my husband is. He was really pleased to see Moose Drool and Guinness on tap. I like that they have happy hour until 7pm all week.I was hoping to try the black bean burger that my sister had at their soft opening, but sadly, it wasn't on the menu. I instead got the strawberry salad that came with romaine, candied pecans, dried cherries and gorgonzola. It was delicious, and the raspberry dressing was just the right amount of sweet. The side salads were also pretty impressive considering the sad examples I've seen at other places. My sister-in-laws loved the house-made ranch because it reminded them of their mom's dip.The meat eaters were all pretty happy. My father-in-law thought his pot roast sandwich was just ok, but my brother-in-law was a big fan of his stuffed jalapeno burger. My husband, who normally only likes steaks cooked by himself or my dad, loved his ribeye. He also went on and on about how flavorful the side veggies were. I guess living with a vegetarian is finally starting to rub off on him.My husband said we are definitely coming back. I hope they add a few more vegetarian options in the mean time.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,11/9/2012,510,143,3,10,5>It's taken me way too long to write about one of my all-time favorite restaurants in the Valley, Cibo. I love everything about it: the phenomenal pizza, the beautiful decor, the on-top-of-things servers and the charming neighborhood location -- it's a must-try, for sure!Cibo is in a historic home-turned-restaurant, with the most gorgeous twinkly light-lit patio (there are misters, so you can even sit here during the summer.) The interior is just as cute, with a small bar overlooking the open kitchen churning out perfect wood-fired pizzas. There's also an area that overlooks the backyard garden, and the rest of the inside seating is quaint and cozy -- you'll most likely be sat close to another table, so prepare to get intimate.The obvious menu draw here is the pizza, and they're pretty close to perfect. You can get pizzas for dinner (their lunch menu consists mostly of sandwiches and salads.) A single pizza alone is a huge meal for one (though I can happily finish one myself and still manage to gobble up some dessert), so consider splitting an appetizer and sharing a pie. My favorite kind to get is a simple Margherita pizza with olives added ($12.50). The dough is always my favorite consistency -- thin and soft and with crispy edges. The fresh basil is amazing -- I love it!Plan on having a crepe -- they're definitely a must-have if you go to Cibo. I love getting the Nutella and banana one and adding mascarpone and whipped cream to it, too ($10.50). Every bite is incredible, and it will have you coming back for more.The atmosphere combined with the mouthwatering food solidifies Cibo as one of my go-to restaurants. It's truly a Valley gem, and I hope it stays open forever!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,11/8/2012,205,262,17,14,10>Coug-tastic! Came here with some friends for a low-key Friday night, not expecting much excitement and ended up having a blast! We got there around 7:30 (just missed their HH which stops at 7pm) to have a few drinks and some apps. I like that they have a "skinny menu" for those that are calorie conscious. I ordered their Firefly Sweet Tea Vodka (iced tea mixed with, guess what, sweet tea vodka) that only costs me 66 calories and was delicious. We split their wings, but were encouraged by the waitress to try their sliders as that is really what they are known for. But, alas, we weren't super hungry so we just had the wings, which were pretty good and watched some college football. The bar has tons of televisions that had various games on and there is also a section with two pool tables and a few arcade games.The place had about half of their tables filled with a mixed crowd of cowboys and younger tattooed folk until about 8:30 when my friends and I became the only ones under 45 years old. Apparently at 9pm a cover band called the Aaron Nelson Project comes on for some live music that really gets the crowd moving. My one friend and I couldn't help but join in on the fun to a few songs, but we all agreed the songs they played reminded us of being at a wedding. Anyhoo, this place gets packed with 45+ cougars and sugar daddies all on the prowl and thanks to our guy friend, we got free shots from one of the cougars! If you are a twenty or thirty-something looking for something a little different on a weekend night, I would give Eli's a try!Recap:              a) Happy hour ends at 7pm              b) multiple large TV's that are great for games              c) around 8:30 the cougars and sugar daddies come out              d) bring a younger guy friend for free shots from the decked out cougs!P.S. You might see me prowlin' here in 20 years ;)
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/7/2012,262,233,5,9,6>feast for the eyes AND for your gourmet tastes. PROPER kitchen makes everything from scratch and it shows.--freshly-made bloody mary mix, and freshly-opened olives jar (yes, you can tell). i'll have 3. at $5 for sunday brunch you can't go wrong.--shepherd's pie is the BOMB-awesome. they even fuss up the plate so it doesn't look too pretty, but don't believe your eyes: what's under those eggs will rock your mouth with pleasure!--potato coins are fun!--cheese plate was not on the menu, but chef happily obliged to accompany my v.c. yellow-label (no longer on the menu). they even made toast points for me. wowza.--these wings are the best i've had. perfectly cooked and the best sauce ever.--super friendly staff knows their stuff, ingredients, and serves it with big smiles.--great family place (kids can play bacchi or bean bags in the patio), and --goes upscale in a flash too; awesome acid jazz feel--new converted entrance gives the smokers a nice spot and yet keeps them on their own.--free wifi for your business meeting and big booths to boot#argh. dropped the yellow label from the wine list. mumm is motor oil. how abaout tattainger?#forced valet parking is a bust. i know they have to do it, but i just want to park my own car. (if you see the valet, just park across the street if you're as fussy as me)#wish they opened 30 minutes earlier on sundays; 10:00 leaves me standing outside every time.vig uptown gets my award for most-improved food quality. whether it's the temperature, the freshness, the plating, the preparations, the simple but perfect blend of seasoning and flavor, vig uptown should be proud.not many places in town which are Hipster, Trendy, Romantic, Casual AND Classy. Nice hang out.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2012,11/6/2012,311,459,8,16,14>My dinner here tonight was really pleasant.  We ordered the hot appetizers plate, which gave us a nice sampling of several items, all of which where good. The lamb chops were terrific - juicy, grilled just right, and with great flavor; I love lamb and these were the best lamb chops I've had in years! I was also pleased by the items in the Cleopatra plate - properly grilled chicken, beef, kafta, and vegetable kebabs on a bed of fluffy basmati rice.  The dining area is very spacious, table settings were impeccable, and the service was very friendly and gracious. I am glad that we have this new restaurant in this northwest part of metro Phoenix.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/5/2012,146,56,6,13,11>What a cool little find!  I first learned of Citizen R+D when a friend and his wife invited me out for a drink.  When you approach the stairs leading up to the bar, which is behind Citizen Public House, you are confronted with a plain white sheet of paper on which are posted the "Rules."In today's age of excess and access, I was a little taken aback at being told NOT to walk up the stairs to enter but instead to call the number at the bottom of the sheet of rules telling me what I could and could not do.  Being that I was meeting friends, I acquiesced and dialed the provided digits.  The guy who answered (Tony, coincidentally) was gruff and didn't seem particularly interested or professional.  I had to ask if i'd gotten the right number, the response to which was "Ya, how many people you got?" I responded "four" and was told he'd be out in 10-15 minutes when a table became available.  Needless to say I was irritated to wait in a dark  alley reeking of sewage to get into another cookie cutter Scottsdale bar that was more pomp and circumstance than meat and potatoes.About 10 minutes passed and Tony the doorman/waiter who turned out to be an affable big bear of a guy, came out and ushered us up the stairs to a door where we were stopped, asked if we had been there before (I hadn't), explained the rules, what to expect and then lead through a locked door to our waiting table.Once inside, I could see the reason for the wait.  There are only about 7 or 8 tables depending on whether or not two have been pushed together.  Parties of 6 or more are broken up so small parties are better.  The room is intimate, comfortable and inviting, the kind of place you WANT to sit down with friends and share a cocktail.R+D bills itself as a "Speakeasy," harking back to prohibition days and therein lies  of the reason for all of the cloak and dagger.  Cocktails aren't merely "poured" they are actually "crafted" and everyone you come into contact with is well versed in what it is they are serving and how its being constructed.I've now been several times and though i've seen and tasted several different cocktails, I can't bring myself to order anything but the ********GIN****** For *****Price***** you get a coffee siphon filled with a neutral spirit (vodka), and in place of coffee grounds, a mix of Juniper berries and botanicals which when brewed in the vacuum, turns to gin before your eyes.  Some may think this a novelty but the food geek in me is just fascinated by this process. Listen, if you're looking for the "typical" Scottsdale bar, cheap drinks thrown together by a busy bartender who doesn't get that "pouring heavy" isn't the same as pouring a good drink or you want drink "your way" Burger King style, go somewhere else.  At R+D the cocktails are expensive (even by Scottsdale standards), the wait for your concoction is between 10-15 minutes (worth it in my opinion) and you order what's on the menu, the way it's on the menu, period. I'd like to tell anyone reading to go elsewhere so this little gem can stay a relative secret that I can always get into and enjoy but not sharing just wouldn't be right.  If you get a chance and are looking for a refreshing change form the "norm" drop by R+D and tell Tony that Tony sent you!!(note: ask for an order of bacon popcorn to munch on while your there, you'll get freshly popped corn, chunks of tender belly bacon and though it tends to be a little bit greasy, it is the perfect accouterment to your cocktail.)
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,11/4/2012,285,121,12,14,12>You guys have no idea how long I debated whether or not to leave a review for Little Woody. It was pretty much a goal of mine to keep it as secret for as long as I possibly could, mostly because the place isn't that big, I live across the street, and I appreciate at least a foot of personal space.  Welp, that foot of personal space is almost gone now so I figure it's about the time to profess my love for this not-really-a-dive bar, especially since they just added the most AMAZING back room a bar has EVER had.Seriously, I could set up a cot, eat, drink, and sleep in that back room and have absolutely no problems in life. They have shuffleboard, darts, and SkeeBall! Really, what more can you ask for?  In my original review of The Great Escape (R.I.P., gone but not forgotten), I concluded with "If they had shuffleboard, I'd bump them up to 5 stars"...Little Woody did me one better and got shuffle board while simultaneously getting rid of that weird old person basement smell the place used to have (and replacing it with the lovely smell of wood).  What really makes this bar though is that everyone is seriously so freaking friendly. Once a guy asked me to punch him in the stomach...SUPER friendly because I love punching people.  Another time we sat down at a random table and played a game of RCL with a group of complete strangers, obviously awesome.  One stranger let me play with his iPhone 5 the day it came out just because I noticed it. I've only been mean-mugged like once and those girls clearly got lost looking for Mint, so that's not the Wood's fault.All in all, I love this bar, I can now loudly declare that I love this bar, and if you want to come and be cool and love this bar with me you can. Just leave the mean-mugging in Old Town.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,11/3/2012,295,473,4,6,8>This place is literally within walking distance from my apartment, yet I have passed by it daily. This morning I was hungry for breakfast and had a lot of things to do so I thought I would try something close. I have noticed the parking lot is usually full, so I thought it must be good. I had no idea what type of food they had or what to expect.It was Sunday morning just around 9:30 and I was fortunate to be able to walk in and instantly have a table. The server was very friendly and she checked back often always refilling my coffee. The menu is a little newspaper and it's a bit overwhelming with many options, but I finally settled on the volcano. It is described as three pancakes, 2 sausage links, 2 bacon strips, and an egg. The pancakes are three different sizes and stacked to create a volcano with the egg on top. It was under $9 and I was surprised at the size of it! I attempted but could not finish it. The big pancake was left uneaten. They do have a smaller option for around $6 and that might be the better way to go unless you have just returned from a month long trip through the jungle or plan to share with someone. The server continued to check on me and even offered up a to go cup of coffee. I don't know how I have overlooked this place but based on the experience today, I would put it right at the top of best spots in town for breakfast. I will say come early because by the time I was leaving the lobby was full, people were milling around the parking lot, and the wait to be seated was 15 minutes.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/2/2012,366,184,3,8,6>I am beyond excited about this new discovery! I discovered this place last week and plan to go for the 3rd time already tomorrow. I am excited to be a regular here at this locally owned business. They are the definition of a 5 star spot! They go above and beyond with all that they do. The wine selection is good and very diverse. They even offer my FAVORITE red wine, Apothic, which I've never seen in a wine bar before. They also have fabulous, made in-house red and white sangria's. The spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had! And believe me when I say I've had my fair share of spinach artichoke dips. The atmosphere is exactly what I look for in a wine bar. I cannot wait until the weather cools down so I can spend more time on the amazing patio. I've only peeked but I can tell I will be in love in a few months from now. The service here is just as impressive! The bartender, Amy is so cute and such a sweetheart! She it also meticulous when she shines all of those glasses. Looks like a lot of work but she handles it with ease. This place is at the top of my list. I better be careful or I will be a wino in no time!!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,2/24/2011,82,91,6,12,10>What a fun place!  Fortunately I knew it was IN the Antiques Marketplace because I read all the reviews last night.  As soon as you walk into the Marketplace, you can smell the hot dogs cooking!  Walk towards the left, pass by aisles of "antiques", and once you see all the Pittsburgh sports stuff and a few tables, you've found Pittsburgh Willies.Rand and I had a seat while we were waiting for Lynn and Claire and met Randy the owner.  Very friendly and a gracious host.  Being from Chicago and growing up on Chicago style hot dogs, I was a little unsure about some of the weird combinations on the menu, so I played it safe and went with the 3 Legged Chili and Cheese - almost 1/2 lb of Big Willy sliced in 3 - over a split sesame bun and covered in chili with big pieces of beef and lots of cheese!  Yum!  The hot dog was good quality and the chili was better than I expected.  Had a side of potato salad that was pretty good also.  They have a refrigerator case for your drinks, cans of soda are only $1.  They also had glass bottles of Coke and Pepsi.On Wed they have homemade potato and cheese pierogis and Randy said to call ahead if you're not coming until the evening because they almost always run out before they close at 7pm.  Take a stroll through the Antiques Marketplace after lunch.  They said it's the largest one in Arizona!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,2/23/2011,75,87,12,11,10>This place reminds me of a mullet. Business in the front, and party in the back. In front, this place has all the characteristics of a hardworking, economically priced and noteworthy bagel/bialy business.But in the back, they have a full-blown, totally stacked, BAR! Party time, baby!New York Bagels 'N Bialys cracks me up. For the life of me, I will never understand this place. NYBB is an eerie combination of bagels and booze. Totally random and off the wall - just like my personality, and probably why I enjoy this place. I know it's hard, but try not to judge this book by its cover.Their bagels and bialys are my favorite circular delights in the valley. I'd never even heard of a bialy until Matt and I randomly stumbled upon this spot one hung over morning. I came to realize that bialys are awesome! Instead of getting boiled before being baked like a bagel, a bialy skips the boiling part and just gets baked. Their bialys come in almost all the same flavors as their bagels.NYBB does breakfast and brunch really well. When I used to live in the 85254, I came here almost every weekend. First of all, they make really great nonfat lattes, mimosas and road rash bloody marys. The coffee is around $2-3 depending on what espresso drink you desire, and it's cheaper/tastier than Starbucks. From the breakfast/brunch menu, my favorite dish is the veggie omelet but all the omelets are pretty delish. They have every ingredient combination imaginable, you can sub egg whites, and you get the following sides: a bagel or bialy and cream cheese, in addition to your choice of home fries (greasy deliciousness), cottage cheese, french fries, tomatoes or a potato pancake.I also recommend the house breakfast specials. The bagel with nova lox is to die for and the breakfast burrito is filling but it won't make you feel like an oinker. They also have egg bagels with cheese & bacon, sausage or ham! Oink Oink!I've never been here specifically for lunch or dinner but I have tried a pizza bagel from their lunch menu for brunch. They start at $3.49, and then you can add on your own toppings for 50 cents each! No pre-made garbage here my friends, just deliciousness. As a note, I'm only rating this place of breakfast/brunch and happy hour but FYI, they've got: sandwiches, salads, regular pizzas, nachos, quesadillas, chopped liver & bagels, potatoes and gravy, macaroni & cheese, desserts made from scratch, soups, smoked fish, burgers... oh, and they also cater. Basically, they try to accomplish too much with just one restaurant. Food wise, your best bet is to stick to the bagels, breakfast menu and pizza bagel (the desserts look good too).Then... after you finish business as usual for breakfast... you can come back!! Not only does this place change its name to the Rush Café in the evening but they also get the party started with $1.50 domestics from 4-7pm during their happy hour!!! Your buzz will be buzzing with wine, champagne, premium spirits and cocktails. Whatever your little heart desires!NYBB is one of the cheapest breakfast spots I've found. The wait staff ensemble does consist of a crazy cast of characters (they are all a little "different") but they provide excellent service. Everyone here enjoys engaging customers in conversation.Therefore, instead of giving yourself a mullet (if you do please send pictures), just come here! At NYBB you get business in the front and party in the back, without having to cut your hair.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,2/22/2011,29,135,6,8,8>Well this Chinese buffet just might be my favorite. They have a wide array of food and everything i ate was real good. I started with a bowl of wonton soup and the wontons were packed with meat and very tasty then it was on to the hot foods and the excellent were the ribs,roast beef,beef pie,chicken wings, Polish sausage and the pork tenderloin. Then it was on to the sweets and they were good to, I had coconut cheesecake , fresh cut pineapple, real ice cream ,and some kind of pie that was really good but when I asked what it was all they could tell me was cake. when i asked what kind of cake they just said cake, but anyway what ever it was it was damn good. I really look forward to returning here this place rocks,
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,2/21/2011,91,41,8,11,8>RnR strikes me as a casual, urban place to meet up for drinks and a bite to eat. It's not what comes to mind when I think old town Scottsdale, but places like this popping up are helping to change my mind about the area. Unfortunately after I was finished I was reminded that it's still old town when I walked by a pan flute band on Main St.The old town parking corral is directly behind RnR, you can get to it from the alley next to RnR or off of 2nd Street.The space has a refreshing, industrial feel. I was impressed by the thought put into the seating options. Inside mostly features traditional high top tables for four, but I noticed they had a table near the bar that could seat at least 12. The downstairs patio features another bar, and both table and lounge chair seating. The upstairs patio has the best date seating, lots of tables for two.There was a lot of staff working during my visit. The host was friendly, and my waiter was attentive. My water was never empty and I got my sandwich in under 10 minutes. If anything they were a little too eager to please. I was both impressed and bemused when my waiter refilled my water glass, apparently noticed my ice had mostly melted, then returned with a scoop of ice to add to my cup.I just got a grilled cheese (which includes tomato and bacon) on my visit, I had dinner plans later but I was interested in feeling this place out. I really enjoyed it. The bread is cut pretty thick, which made me a little nervous. But it had a wonderful texture, and after a few bites I decided it worked for me and didn't overpower the delicious sharp cheddar and bacon like I expected.I look forward to returning to try other meals, and to sample what the bar has to offer. I understand RnR will have both late night hours and breakfast service. This is a great place to visit any time of day, but I'm excited about having a new, good place I can frequent after (or during) a night out.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2010,2/20/2011,175,67,20,15,18>Lola Coffee, a new favorite. To the tune of Copacabana (At the Copa) by Barry Manilow.Her name was Lola, She served me java.With awesome windows everywhere and comfy couches here and thereShe does espresso, and cappuccinoGuests come from near and far, sitting cozy at the barAcross the airy room, Sunday 7 till 2They serve ciabatta with jam and butterWho could ask for more?At the Lola (Lo!), Coffee cabana,The hottest spot West on the Metro.At the Lola (Lo!) Coffee cabana,Coffee with passion is clearly the fashion.At the Lola.....I fell in love.[smooth Lola Coffee cabana interlude]His name was Daniel, he wanted fair-trade,As you walk over to your chair, organic roast is in the air.When you're finished, check out el baño,You don't have to go too far, the cleaning's up to par.And there's wifi too, and soft chairs for you.They serve drip or caffe latte-One shot or two?At the Lola (Lo!), Coffee cabana,The hottest spot West on the Metro.At the Lola (Lo!) Coffee cabana,Coffee with passion is clearly the fashion.At the Lola.....you'll fall in love.[very long, but smooth, Lola Coffee cabana interlude]Her name is Lola, she'll serve you java, Americano, matador, peace on earth, and juice and more.Now high prices, are not for Lola.She'll charge you fair and square, scones and muffins made with care.You'll sit there so refined, and drink yourself half-blind,with so much caffeine it won't be funny!Now I've lost my mind!At the Lola (Lo!), Coffee cabana,The hottest spot West on the Metro.At the Lola (Lo!) Coffee cabana,Coffee with passion is clearly the fashion.At the Lola.....just fall in love.[Repeat refrain. And enjoy the coffee.]
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2010,2/19/2011,175,392,10,9,7>So this was my first crack at Yoga. I went on a free pass, and ended up buying a package. I was all self conscious thinking I'd either A) be the only dude in there with a bunch of chicks or B) be surrounded by total yoga robots that would obliterate my existence. Not so, not at all. The classes have been great, with a healthy mix of rookies like myself and full on pretzel people. No seriously, I'm pretty convinced this one girl is a pretzel person from the planet pretzelator in the pretzelatonian galaxy. (and that's a compliment)I've been to roughly 6 classes and enjoy it every single time. The instructors are very patient and helpful. The classes truly seem to welcome you with open arms, which is great.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,2/18/2011,327,204,6,17,13>I've passed by Regio's plenty of times and I wish I had tried them sooner! Tucked right next to the 51 on Indian School, Regio's is far from an optimum location, but I can agree with most of the other reviews so far and say that the food is poppin'! I got a gordita plate from them on New Year's Day, and I was way surprised! It was delicious, and it helped settle my stomach after a night of properly ringing in 2011...I want to go back as I write this to try their sopes! If their carne asada and their al pastor gorditas are any indicator, I will sure be in for a delicious treat! If you live in Central Phoenix and fancy some good, cheap Mexican food from a local joint, get your buns over to Regio's. I personally think I found my new regular spot for some Mexican chow.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,2/17/2011,331,207,8,13,11>Oh, how I missed the tofu soup and bulgogi combo in this cold weather.  The best combo deal you will find in a Korean Restaurant.  They have excellent dishes that will warm your body and your tummy.   My other favorites are bibmbap in the hot stone pot,  Korean BBQ, Chap Chae,  Sul Lung Tang, Mandoo Gook, Katsu plate (huge), and seafood pancake ( it should be an entree instead of an appetizer).  They offer excellent lunch specials for less than $6.00.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,2/16/2011,68,47,20,21,21>Important lesson learned today.. Sometimes traffic can lead to good things? Leaving La Purisima Bakery and on my way to the Esplanade to pick up a few things. I needed to turn left but it was not going to happen anytime this century so right it was. Trying to find a place to turn around I spot this place out of the corner of my eye. I pull one of those jackass right turn from the middle lane moves and come hurdling into the parking lot.. Food emergency! I should have a siren or something.Walked in the door and the first thing I notice is one of the display cases is filled with ritter sports bars... ALL OF THE RITTER SPORTS BARS! Most of these had to be imported as they are not available in the US. Some of them I had never even heard of. It also appeared they had most if not all of the Milka bars. Under that was a huge selection of Lindt choclate bars.My eyes continued to wonder up the case as I notice.. oh cool they have the dark and light Niederegger Marzipan.. and OHHH MYYY GOD! is that what I think it is?? Niederegger Weissbrot Marzipan.. This is THE stuff. There are few things in this world that cannot be made better by adding chocolate and this is one of them. Niederegger makes some of the best marzipan and I've always been upset that I can only find the chocolate covered stuff. It only takes away from their superior product. I am unaware of anyone else who carries the weirssbrot in the valley. You can order it online, *sometimes*, by the case and that's just not safe for me. This was turning out to be one of the best Saturdays ever ;) I would go into the differences between American/European marzipan but am trying to cut down on babble in my reviews.. like this.. *fail* en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ma…I asked the nice lady at the counter if there was anything else "that I should not go without" she said sadly they had sold out of most of what they made that day but that they had some fresh coconut macaroons. Again.. I thought maybe I had died crossing traffic like that and ended up in my own personal happy place. Although far from a regional specialty of the bakeries decent I had to get one. It was flat, which was very strange, and half of it had been dipped into dark chocolate. All I knew was that I was glad there were 4+ people coming to dinner to help me eat all of this stuff or I WOULD eat it all by myself and get sick.If nothing else make a trip here to treat yourself to some chocolate you won't find anywhere else. Everything else is just a bonus :)
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,2/15/2011,280,572,10,13,12>These little piggies come from a small farm in Nebraska still run by the family of one of the co-founders of Pork on a Fork.  Of course, the prices are higher than that you would pay in the mega grocery stores today.  But for me, not only do I get better quality, I get peace of mind in knowing that the little piggies were raised humanely with fresh air and exercise, and they were not pumped full of growth hormones.I ordered the premium package for $50 and received 4 boneless chops (about 6 oz each), a package of 2 ham steaks, a pound of bacon, and a pound of pulled pork (smoked over pecan wood).  Everything is frozen, so you can just pop it in your freezer until ready to use, and everything is delicious.  The pulled pork is the winner for me since all I have to do is heat it!You can order and pay on-line and specify which farmers' market you would like to pick up from (their calendar is on the website).  Couldn't be easier.  Although my first order was put in the wrong freezer and sent to another market, they quickly made up my package on-site and took my word for it that I had already paid.  They also have a restaurant opening this month, I believe, at 15th Ave & Deer Valley Rd!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,4/20/2013,311,459,6,17,12>This little restaurant is a gem of a find! There might just be a bit of confusion about the name, because the signage in front says "Bisteces", with "Cuban Bakery & Restaurant" appended to it, while their business card (and facebook page) says "Cuban Foods Bakery & Restaurant."  I had lunch here with Rand H., Mike C., Scott W., and Jose C. and it was a really enjoyable gathering. Our hostess was so friendly and gracious, and the food was great! We shared some delectable croquetas for appetizers and I ordered my favorite ropa vieja - it was such a savory delight. It came with a side of moros y cristianos - black beans and rice, made even more flavorful with pork cubes (sorry, vegans). I'll let my other friends tell you of their orders in their reviews, but this restaurant is certainly one to return to often - and I will, because it is so near where I live, and the prices are really good.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,4/19/2013,699,631,5,12,8>It was Sat morning and I was with my friend and we were headed to the dog park and said hey lets grab a bite to eat, so we stopped at Bagel Nosh. I love bagels, so why not!This was my 1st time at a bagel nosh and I have to say, what a nice selection of bagels they have to offer. I picked out a jalapeno & cheese bagel that was still warm from the oven and jalapeno cream cheese. Like I said the bagel was still warm and the cream cheese really surprised me, they have whole slices of jalapenos in the cream cheese, that right there was the bomb!  Delish I tell you!  Fresh bagels & great cream cheese perfectly paired together!
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,4/18/2013,292,423,4,9,9>Great customer service from both Hostess/Waitress: Meyung and Sushi Chef: Xingh.Beautiful atmosphere. Pricey - had 15 piece sashimi and the portion/slices are small and cut thin.  I posted a picture, but deceiving since there is a huge pile of daikon underneath. Yummy items. I'll be back for sure! :)
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,4/17/2013,795,565,4,12,6>Yeah!  Kickass Asian fast food!No "bobo plates", no little sterno grill to burn your own food, no 70s "Oriental" restaurant ambiance.  This is the REAL THING.  Just knock your socks off, FRESH Asian cuisine to please many palates.  Want veggie?  There's LOTS of vegetarian options for you made to order and brought to your table fast.  Chinese?  Sure.  Japanese?  That too.  They even have pho and curry plates.  You'll get a satisfying mound of food for $10 including bottomless drink.  My only caveat: don't bother having a big conversation with the person you may be eating with--this place is LOUD.  That's okay--you'll have too much fun eating to want to talk that much.Look, I'm from the SF Bay Area, where Asian joints abound.  This place would totally outdo a lot of the spots back home if it were in the Bay.  Best Asian spot so far that I've been to in the Valley.  If there's a better one, I have yet to find it.Go.  Eat.  Stuff thyself.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/16/2013,253,210,8,13,10>The Travis L. Williams Post is a great venue for community and neighborhood events.  Some people know this place as a place where people can go and party and drink.  Don't get me wrong, they certainly do have their party nights here!  But this party spot also supports the community by allowing community organizations to host events in the location with little to absolutely no hassle.  They have hosted community events such as election watch parties, private parties, sorority/fraternity fundraisers and wine tasting fundraisers.  For that, I give this place 5 Stars.  My favorite time to go here was on Wednesday nights for the line dancing practice.  I haven't been in a couple of months, but I would substitute a workout in the gym for a trip to the Legion to learn line dances and kick up my heels.  Awesome environment because I can go in my jeans or work clothes and put on a pair of heels.  No worries about if I'm dressed to the nines and I can dance for 2 straight hours!  Whoooweeee!  that's the best time for me.  The ladies on the dance floor kicking up their heels and helping each other get the steps right while the men sit around the bar sipping their cocktails and chatting it up.I know on other nights there are dance classes there as well.  I've also been here a time or two on the nights when the Legion actually operates as a club.  This is why I kick down the review a notch from a 5 star.  The Legion as a club serves it's purpose.  It is an around the way, club and you get an "around the way experience" at the Legion.  If you are from around the way, you'll enjoy it.  That said, you know the drinks are strong enough to leap tall buildings in a single bound by gholly!  The food is that of a neighborhood club with a kitchen...  I love it that, there's a kitchen in the club and a window where you order the food from.  They have fried wings and fish.  I'm not even sure if they serve anything else.  That's because I've never ordered anything else!  haha... I love good wings and the Legion's wings are that - Good.  NOTE: when I've gone on non-club nights, the kitchen and bar are usually open.The Legion is one multi-faceted facility.   If you are on that side of town or you cater to the folks in that area, or if you're just looking for a venue that is low-hassle,  this could be a facility for you.  Drive by there and check them out.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,4/15/2013,91,43,2,5,6>Flo's kung pao chicken is the closest I've had in the US to what I used to eat in China. It's phenomenal! This alone merits 5 stars.Flo's service is also fast and extraordinary. All dishes are great, but I wouldn't even consider leaving out the kung pao chicken!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,4/14/2013,399,148,7,9,7>This place is beautiful! I love the open atmosphere it creates with long large tables, large chairs and open windows and doors to the patio area. The chandeliers hanging in the main dining area add just that bit of "fancy" the place needs, perfect touch. I really enjoy the patio seating this time of year, even though you are sat close together to other groups for some reason you still get a privacy vibe. I don't know if it's the way the tables are set up, or the company I was with! They have a small stage inside that they have live music played some nights, but I don't really enjoy it for I feel its a little too much for the restaurant.The food is delicious! We decided to get the onion dip and chips for an appetizer, something really easy that you can eat at home right? Well Culinary makes a great dip! We couldn't stop ourselves, trying to remember that our main courses were coming! I had the rainbow trout! I NEVER eat fish so when I am randomly craving it, this place is where I come. It's smothered in almonds and this delicious creamy sauce...... HANDS OFF I don't share this dish. My boyfriend decided to ordered the fried chicken (which you have to wait a little extra time for) and it was definitely worth the wait. The chicken was moist and tender and the sides of mashed potatoes and coleslaw were like eating at grandma's house.I am very impressed with the staff here. On a Wednesday night, it was pretty packed, for 2 we had to wait about 30 minutes but the staff is very courteous by grabbing your cell number and texting you when your table is ready. The bar had a few open seats, so we were able to have a drink before dinner. I like that there are no uniforms here, each of the staff members are able to show off their individuality and personality with the way they dress, which I feel makes them more comfortable and friendly. Its really hipster, the staff is very friendly and laid back! If you're not paying attention it does make it a little hard to find your waitress or waiter, but you should be so kind to pay attention to the people taking care of you for the evening.Certainly a great place to put on your list. Great location, great atmosphere, great staff and delicious food! Keep it up Culinary!!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,4/12/2013,1114,557,6,8,6>It's been almost 2 years since I've been here. the fact that they're still open is a good sign. I tried the to slice in a drink combo again today.The crust is amazing, thin and crispy yet chewy at the same time.The butter garlic sauce on the back of the crust was excellent. The cheese was fresh the sauce was light but good, I would recommend extra sauce. Service was good, the owner asked how everything was and made some suggestions. Too bad I am outside their delivery area.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/11/2013,186,135,11,8,8>My dog has been a giant buttface lately. We go to work and come home to pizza boxes ripped to shreds, Tupperware bitten and bent, and/or trash strewn everywhere. Husband insists that it's the cat, but we all know that's not true because cats are angels and sleep all day when we aren't home, patiently waiting for our arrival to begin purring again. Anyway, the dog has been going batshit crazy being cooped up in the house since she doesn't like going outside when it's cold, also known as the only time we can take her out- morning & evening. Being the nice people we are, we thought we'd be awesome pet parents if we took her on a car ride out to Cosmo's to sniff some new dog butts and stretch those lovely legs of hers.We ARE awesome pet parents!! The place is pretty huge and Tatum was thrilled. Lots of space for her to run and since we were all the way in Gilbert, as opposed to our normal Scottsdale stomping grounds, she was meeting all sorts of new pups. She wasn't crazy about running in the dirt (did that place once have grass? I would have liked to seen more grass), but she was all over the place anyway. We were really interested to see if Tatum would be interested in the water side of it. The only time she's gone in water was when she was running after a gaggle of geese at Roadrunner Park and lost track of the direction they were escaping to. Turns out, she doesn't mind getting wet up to her chest, but THAT'S IT. We lost a ball to the deep end during her test of endurance. Live and learn.There were some serious water dogs out there though. Very cool to watch how eagerly they run off the pseudo-pier after the floaty toys their owners toss in. We also enjoyed the stairs and catwalk that the dogs could walk up, across, and down on. There were a few other big things the dogs could climb on that Tatum obliged us with, but I didn't notice much shade and, again, the place had little to no grass so it was pretty dusty. But the pup was pleased and pooped, so that's two puppy paws up!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/10/2013,357,214,7,7,8>Visited the stadium for the first time yesterday and overall really enjoyed the facility.  Parking was easy and 5 bucks and the grounds are beautiful with several practice fields surrounding the main stadium.  Ticket takers and ushers were friendly and helpful since we'd never been there before, and my first question was...."Where can I get a margarita?"  I was pointed in the direction of Salty Senorita, and soon I was a happy girl with my drink.I had purchased 2 $21-dollar tickets off the 3rd base line behind the Dbacks dugout.  I don't think this stadium has a bad seat.  And shade is plentiful, which was a little chilly yesterday, but will come in handy soon enough here in AZ.  We were enjoying the view and then were joined in the row behind us by grandpa, dad, and 2-yr-old Kicky and 4-yr-old Screamy.  SOOOOOO.....we decided to mosey on around the park and look for another tasty beverage.Speaking of tasty beverages, I love the fact that they have AZ and CO craft brews represented.  I think I scared a guy when I jumped up and asked him, "Where did you get that Oskar Blues beer?!?!?"  He was happy to tell me.  It was a good experience overall.  If I were to go again, I would just buy the cheapest ticket possible because if you get tired of the grass, there are plenty of other places to sit.  Being a Sunday I wasn't too shocked that it was a bit of a romper room with unattended crumbsnatchers everywhere.  And, we were highly entertained by the two May-December couples sitting at the back of the grass area with the chippies giving their "daddies" pseudo lap dances.  I hope some children got an education that day.  I know we got a good laugh.  Oh yeah baby, you've got to earn that platinum card.  Well, to wrap up, the Dbacks lit it up and it was a more exciting game than expected.  When we left it was a breeze getting out onto Pima, so yeah, if you haven't been, go.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,9/25/2011,100,799,5,10,10>Dropped in here about 11:30 this morning, joining a few other hungry diners.  After going over the menu with Miss Wahini I ordered an Island Dog (one of many choices) with an upgrade to the 1/3 lb. size Bratwurst ($5.50), & a large side of chili ($2.50).  The Island Dog also features Chipotle Garlic mayo, Maui mustard, coconut, pineapple, & bacon on a big, fluffy, fresh yellow hot dog bun.  I was advised that the chili here is vegetarian & I'm a meatie, but I went ahead & took a chance with it.  (It came topped with cheese & it was good.)This is a small place, with seating for 20 inside, plus room for 25 or 30 more out on the shaded front patio.  It's only been here since July, but it looks like the old dives you see along the beach, such as the ones that I grew up with in Newport Beach, CA.  The food was always great at those places, & it wasn't going to surprise me if would be here, too.  Meanwhile, I could almost hear the sea gulls & smell the salt air as I waited.  Then pretty soon my chili arrived, along with the big dog stretched out in an oval basket.The long and short of it was this:  Generous portions of unusual food in a charming atmosphere.  Oh...  and SENSATIONAL TASTE!  (That's one thing, isn't it?)  This place is magical!     :-))
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,9/24/2011,666,231,15,11,10>Taco tuesdays never looked so good!or tasted so good for that matter.The rumors are true, the hype is justified and the myth is in the making.SMG is what everyone says, and couldnt be more deserving of all the praises fellow yelpers have heaped onto them; they are ab-fab.From the second I walked in I was greeted with smiles and warmth, in fact throughout my meal I felt an extreme sense of deja vu, it wasnt until the ride home that I realized that the owner and my grandmother might in fact be long lost twins separated at birth! All kidding aside, the owner is one sweet little lady, talk about customer service oy vay!The Carne Asada? game over. Hands down the best in the valley.When I ordered my taco platter I didnt even specify what delicious type of meat I'd wanted, she looked at me, smiled, and knowingly suggested the carne asada, to which I heartily agreed. The calibre of the food here is just incredible. So good that it could probably cure rascism. NO.JOKE.If sheriff joe ate here, he'd probably repent hole-heartedly, doubling down on his knees prostrating himself on the floor and weeping the sorry tears of a man whose seen his folly and begs forgiveness. I would challenge any white supremacist to eat here and say one bad thing about Mexico afterward. Sonora Mesquite Grill is the solution to Arizona's bad rap, sure we can produce ignorant rascist laws like SB-1070, but hey, we also have places like Sonora Mesquite Grill! Sonora Mesquite Grill is The Jesus, and nobody fucks with the Jesus.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,9/23/2011,744,637,11,15,8>I ate lunch here with my friend John, and I have to agree with him that 4 stars is a good rating for them. I like the fact that they are very accommodating to vegetarians. You can order anything from the menu, and they will replace the meat with either crispy or boiled tofu. The portions are also huge! I could not finish my dish. It was totally worth the money,  it is a clean restaurant,  and very inexpensive too. Not the most authentic Chinese food out there, but for the price and the amount of food that you get it is excellent. It is also close to the light rail, so that is a big plus.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,9/22/2011,331,207,6,12,12>After a long afternoon lying by the pool, hungry, looking for happy hour deals, we found Hiro Sushi in N. Scottsdale.  No happy hour here, but they offer high quality Japanese food at an affordable price. My favorite was the tempura dish. It was perfectly fried and so crispy.  You can taste that they used clean oil to fry, not like other restaurants.  The sushi rolls were very fresh and well prepared. This is my new favorite Japanese restaurant in N. Scottsdale.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,9/21/2011,367,306,6,9,12>I'm in LOVE! I came here after purchasing a Groupon... We sat on the patio enjoying the great weather. Our server was great and we quickly found out he was the Owner/Chef. They were offering two liquors that evening and one was a Vodka filtered 5 times through white rose petals. There are no mixers so it was served over ice. It was THE best vodka I have ever had! We ordered the Artichoke and Salami pizza and the Portuguese style mussels to share. The owner recommended the pizza since it was our first visit. It was WONDERFUL! I couldn't get enough. I normally do not like tomatoes with my shellfish but I was easily convinced that the Portuguese style were the best, so I gave in and boy am I glad i did!!! I was actually eating the tomatoes out of the broth (if you know me that is amazing!). We had parked our car right in front of the patio we were sitting on... While the car parked in front of us was leaving they crashed into our car and began causing a scene...(long story short) The owner stayed with us until the police arrived and made sure everything was taken care of properly. He was so amazing and sincerely concerned about our safety. We owe him big time! Thanks again and I will be back very soon!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,9/20/2011,156,35,19,14,6>Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat Meat............MEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAT!!!!!!!  Guess who got a new grill/smoker and has been smoking the living crap out of every piece of meat he comes across..... No not the Dalai Lama... Why would you even think that? Weirdo.  ME! I did. That's who, ME!!  So I stopped by the old Von Hanson's butcher shop to check out the selection.  It is a great little shop.  It reminds me of a butcher shop that would be in Back to the Future. The butchers are wearing all white and  are very patient and knowledgeable about meat.  As far as I can tell they come in pairs like the Sith do, there was the master and an apprentice. The master was an older man who is very kind and well spoken and the apprentice has a mustache like Wesley from the Princess bride.  I ended up getting two racks of ribs for the price of one.  It was a sweet Yelp deal that I was happy to take advantage of.  I also got a sheet of beef jerky about the size and shape of Rocky's head from Mask.  They have probably the best beef jerky that I have ever tasted.  Even if you're just stopping in for a gander, you have to get a piece of jerky. It is worth the drive.I think I got three movie references into this review.  Not a record by any stretch, but worthy of a mention.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,9/19/2011,795,565,7,12,11>Yelp just reminded me about this place saying, "You have a draft."Well, it's a draft no longer.One reason that many pet stores suck in the small animal department is that they don't always sex their little guys properly.  We learned this first hand when we discovered that the second guinea pig sow we bought was actually a boar, and our sow was pregnant.  Due to a lack of hormone production, our little girl had neither milk nor maternal instinct, and we lost all four pups.Knowing that birth was very risky for guinea pigs, we found the Arizona Exotic Animal Hospital that very day (Saturday), and rushed her over as well as her lost litter.  This is not a vet for dogs and cats.  These folks handle exclusively exotics like rodents, lizards, birds, fish, and I was told that they even had coral as a patient once.We knew right away that our little Cocoa was in good hands with Dr. Johnson.  She was still bleeding and was listless and underweight.  He prescribed an antibiotic as a guard against infection as well as a good aftercare regimen.  As for the lost pups, they know someone who will, free of charge, cremate all animal remains in a dignified manner.  I think this is wonderful--at least you know that your beloved lost pet won't end up in a scrap bucket or used for dissections somewhere.  These folks really do care.  They even called us back after a couple of days to make sure that Cocoa was doing all right.About a week and a half later, we found that our girl was not eating at all anymore and was starting to lose a dangerous amount of weight.  Back to Dr. Johnson.  Judging from what he saw, he then prescribed a probiotic to help her gut get going again.  Now, less than a week later, her appetite is improving, and she is eating her veggies once more.Two great experiences with the Arizona Exotic Animal Hospital earns five great stars from us.  Our girl is on the mend and we are very happy.  There are a lot of great vets in the Valley, but for small animal care, accept no substitutes.  If you need care for your exotic, you need professionals that have the experience and specialization that they do.  Look no further.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,9/18/2011,302,469,6,7,6>* WOW! How can I possibly be the first one to write a review for the new Stingray Sushi in Scottsdale Quarter? YAY ME. Well I was there last Friday for Happy Hour. As always get there early because by the time we left, that place was PACKED! The bar area is nice. Small inside and very nice outside, but alas, until it cools down, inside is the way to go for me. Drinks - They have great drink specials on happy hour. Their Geisha A-Go-Go martini is fresh watermelon with grey goose! Double score as that sucker is delicious!! Sushi- all their rolls are good. We had every roll on their happy hour menu except the california roll and let's just say the sushi was fresh, and melt in your mouth good. I think our entire bill came to maybe $40 which is pretty cheap for the three of us that were there. I will most definitely be back to visit this location, especially since it is right around the corner from my job :)
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,9/17/2011,311,459,6,12,9>What an excellent lunch I had here! Rand H. organized a little UYE for this place with Mike C., Robyn N., Arlin B. and myself. The establishment is in a rather cramped commercial strip but the restaurant itself is quite roomy, although it doesn't look it at first when you enter. I ordered a ceviche appetizer; this was the best ceviche I've ever had -- I would come here just for this! For my entree, I had the bistecas y huevos with rice and beans; it came with sides of avocado and Mexican cheese. I also had a refreshing glass of mango agua fresca which accompanied the meal perfectly. Great food, great prices, and great service even when the place is busy - no wonder this place is so popular.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,9/16/2011,357,399,19,15,15>Dear Mr. Johnston,The trifecta that is Liberty Market, Joe's Real BBQ and Joe's Farm Grill are bad for my diet.  I'm not saying it's your fault but if the food at your fine establishments were not so darm fresh and tasty, I would be thinner.  I crave your food.  And when I went to Joe's Farm Grill for the first time it was so good, I went back the very next day!!  Obviously you love what you do and we reap the benefits so thank you!  But my waistline does not thank you.  Sincerely, Lynn W.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,8/24/2007,2083,305,6,6,6>My rating is based on this first review... not on the second.On my first visit to Z Tejas, I went at lunchtime with 2 guys from Boeing.  We had to sit at the bar since the restaurant was so crowded.  As I scanned the menu, the Grilled Green Chile Pork Enchiladas with green chile sauce and a tomato-avocado chopped salad caught my eye... and I'm glad it did.I dont necessarily consider myself an 'enchilada' type of guy, but this dish provided me with the best I've ever tasted.  I recommend this dish, with no reservations.Now for my second review.My boss and I headed to Z Tejas today.  I figured that I'd mix it up and try something new.  Bad choice.I was feeling a bit famished, so I ordered the more expensive menu item, which was Jack's Five-Cheese Macaroni Achiote.  The grilled chicken with bleu, Jack, cheddar, parmesan and romano cheeses and bacon gratin sounded like a complete winner.Where to begin?The dish incorporates real cheese, which I would normally find appetizing.  However, in this case, the entree was served piping hot, causing the cheese to string everywhere.  Kind of messy for a lunchtime meal.  So, I ate slow, in hopes that the threadlike curd would solidify some.  Well, it did, but it also left, what can only be depicted as an oily scramble, in the bottom of the bowl, due to separation.  Delectable!Well, I decided to ease up on the 'roni, and move on to the chicken, which was served with skin on.  Visually, the skin looked crispy... but I realized my peepers were punked when I chewed up on some rubbery epidermis.Swoop Says: skip the mac 'n cheeze, go for the whole enchilada!In other news, the server at the bar was top notch.  She refilled my palmer again and again, until my bladder shouted: 'Uncle!'.  When you need some pampering, saddle up to the bar.BIRTHDAY BONUS: Signup for their birthday club and get an annual $10 coupon in your email.~Swoop
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2007,8/23/2007,11,30,1,6,4>I've been two Pie-Zanos twice now and I think my wife did the best job of describing the format of this unique dining experience:  Subway for Pizza.  Of course, this is not to imply that Pie-Zanos is staffed by mouth-breathing "pizza artists" or stocked with sub-par ingredients and generally filthy.  On the contrary, this "Subway of Pizza" is staffed by congenial and hip 20-30 somethings who are eager to please by heaping  tons of fresh and flavorful ingredients  onto your individual personalized pizza. Pie-Zanos allows you to pick from wheat or white dough and from up to 8 different sauces.  From there you can add herbs and crust flavoring and then you can pick from 6-8 different cheeses.  Then you select from the widest selection of pizza toppings you'll find anywhere.   The fare is basically affordable as long as you don't go apeshit on toppings (55 cents each after the first).   As a special bonus they have Pepsi products.   I have also enjoyed the breadshits which are fresh and delightful and pair nicely with the traditional red marinara as well as the tomato-pesto. My only complaints with Pie-Zanos and what keeps it from achieving 5 stars is how busy it gets at lunch, limited indoor seating and the fact that they allow children's birthday parties which, when mixed with ubiquitous bad parenting, quickly turns a hip and snazzy pizza joint into a Chuck-E-Cheese's.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2007,8/22/2007,53,47,4,6,2>The Esplanade is a decent movie theater to go to.  We are currently in a bit of a fight though, as they've decided to stop selling Snickers Popables.  It might not be entirely their fault, maybe more of a corporate decision, but I think I'm going to start sneaking my own treats in after that slap in the face.Besides disagreeing as to acceptable movie snacks (they replaced the Popables with Goldfish crackers), I'll usually choose this theater over others, if only for it's proximity to my house and the mostly civilized crowd.  I find less screaming babies in R-rated movies at this theater than at, say, AMC Arizona Center.  Sometimes you get some annoying, giggly teens and pre-teens, which is why post-city-mandated-curfew shows are great.I never have figured out why they can't seem to solve the problem of the garbage odor though.  It's not always present, but when it is, it's there in full force.  I'm guessing it's the food garbage from the restaurants, but I can't think that their neighbor, the Ritz-Carlton, is a big fan of that stink wafting over.Some tips:* If you want to avoid parking lines, park underground.  (This may only be useful after business hours and on weekends.)  If you come in off 24th Street, the entrance to the underground parking is to the right.  It's kind of creepy, but you can usually park right by the elevators and avoid the reeeeeally long lines that occur when almost all 14 theaters let out at the same time.* If you're afraid to park underground, simply go downstairs and get an ice cream/coffee/pastry/drink at one of the restaurants and bars on the ground level.  By the time you get your food or drink and get back to your car, you've most likely avoided the line.  Don't be too leisurely though, or you'll catch the next exodus and the circle will start all over again.* If you take the stairs, make sure you make note of which side of the stairs you came up.  There are two sets on each side of the theater and if you go down the wrong side, the entrance to your floor will be a non-descript little door rather than the wide open double-doored entrance that you recognize.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/13/2007,8/21/2007,201,379,16,7,8>Are scruffy, unshaven brown guys wearing beatup Oakland A's tshirts allowed into a hoity shopping mall's premium ice cream establishment? I say yes.Once upon a time, I was in college, and there was this Haagen Dazs located in downtown La Jolla, and 18 year-old me thought, "Dude, that's like rich people's ice cream. It's probably $10 per scoop. I'm just wearing birkenstocks, shorts, and a beatup Oakland A's tshirt. Let's go to Thrifty's instead."Fast forward to much later in time, and I find myself still wearing birkenstocks, shorts, and a beatup Oakland A's tshirt (although not the same one, just so you know). I'm not wandering around La Jolla but the Biltmore mall in Phoenix because I was looking for a book at Borders. I'm not a college student anymore but a professional guy working for The Man, although you couldn't tell from what I was wearing. I may as well still be a student. It's a mighty balmy evening, and the Haagen Dazs is just there, lying in wait, like a preying mantisI take the bait and walk in.Two kids half my age work behind the counter and I look for ice cream flavors that I'm sure I'd like. Their chocolate mint is not fluorescent Incredible Hulk green so I miss it on the first few scan-by's. I also take note of the tub of Mayan Chocolate, thinking that if it's anything like Mitchell's Mexican Chocolate or Maggie Mudd's Habanero Chocolate back in San Francisco, then these guys have found a repeat customer. I ask one of the kids for a scoop of the choc mint and the Mayan."So, do you like, like the A's?"(sarcastic thought bubble - "Nope. I hate the A's. I just like wearing green and found this shirt in the bargain bin at Wal-Mart.") "Yeah, I like the A's.""Oh. 'Cause I like the Giants."* awkward silence *Eventually I get my ice cream and I sit outside, taking in the amazing view of the mall's parking lot and the Camelback Esplanade beyond. I try a spoonful of each flavor, and to my disappointment, neither is as good as I was expecting, although both were rich as far as creaminess went. Given that I just paid a super burrito's price for two scoops of ice cream, this was kind of a bum deal. They're not bad and don't taste like Windex like that one time I went to Sugar Bowl in Scottsdale, but they're somewhat lacking in flavor - especially the Mayan Chocolate which I was expecting to blow me away. I sit and eat the ice cream anyway, ignoring the two rich 14 year olds making out yards away (with the girl multi-tasking by talking on her cell phone at the same time).  A little 5 year old girl at the next table over asks her mom why that brother and sister were kissing each other like that."Sweetie, if those two are brother and sister, then they have some serious problems. Let's hope they're not related."And there you have it. Sex ed in front of Haagen Dazs. This place does have value after all.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2007,8/20/2007,332,375,5,7,5>Eyebrow? Want 2 Eyebrows? Go to Lee.  She is by far THE BEST EYEBROW WAX I have ever encountered.  I've gone to her for 5 years now and I have never been disappointed.  Don't believe me?  Look at my pictures... those brows would connect if Lee did not take good care of me (thanks, Italian genes!!) I also get my manis and pedis here-- WONDERFUL!  Clean, friendly and affordable.    The pedicure chairs are to die for and it is very relaxing.  I would never go any other place than My Nail Salon.*** Note:  Lee does not baby or pamper you in waxing, it is strictly, wax, rip --ouch-- move on..... she does do this forehead beating/massage quickly after wards-- it can be startling at first-- just a warning.  The outcome is flawless though.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,8/19/2007,13,14,,5,3>First, I want to say that whoever listed the address on this place, was DEAD WRONG, because I ended up at Dick's Hideaway. OMG this place is magic. You must must MUST go down the murky stairs to the dimly lit bar with real candles illuminating the room. They serve lunch and dinner down there now, too.I ordered a nice red, and was also pleased at the selection of micro-brews available. (The bf loves his porters!) Happy Hour is until 6pm...and all small plates (like tapas) are only $5!!!! You must try a few...especially the Veal Meatballs.I ordered the surf and turf (6oz beef tenderloin topped with 2 lg shrimp and jalapeno hollandaise, two dungess crab enchiladas and pinto beans) YUM! This food was simply divine. Oh, and if you get an entree, make sure you get the spinach salad (one of three salad choices). The bf, who is less adventurous in his cuisine choices chose the chicken enchiladas, which he ate every bit of. The atmosphere is sophistacted, but not uppity, the service is superb and the wine list is nice, but not too pricey. You must go at least once in your life.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,8/18/2007,215,519,5,4,5>i am really happy right now, cause i just had round 2 of my wrap from that's a wrap!but...Wow, i didn't realize how lucky i was to beat the lunchtime crowd here. I have been meaning to go here for several months, but like our first reviewer, can't go out of my way when during their normal biz hours.but, i had heard so much about it, i like green so much that i jumped at the chance to stop by after a rare 10 a.m. downtown meeting. i got there at about 11:30 and there was plenty of parking (by plenty i mean only three of the lots 10 or so spots were occupied), but, even though i knew what the building looked like from driving past its closed doors so many times before, i still cruised right on past while heading south on 7th st. i went into the second entrance to the lot that wraps behind the building and oops! that's an exit only. i had to do some fancy manuevering and a 3-point-turn (haven't lost my skills since driving test '98 - woot!) to face the right way and get into a spot.normally, i would be pretty annoyed at all this, but i was too excited to try a refreshing vegetable-heavy wrap on such a damn hot day. and that's a wrap! did not disappoint. while i waited for my companion, i looked over the menu and was surprised at how many of the items were hot or grilled. i was kind of heartbroken until i saw the daily special, chicken salad with avocado, lettuce, veggie mayo in a flavored wrap (all the tortillas are flavored, making the choosing process that much more painstaking).once i had my order on lockdown, i checked out the art on the walls of this early 1900's house-turned cafe. not my taste (the subjects were robotic kind of monsters with drippy limbs, i thought of pink floyd the wall, while my friend likened it to what a 15 yr old metal head stoner doodles during class) although they had skateboard art, also, which was better. then i picked up a java magazine and flipped through it...basically, if you come alone, you won't look like a loser, there's plenty to keep you busy.blah blah blah - long story short, the wrap was great, although on sides menu i chose "house chips" thinking they would homemade potato chips, but were just store bought tortilla chips. lame. friend got the pasta salad which was much better, i recommend that. plus, they cut the burrito sandwich in half and have bags and plastic wrap right there at the drink station, so you can easily get two meals (hence my being happy at round #2) and i was happy i didn't have to  a. wait in line forever just to get my wrap travel-appropriate  or b. feel like a jerk and cut in front of everyone just to get my wrap travel-appropriatenow, i am sad because i probably won't be back for another couple months, but only because it's not closer.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2007,8/17/2007,300,1733,,13,2>Yay.  Priceline did it again.  $37/nt for a modern, hipster hotel within steps of the nightlife of Old Town.  Too bad I was here on biz.  Looks like HI is the replacement for the former James Hotel.Will definitely be back for pleasure.FREE WI-FI in the rooms24hr FREE fitness centerGreat friendly serviceAveda toiletriesWaffle bathrobesPlush towelsPlenty of hooks to hang towelsGranite countertopSurprisingly soft toilet paperTouchscreen Clock radioFirm mattressesFlat screen TVLots of drawer spaceNice magazine selection: AZ foothills & 944Extra large loveseatBusiness centerReading lights on the headboardsSome NEGATIVES for the sensitive:Fairly thin walls, could hear the music in the next room.Flooring, can hear high heels tapping above.Able to hear some of the AFTER party on the street.Room service ends @ 10pm
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2007,8/16/2007,41,77,,10,5>I saw Heart here with my wife on 7/26/07.   It was our first concert here -- and we had a blast.  Even pushing 60, Heart puts on a great show.  The 'theater in the round' concept made it all the more awesome.  There are a few things I wish somebody had told me ahead of time, so I'm going to share them with you now:Money:Plan on having cash on hand for parking, concessions, etc.  Tickets can be picked up / purchased from the box office with a credit card.Parking:Parking at the theater is $5.  Cash.  Get there an hour ahead of time to get a good spot.  Pull through in the parking spot so that you can put your car in 'drive' when exiting the spot.  Choose a spot that is well lit if you're going to an evening event -- you're not in the greatest part of Phoenix.Food:I'm not sure if it's entirely obvious from the 'show nearby businesses' in Yelp, but there are NO RESTURANTS nearby.  When you get down there, it will be fairly obvious why -- you're in an industrial part of town.  Plan on eating ahead of time, or bringing your dinner with you.  Gear:The theater doesn't let you bring backpacks in, but will let you bring a purse in.  (I personally think it's a double standard).  I was a little disappointed that I had to pack my backpack in the trunk -- I would have left it at home.  Seating:I'm a big guy -- about 6'4" -- and the seating IS NOT FRIENDLY TO LARGE PEOPLE.  At all.  Seriously.   I literally could not fit into my seat -- my legs would not fit.  Luckily I talked with an usher, who directed me to a red-shirted supervisor, who made a spot for my wife and I in the handicapped section.  The people who made this accommodation for me were very friendly about it.  I was told that in the future, I should actually instruct the box office to give me tickets in this section, or in the front row of the rear section (there is only a bar in this row -- so it would be more friendly to my legs).Food at the venue:They have a full bar with premium brands, Coke, wine, Budweiser, Bud Light and many imported beers. Also, pizza, hot dogs, popcorn and other snacks are also available before and during shows.  So if the line is long before the show (and you can stand stepping out quickly during part of the event) you'll get a MUCH shorter line during the show.  You might even get no line (like I did).What I liked best:The best part about this place is its intimate setting.  I know people have mentioned that before -- but it really can't be overstated.  You might have seen an act before -- but not 40ft away on a rotating stage.  This place will definitely give you a night to remember.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2007,8/15/2007,4,13,,4,3>Thanks for the heads up about this place.  I decided to check it out after reading several people who posted.  It's a simple place with pretty good food.  It was too hot to eat outside but they do have a nice patio with umbrellas.  I'll remember that when the Phoenix winters come around.  I ordered the roast beef with carmelized onion sandwich and I thought it was very good.  It came with a side dish.  I also had a coupon for 20% off which I downloaded and printed after clicking on their website from the Yelp review.  So, take advantage of that savings.  Thanks fellow Yelpers!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,3/7/2012,42,59,4,6,2>It has been a while since I have written a review so I thought I would share my experince at Midwestern meats. Now I have been trying to stick with my New Year's resolution and lay off the junk food. That means no take out and everything is homemade. So after a really bad experince with meat from Fry's I decided to seek out a store that still had a butcher counter and ground their own meat. Easy right? WRONG!! It is amazing what passes for "fresh" these days!Sorry your pre frozen chubs do not count and why is the meat gray?? Seriously have these people even seen fresh meat? I have and it did not smell like old dirty mop water lol. Anyways I finally found this place thanks to yelp and decided to do a little research online by visiting their website. Now let me start off by saying their selection is really large. It is like rubbing a t-bone steak and a genie pops out to grant you all your meat filled dreams. Looking for Fred Flintstone bronto steaks? They have them. Thick cut pork chops? No problem! My selection included a special blend of meat for hamburgers (chuck, sirloin, and beef brisket). The resulting burgers where like a bite of heaven. The meat was brightly colored and stayed juicy on the grill. There is something to be said about doing things the right way and this place does just that. Don't take my word for it, try for yourself and taste the difference. Enough said case closed!!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,3/6/2012,2276,947,6,7,7>OOO & V opened about fifteen months ago, right after Thanksgiving and we've been coming here about once a month ever since.  Their olive oils and balsamic vinegars are great!If you are a foodie, like many of us on Yelp, then this is a must stop.  OOO & V carries flavor infused oils and vinegars.  On most days they have several oils open with pieces of bread to use for tastings  Great idea!Our favorites at this point would be the Garlic and also their Basil, but recently we have been enjoying their Italian Seasoning .  We use the oils almost every day mostly for cooking, but we also love it plain with bread at dinner or on a sandwich.Prices are $15.00 for a 375ml bottle and OOO & V often seems to be running a special on line mostly with Groupon (2 for 1).  I would highly recommend getting on their email distribution list so you can be alerted to their upcoming sales and specials.  Enjoy!
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,3/5/2012,331,207,8,11,10>It was definitely a pleasant surprise the first time ventured into Tryst Cafe.  Everything was so fresh, delicious, perfectly cooked, and the portions were substantial.   The restaurant has very spacious, wide open layout with trendy tables/seating in the patio area.   If you are at Desert Ridge, skip the chain restaurants, and head over to Tryst Cafe instead!   - Hummus Trio (traditional, cilantro, and red pepper) come with fresh Pita or cucumbers (Gluten Free).   - Tryst Ahi Tuna salad - Excellent portion and very fresh.  I would just ask for extra dressing on the side.- Portobello Sandwich - It was very juicy, tasty and satisfying.  The grilled bell peppers and Portobello will fall off of your sandwich. - Monte Cristo (two French toast slices, ham, Gruyere cheese topped with strawberry jam) - it is not greasy, and melted perfectly with the Gruyere cheese.  - Sweet potato tots are the best!  Try dipping with hummus dips if you have any left.  Skip the regular ketchup.What a deal!  All food and drinks are half off 3-6 everyday.  After 5PM receive 2 for 1 cocktails.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,3/4/2012,744,637,9,15,14>I am so happy that Damon opened a second location in Phoenix. The renovated building is beautiful and not stuffy at all, and I love the garage door that opens up. Very cool.The new restaurant is modern, simple and clean. I love the decor and of course the delicious food. Healthy, cruelty-free and eco-conscious too! It's one of the best vegan restaurants on planet earth. Okay..maybe the best one in Phoenix.Green Vegetarian is an excellent place for lunch and dinner. Without a doubt, If you are ready to become a vegetarian. This is an excellent place to start because the flavors are explosive! I have tried pretty much everything in their menu because my friends and I frequent the one in Tempe.  However, it's too far from where we live, so we were delighted when the second location finally opened in Phoenix.I took a few pictures and posted them to show you what we ate this evening. Since I enjoyed the Singapore Tofu Noodles in Calgary today for lunch, I decided to try it again this evening in Phoenix. My friend Boston ordered the Apricot Miso Bowl. He said it was sweet but delicious. I will be taking more pictures of course because I intend to eat here again and again. The employees here are also very nice, polite and unobtrusive. I really love this eatery. You don't have to be vegan of course to love this place. The dishes maybe vegetarian and vegan, but in no way restricted in its choices or flavor. Great place to get out of food rut and find your food groove!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,3/3/2012,357,399,8,10,9>Let's face it all food is subjective.  We like what we like.  Everyone's tastebuds are different.  And Chinese food is one of those things that everyone has an opinion about.  Many here on Yelp abhore the "chain" Chinese establishments.  Not just for taste reasons but for other reasons as well.  I prefer the smaller Chinese places over the "chains" but I also feel the chains have their place too.  Having said that we were out on a Saturday and I was feeling like Chinese so I pulled up the handy dandy Yelp app on my phone and found J & K.  We walked in and waited for just a few minutes while a table was cleared. It was a fairly busy Saturday night.  My daughter loves shrimp.  She would eat shrimp for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  She drools at the mere mention of shrimp. We ordered an appitizer of fried shrimp. 6 beautiful, big, butterfly shrimp.  She was in heaven.  As for me, I love to order different dishes and then take the rest home for lunch or dinner for the next few days.  The garlic chicken was yummy!  So tender and lots of flavor.  I had mu shu pork.  It was served already wrapped in the it's wrapper, like little burritos on the plate.  It was probably some of the best mu shu I've had.  I also got some house special fried rice.  Everything was good.  Service was fast and polite.  Our server brought my daughter some extra wonton chips which she loves.  I enjoyed our meal and the leftovers were just as good the next day.  If you're looking for good chinese, tell them I sent you.  Just remember, it is subjective.  :)
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,3/2/2012,78,144,7,13,8>Ok, I've gone here for the better part of 2 and a half years, and I wish that I had gone here exclusively for that time.Lauren cut and styled my hair today, and it is absolutely perfect!She had to "clean up" another one of my "let's try this salon" messes, and although my hair is short (enroute to a straight bob cut) she cut every strand of hair with PERFECTION!I "flipped" my hair in the car after my appointment, and EVERY HAIR LAYED PERFECTLY! Woo hoo! There is no place like The Root, and no one compares to Lauren when it comes to haircuts! Plus, the salon is fresh and classy, yet unpretentious and warm. I LOVE this place!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,3/1/2012,146,165,7,8,6>Thanks to all the Yelpers who guided me in the direction of Central Phoenix Eye Care! I was thrilled with my visit.Now, this review is somewhat biased because I feel that an eye appointment is one of the few health-related appointments that doesn't instill fear and frustration. I mean...your eye doctor isn't going to tell you that you have high blood pressure or pubic lice (not saying mine ever has of course...). But that being said, I still had one hell of a good experience at Central Phoenix Eye Care. I was greeted by friendly ladies at the front desk, taken through a round of eye inspections by some helpful eye nurses (or whatever they'd be called), and was warmly taken care of by the lovely Dr. Heather Thompson. Because I'm a bit of an idiot sometimes, I totally forgot my contact prescription. No one complained and they easily found a prescription that fit me perfectly. I had great insurance coverage here (which is saying a lot with my crappy coverage!) and I was sent out the door with tons of free samples of contact solution and eye drops. I will be recommending Dr. Thompson and the rest of Central Phoenix Eye Care's staff to everyone I know. They were awesome and I will definitely be back!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,2/29/2012,302,469,6,9,7>All you can eat limited sushi on Saturday for around $20. Sold. I crashed Dottsy Z's  party with two other lovely ladies (Hi Amber and Debi) this past Saturday after literally stepping off of a plane and seeing her post that she was here. The funny thing was that I wasn't really hungry, until I saw all the yummy food in front of me. Eel rolls, Las Vegas rolls, Toosie Maki Rolls, Spicy Tuna Rolls, good lawd I was in heaven. I ate so much that I arrived looking "skinny" and I left looking as if I was expecting a baby sometime in the very near future lol. Sad case yes. Our waitress was extremely nice but a little overworked since it appeared as if she was working the entire restaurant solo. So if you are hankering for some sushi, go on a Saturday over to Moto Sushi. But be warned, you must eat everything that you order if you order off the all you can eat, or you will be charged 50 cents per piece that you leave on your plate. So don't overdo it. (We left nada! lol)
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,2/28/2012,398,837,5,9,9>Who knew Ramen could be so much fun? I came here for the first time last night with John C, and I absolutely loved it!  Both of us had not been feeling well lately, and he suggested we come here to self medicate and that the food was awesome.  I loved it!  I really like how this place is decorated.  It feels comfortable, with benches and chairs, plenty of seating and a fair amount of room to move in.  No blasting music, very relaxing, but it feels clean and nice.Anyways, I have never been here before, so in between my friend and the girl behind the counter, I was able to figure out what it was I wanted.  They have a ton of options, from meatless dishes, to stuff with chicken, pork, and even alcohol options to drink as well.   I went with a vegetable clear broth with chicken chunks, and my friend ordered a vegatarian thing since he doesn't eat meat.  They answered all my questions and gave me a lot of options to choose from.  Staff here is patient, and seems to not only know their menu, but take the time to answer questions to make sure your happy with what you order.The food came out in a HUGE bowl.  It's like eating a hearty bowl of soup, with tons of good stuff in it.  I got through about half, and was STUFFED.  my friend ate about three quarters, and was stuffed as well.  We both have leftovers!  Total bill with drinks was about $20.  love it! I can eat a hearty meal, with left overs and not break the bank!Will be back in the future, weather its just for dinner, or drinks as well.  Go here and try this place!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,2/27/2012,337,291,6,7,6>After my first visit, I fell in love with JJ's Delicatessen.  Everything is made-to-order with quality ingredients.  My boyfriend and I stopped by one Sunday morning for some breakfast.  Everything on the expansive menu sounded delicious.  JJ's serves breakfast  (skillets, eggs, pancakes, french toast, omelettes, pastries, etc), lunch and other savory deli items (knish, challah...). Place your order at the counter, grab some coffee and find a seat inside or on the patio.  I ordered an egg white Greek omelette with fresh fruit and a whole wheat bagel (the options included potatoes or fruit and bagel or toast).  My honey had two eggs with fruit and a side of buttermilk pancakes. Our food arrived within minutes of finding a spot on the patio.  What impressed me most about JJ's is the quality of the food.  When ordering an egg white omelette you'd expect less eggs and more veggies than your typical "whole-egg" omelette.  Not so at JJ's.  The veggies were fresh and the egg whites were plentiful.  I finally found a place that caters to my health-nut tendencies without skimping on quantity or flavor.  Did I mention the buttermilk pancakes are phenomenal?JJ himself was helping customers, busing tables and even moving in heating lamps for the chilly patron.  It was nice to have our needs met by the owner himself.  Amazing food, service and down-to-earth atmosphere.  I will be back!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,8/1/2009,708,1493,17,20,21>I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  The best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!Seriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.The review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.For 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.Great lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2008,7/31/2009,151,182,24,17,19>I want to hate you, Pane Bianco. I really really want to hate you. With every fabulous fiber in my being.You have weird hours, an overwhelming "not quite industrial, not quite rustic" decor, and your $8 Mozzarella, Tomato and Basil salad consists of a cut up tomato and a few, uh, "slugs" of mozzarella topped with soggy basil leaves. But the real reason I want to hate you is that you duped me. You bamboozled, shanghaied and probably even Kansas City Shuffled me too.You lured me into this false sense of disappointment with my tiny salad and loaf of bread rolled up in a piece of paper.You watched me eat it too, didn't you?You saw me take a big chunk out of one of those cheese slugs. You watched me enjoying that salad. That delicious, gooey salad.And you liked it, didn't you? You liked watching me scarf down that salad like it was an item from a value menu. You got a sick kick out of seeing me tear through that bread like I'd never had it so good. You bastard.I want to hate you. I want to give you two stars and rant and rave about how you teh lame.But I can't. I just can't. That salad was just, like, whoa. That had to be the freshest mozzarella and the freshest tomatoes I'd ever tasted.It made olive garden salad taste like bagged lettuce doused in olive oil.And if Subway made bread as fresh as yours, I would stop going in there periodically to order the seafood sensation (toasted!) just to watch the employees and other patrons moan and cringe. I want to hate you. But that bait and switch, luring me in with that "too cool for you" vibe and then hitting me up with some flava, that takes skill. That takes cunning.And as a woman who spent her youth tying bedsheets around her neck and trying to burn the neighbor's house down with her mind, I appreciate cunning.Four stars for being cunning, and one star for being leaps and bounds of awesome ahead of Lux. I don't care if it's vegan. It's still a cupcake, you're still a grown up, and eating it while surfing the web on your flashy new laptop does not make you look any less ridiculous.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,7/30/2009,44,68,7,11,9>Ok just to preface - if you are going to pizzeria bianco, you better know you are going for the experience not just the food.  But for the record, the food - is AMAZING.  Be prepared....Yes, the wait is long.  Yea, on a Wednesday, you probably dont want to be waiting 2+ hours for a 14 dollar pizza.  But you have to respect why its this long wait exists - Chris Bianco single-handedly makes EVERY SINGLE PIZZA FRESH TO ORDER.  BY HIMSELF.  The wait is made far less worse by hitting up his 3rd business directly next door, Bar Bianco.  Its reasonably priced with 8 bucks a glass - ps you must try the moscato, its sweet but amazing.  The ambiance is calm and relaxing, just sit back with a cheese plate and a glass and enjoy. So accept it.  This man knows what he's doing - his flavors are fresh, unique, and individual.  Portions are perfect, prices are very reasonable (14 av. per pizza)  very decent wine and beer selection.  There is no dessert, but trust that you wont need it!If you live in Phoenix, you like fresh food, you WILL love bianco's greatness.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2009,7/29/2009,596,450,15,17,16>Alert the media!!!Ted's is one of the Top Ten hot dog shops in the galaxy!!...Ted's is on the Travel Channel!!...Ted's is really authentic, because they are from Buffalo NY, the home of the Buffalo Bills football team (in an interesting side note, everybody thinks the Bills are named after "Buffalo Bill", the cowboy showman...but "Bills" is an acronym for "Boy I Love Loosin' Superbowls").I learned most of this standing in lines at Ted's over the years (not the Bills trivia...they love their Bills at Ted's and you would do well not to question that or to make sport of the Bills, as I just have:)Why is Buffalo the home of the best hot dogs, you ask? Well, don't ask...it just is...as far as you know.Ted's created the Tempe outpost a few years ago when the owner of Ted's got tired of shoveling 24 feet of lake effect precipitation off of his driveway every winter and needed to have a way to write off the trip west every year.So he packed up his sausages and some plaques and Buffalo newspaper clippings for the wall and landed in Tempe, AZ:)It's our good fortune, really. I doubt we'll get the Papaya King to relocate to the Valley of the Sun, and I'm pretty sure Pinks will stay put, so this may be the closest we'll get to galactic class hot dogs.And yet, they're just hot dogs. Good hot dogs, yes...and I do like them...but just hot dogs.The dogs (and everything that they cook at Ted's) are open flame broiled over a real charcoal fire, with the standard compliment of condiments available (including chili, although I am not a big fan of Ted's chili dogs...the chili just doesn't grab me).They also do a nice job on brats, white hots, polish sausages, etc. And, I understand the hamburger is decent, although I have never had one...I go to Ted's for one reason and one reason only...the stars of the show...the hot dogs!And I'm not the only one...people do, indeed, line up to get these dogs!It's like trying to get a pizza at Bianco's. In fact, Ted's can be a tougher test of your dining will than Bianco's...to wit:* Wait     o Bianco's - 2-3 hours, but you can sit at a table and drink and eat     o Ted's - You must stand in line for the full hour...no cuts!!!* Ordering     o Ted's - you better be ready or be prepared for a bit of a public dressing down ("sir, are you ready? Ma'am, the menu is right up there!! sir, other people are waiting!!)     o Bianco's - "You want what on that pizza?!?! Chris will not make "his" pizza that way"! "Did you get my wine and cheese order Mr. Shaved Head-non-responsive bartender at Bar Bianco...hello...hello"? "Yes, I know I told you check with me every hour during the wait, but now that's annoying me"* Price     o Ted's - 2 foot longs and diet coke for $11? That better be a hot dog made with sausage imported all the way from Buffalo, NY! Oh, right...it is:)     o Bianco's - $15 for a pizza that I can't even get my way after a 3 hour wait and $150 bill for wine cheese from your shop next door! This pizza better be made with buffalo mozzarella, made by hand, by you! Oh, right...it is:)For the local "Best in the Universe-Peasant Food Division", Ted's certainly gives the pizza joint a run for its money, in pretty much every category:)Give them try, but bring your comfortable shoes and something to read in line (unless you'd enjoy reading 3 week old Buffalo, NY newspapers from Ted's reading rack)...and for the pete's sake be ready to order!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2008,7/28/2009,2178,528,56,38,38>Scary things to me:Paris Hilton has a career. Sarah Palin. Really. She's like the new Anita Bryant. My fathers' overgrown eyebrows. Trim, daddy, trim!Droves of high schoolers leaving school just as I'm trying to find Barrio Cafe. Seriously. Like thousands of them. And I couldn't find the damn restaurant. What was I gonna do? Roll down the window (well, not roll down, seriously, who rolls down windows anymore?) and holler out in my best lispy voice, "Hey, squeeze me fellas, I'm going to a wine tasting at the Barrio Cafe. Y'all know where that is?" Since all teenagers carry guns, yes, that scared me. Finally. I found it. And entered. Cute. Cozy. Middle of the day, so empty. Great, vibrant art. And a very attentive and friendly staff. Often times at this time of day, restaurants really drop the ball. No ball dropping here.I had La Paloma margarita which is made with a grapefruit soda. Think Squirt and Patron! And after a couple of these babies I was in el bano squirting out that Patron. Dee lish however. I ordered the Enchiladas Del Mar. Enchiladas of the Sea for my non Spanish speaking peeps. You know what? It was good. Not great. And the presentation was somewhat messy. I couldn't find the crab or the scallops (which were the size of the ends of q-tips by the way). They were lost in the sauce and the cheese. But I devoured it as the blue corn tortillas sang to me. My friend had a chickent torta. Big and rustic. Like Janet Reno. She loved it! I will most definitely be back. Hopefully I will not have to navigate through the plethora of pubescent people and hopefullyl I will pick that Barrio menu item that will blow my calcentinas off. Oh. That's blow my socks off. BTW. Adios for now mi yelpitas!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,7/27/2009,362,221,22,26,21>Love it.This place is a great chill little bar. $3.50 well drinks also make it the cheapest place for drinks in town, which actually makes it a very Scottsdale bar. The older, chill, divey bars are Scottsdale. It's too bad the newer, cheesy bars that show up every few years are what people identify Scottsdale with. This is a bar that people who live in the neighborhood frequent. I am pretty sure nobody is driving in from the burbs to go clubbing here. Thank god.Love the indoor/outdoor set up. I have yet to drink up on the 2nd floor patio, mostly because I tend to fall down stairs. Stairs in general are not my friend so I avoid them, just sayin.It also helps that it is a short bike ride from my home. The only thing missing at this place is food. Otherwise a fantastic place that I will be back to soon.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,7/26/2009,848,353,19,22,19>Five bucks.  A burger, fries and can of pop.  How can you go wrong?I had the Guac burger.  It's the reason I took a star away.  The burger itself was great, but the guac?  Notsomuch.  They do have a good array of different toppings to choose from.  The fries were shoestring-cut and had a spiced salt sprinkled on them.  It was a good-sized serving.  I love a can of pop!  They have Shasta, which is two thumbs up for me.  It doesn't have NutraSweet in the diet, but Splenda.  Hooray!Getting out of this place is a bitch so here's my secret: Go out the back way, through the car wash to get to 7th Street.  Traffic on Indian School, right at the 7th Street light, sucks moose balls.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,7/25/2009,156,265,8,13,12>The pupusas, yes, the pupusas are great. The loroco with cheese has become our favorite, But this past week, I strayed from our standard and tried the gallina soup with braised chicken and salad. All I can say is, "What the hell? Where has this been my whole life?" The soup is magical. Huge chunks of carrot, potato, and zucchini, with some thin noodles, and a savory broth with some mint leaves. I quickly abandoned the rest of my entree in favor of finishing the huge bowl of magic. It was the best soup I've had since coming to Phoenix 13 years ago. Good thing Hubby got sick this weekend- it gave me an excuse to go back and get some more. Being magical, you know it has serious healing properties. Here's where I learned that the Sopa de Gallina is chicken soup without the chicken meat and the Sopa de Pollo is the same thing but with the meat. Two huge Styrofoam cups to go with lemon wedges and 4 hot and fresh tortillas cost less than $6.00. I was stunned. The owner said it costs more with meat. Believe me, you won't miss it. Who knew that magic was so cheap? Hubby's fever is already down and he's feeling much better.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,7/24/2009,540,167,14,13,11>So, I noticed that I gave Durants 4 stars. Huh? WTF was I thinking? This is the universe's greatest bar/restaurant. It's just so perfect. Pictures of dogs and bartenders who simply could not improve their game. Entrances where you shouldn't sneeze and exits into the gates of political hell. It's just so perfect. My key board is now wet with the salty stains of my emotional discharge induced by the faintest ghost whiff of their dirty vodka martini. On the rocks.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,7/23/2009,391,180,9,26,15>Wet 'n' Wild is now open in Glendale, off Pinnacle Peak on 43rd Ave. This park replaces the now defunct WaterWorld. $30 million was spent on building the 30 new slides and attractions at the brand new park. We checked out the park on one of the season pass holders preview days.This is certainly a hundred times better than the old, crappy Waterworld park. It is by far the best amusement park in Arizona. We had a great time checking out a bunch of the new slides and we will be here often during the hot AZ summer. Lots of big slides for adults and big kids and also a kiddie area for the little ones.I'm giving 4 stars instead of 5 due to the following drawbacks:They charge for parking, even if you are a season pass holder.There is no alcohol served on site.They charge for renting intertubes if you want to use a tube at the wave pool.No towels are provided.Other than these few negatives, Wet 'n' Wild is an impressive waterpark and a much needed addition to the blistering valley of the sun. Go get yourself some Wet 'n' Wild.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,1/2/2013,254,406,12,16,16>After having visited the Tempe location, I was excited to try the restaurant downtown.  This space is so much more urban chic, with clean, open decor.  It is much more my style than the other location!I arrived right as the restaurant opened, daughter in tow.  We quickly perused the menu and decided to order the hummus plate and the drunken mushroom chicken bowl.  We also ordered a couple fountain drinks and filled up with some organic berry lemonade.  We were served the hummus quickly by Chef Damon (though we did not introduce ourselves).  It was spicy and I loved it, but it had too much of a bite for my daughter.  The bowl came out quickly, and my daughter and I shared and devoured the entire bowl.  We chatted a bit with Chef Damon, who told us they were introducing a kids' menu in the next couple weeks.  It will have things like Mac N Cheese and Burgers.  I told him my kid loves the rice noodles, etc.  I really hope they offer kid sized portions of some of their milder flavored bowls.  Overall, I LOVE Green!  My daughter loved it, too.  She asked me if we can go there every week when we are downtown for her appointment.  That's even without making a trip to Nami, which we plan to do next week.The employees at this location are on point and are very friendly and helpful.  My daughter loved the music and chose to dance a bit while the restaurant was still empty.  Hey - she wasn't bugging anyone!  Who can resist world music?!Here's to continued growth and success of a fabulous restaurant.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,1/1/2013,1070,742,4,15,11>10/06/12Thank you Pomegranate Cafe, Russell, and all of PC's other staff members for helping me forget, for an hour or so, that I was feeling very much under-the-weather.  l was feeling elated about my upcoming delights, I totally forgot how awful I must have looked wearing yoga pants, a Life is Good tee, a hooded zip pullover, and glasses.  What a bum!  Surprisingly, business was bustling this morning-- I've never seen PC full of people, and get this, there was a LINE waiting to order!  Because most of the tables were taken indoors, it was very noisy, so I took this chance to hide my I'm-sick-as-a-dog bum from the beautiful people and eat OUTDOORS.  But first, I had to place my order.Since I'd already perused the menu online, I knew I was going to have the French toast, no powdered sugar, please, like I usually do, but I wanted to try something new.  The basic breakfast (egg, toast, jam, and fruit) enticed, but I quickly drew towards Kamut toast, almond butter, jam, and fruit.  I also thought I'd either try a smoothie or an elixir ($8 each), but the menu online stated to ask for an elixir menu for options.  There was only one, and it was a "female hormonal concoction" with something, I lost track, since I didn't need help with my hormones, thank you very much.  ("Not that there's anything wrong with that.")  $8 saved.  The smoothie I wanted to try contained pomegranate juice, which I correctly suspected had one or more unwanted ingredients, and for me, that was "grape seed oil extract."  (So glad I spotted those juice bottles in front of the cash register.)  Good- I was able to hang onto $8 of my money.  Last, but not least, I ordered a cappucino (Cartel Coffee) and a glass of water without cucumber.  I again reiterated that I did not want powdered sugar on the French toast, which I was told would take twenty or twenty-five minutes to be ready, since they'd run out of the bread and the next batch was in the oven.  I said it was worth waiting for, so I don't mind, and besides, I'll have the kamut toast and almond butter.  As I paid for my three items, I was told that my food will be out in about 30 minutes, which took me by surprise, but I was in no mood to make a fuss, especially when I needed to secure an empty table before someone else snatched it!I found one outdoors, but it needed bussing.  No problem, as I found a shy and cute associate to help me.  One thing I really like about frequenting vegan/vegetarian/gluten-free venues, is how most, if not all, of the staff members are so humble, and are good-natured.  Another thing is that these venues tend to look so hippy-chic, colorful, eclectic, and FUN!  I loved the different swaths of colorful curtains, brightly-painted tables and chairs, whimsical dinnerware, and that was indoors!  Outside, I found a mosaic two-top with mismatched chairs- I sat on the one without the morsel of food on its seat.The food didn't take quite as long as 30 minutes.  The cappucino yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6… took a few minutes to arrive, and so did the lovely-tasting city water, nicely contained in a lidless canning jar.  (There's a reason cucumber slices are used to "flavor" the water, folks!)  It was about ten minutes after I started sipping my coffee that the Banana bread French toast arrived yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6…, but it was sprinkled with powdered sugar!  However, Russell did not hesitate in taking it back and bringing another.  What terrific service!  The Kamut toast, almond butter, jam, and fruit plate stayed, however, so I was happy. yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6…  Still happy, even when I found out that the almond butter was the raw variety-- I don't particularly like its flavor, or lack thereof, and I only buy and enjoy the roasted kind.  It's a good thing I am not allergic to chia (still experimenting), sesame, and sunflower seeds, for while the menu did not mention these were included, one certainly could not avoid their presence on this dish!  It's also a good thing they were, since they gave the bland-tasting almond butter much-needed flavor.  The fun textures on this dish also gave my mouth something to be happy about!  The Banana bread French toast arrived about 5 minutes later, and what a marvel that was! yelp.com/biz_photos/QsJ6…  The French toast had the PERFECT crunch on the outside, a gorgeous pound-cake-meets-angel-cake consistency on the inside, and a wonderful roasted-banana scent filled the air around my face that soon delighted my taste buds!  The strawberry-rhubarb jam and agave pancake syrup added lovely velvety coats of sweetness and colors, as well.  I could've eaten the entire dish!I'll be back!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,12/31/2012,325,381,5,9,6>Let me start by saying that this place is outstanding. I'm relatively new to Thai, and this is a new restaurant. They opened where a previous restaurant closed. Looks like they totally remodeled. It looks fresh and clean inside. The staff and owners are way nice and friendly and attentive. I'm becoming a big fan of Thai food. Even though I haven't had it loads of times, I can tell you that this is probably the best I've ever had. I've eaten out enough to be able to say what's good at least, and Thai Basil is wicked good for sure. It's awesome that they deliver as Thai places normally don't, but a shame they don't deliver to my house because I live too far away. We're probably going to be getting takeout from here a bunch.I had their signature dish with beef - it was amazing. I got medium spice which was perfect if not a little less spicy than I would've liked for most of the dish, but when I got to the end, it definitely started to kick in. I would start with medium unless you like things really hot. Mild for those who are less adventurous. We also got a coconut curry yellow chicken dish which was awesome as well. Their spring rolls and fresh rolls are both vegetarian and both in my top 10 of all time for any Asian restaurant... perhaps in my top 5. The portions were huge. We got 2 entrees and 2 appetizers for the two of us, and luckily my girlfriend's sister came over to help us eat it because there's no way the two of us could've even dented it by ourselves. There's enough food here for 3-4 people. I don't know if it works that way when you dine in, but I ordered mine to-go and there was so much food.We got Thai iced tea as well, and it's easily the best I've ever had. Normally, I give it a couple of days or so before I write a review, but I'm sitting here having just finished eating - feeling content with a happy tummy and I just had to write it down. Anyway - I love this place. I will be back for sure.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,12/30/2012,540,167,6,3,6>I've known Beth for years and: 1) she has more style in her pinky finger than almost any other woman in Phx has in her whole wardrobe; 2)  good on her for grabbing her dream by the balls and squeezing with this boutique.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/29/2012,102,260,15,10,11>Okay, I had been pronouncing the name wrong for awhile.  I knew it was Not pronounced Paste-eee, (like what strippers wear over their nipples) but I said it that way anyway. Then one day someone eaves dropped on our convo, and corrected me. So now I say it right most of the time..Anyway, this place is great.  Its cheap and its good.  The last time I came I had the Oggie.  Its one of their traditional pasties.  It has steak, potatoes, onion and rutabaga (swede) with a side of red wine gravy.   I am always attempting different pasties everytime I come. And every single one has been great so far.  Hubby had the Cajun Chicken and that was good.Their pasties run from $8-9.50.  You get a nice portion size and if you really feel like sharing you can do with one.  But I recommend getting your own and doing a nice switch with one half of your pasty.  Much more fun that way and worth the calories!It has expanded since the last time I was there.  So if you walk in and see that cramped area where they do all the cooking; keep walking and you will see that it opens up to a nice spacious area.  We learned the hard way.  After sitting for awhile, we were watching the cooks take out pasty after pasty.  We kept looking around, wondering what the hell?!  We thought we were the only ones.  But I finally decided to see what was up, lo and behold!  A whole new section.Overall a wonderful place
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2012,12/28/2012,507,585,12,9,8>American Taco!Please come to meee!American Taco!Papas let me bee!Don't come hangin around my plateI wanna see you in my belly not my face!(American Woman Lyrics)America's Taco Shop is actually named after a woman named America; not our country America.  America Corrales and her husband created this popular chain restaurant in several states and luckily Phoenix was one of them.  Voted best Phoenix Mexican food by Phoenix Magazine in 2011, this Taco shop definitely has a reputation of providing some pop and zing!I ordered the Al Pastor Vampiros while my sister ordered the Carne Asada burritos.  The vampiros were marinated in a sauce that reminded me of the Chinese BBQ pork, yeah pretty weird, but overall I didn't think it was the kind of vampiros I was thinking about.  I thought it filled my belly that's about it.  My sister really likes the food here and her burrito was very good in her opinion.  We ordered a side of chips and salsa along with our food.  I had to add some extra spice to get some kick in the salsa.  America's Taco Shop is home cooked recipes at a fast food pace.  Thus, you ordered at the counter and the food is brought out.  You can also place your orders online, which I thought was pretty cool.  The place itself is a dive and diner feel with a modern gloss.  One thing brought to my mind; stainless steel.  Like a modern kitchen this place is covered with stainless steel!  I would say overall experience of this place is good.  I didn't really love it, but I would definitely come back because of its unique twist to Mexican food that I'm usually accustomed to. - Enjoy!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,12/26/2012,280,572,9,8,10>Great place for drinks!  Outside, you'll have gorgeous mountain views.  Inside, a beautiful space with large windows and nightly entertainment.We stopped in twice during our brief stay.  The signature cocktails are a little expensive at roughly $15, but my Polo Club with Hendricks gin, raspberry syrup, fresh lemon juice, and egg white was a treat.  Later in the evening, we had dessert...apple tartan.  The presentation was a work of art.  So was the speed at which we devoured this slice of heaven.  Nice spot for travelers and locals alike!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,12/25/2012,175,390,11,17,11>I have been here many times over the years. We came here 2 weeks ago, but It was time for another visit.  Stopped in to pick up an early dinner to go around 3:30pm.Double cheese burger with Provolone and french fries. This is a grat place for a healthy Burger. They meat here is delivered fresh everyday.High price for the burgers but, well worth it, because, the food is great!This is better than what you can make at home.Nice and clean inside, smells good, and looks nice.We will come here again many times. My girlfriend does not even like Burgers, but she loves these.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,12/24/2012,699,631,6,13,9>Went to lunch on a Sunday with some girlfriends, and they picked Anzios, found out that the place has been in business for 28 years, I love small local places!  And it looks like fellow Phoenicians love it too!   I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and added chicken to it, the creamy alfredo sauce has some great flavor, couldn't get enough of it, even used the garlic bread to mopped it up, oh soo yummy! The noodles cooked perfectly and the chicken tender and tasty! The garlic bread was perfectly toasted & soaked up sauce beautifully!  The side salad was crisp & fresh, a perfect little salad.Our server Gus made sure that we were taking care of, very friendly and helpful!  I love local places & great service!  I will be back!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,12/23/2012,244,178,,14,7>This review is specifically for the Saturday BBQ's that Hobe has. They have them every Saturday, from 11am-4pm, and for only $5 you get a TON of delicious food! I used to come on Saturdays for lunch 3 years ago and they still have the same exact deal now, only with more options!You get a choice of a meat (burger, ribs, tri tip sandwich, pulled pork sandwich, chicken sandwich, 50/50 bacon burger, plus a few other things), and a side (baked beans, fries, I think you can even get a twice baked potato!), AND a drink! You can even split the sides and do half beans and half fries like my bf enjoys doing. You pick out your drink from a cooler behind where you stand to place your order, near the front door (also near the utensils and sauces). They have diet and regular sodas, nothing too exciting, but they also have water bottles. They have a few tables outside where you can sit, and they're all in the shade. The tables are much nicer than they were a few years ago, but that is about the only difference I've noticed since I started coming here again (I moved away for 3 years but have returned!). This is seriously the best deal in town, or possibly in the whole world. Five bucks gets you a generous portion of meat cooked to order (so be prepared to wait a bit, but it doesn't take TOO long) AND a side AND a drink. Why are there not more reviews of this place? This deal has been going on for YEARS and the price hasn't even gone up-maybe I am giving the secret away? If that's the case, I am glad to share this secret because it's too delicious and cheap to keep it to myself. P.S. Buy a bottle of the bacon bbq sauce. It goes on EVERYTHING!
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2007,3/30/2007,223,709,10,9,8>I have a dirty secret.I used to work at this Hooters.  Granted, it was about 11 years ago or so, but still, it's not the classiest place to waitress at.  I also lied about my age and they never bothered to check.  I was 18, but said I was 19 so I could serve alcohol.  What a little hooligan I was.I used to think only men went to Hooters. I figured I would be serving pervy, creepy men all night long, but this just wasn't the case.  The weirdest thing to me about this restaurant is that both men and women go, and some even bring their children.If men, women and children all go to Hooters, this obviously means they're not going to ogle the women in orange shorts.  They must be going (gasp) for the food.  Is this right? Do people really like the food at Hooters?? It's hard for me to believe, but I've seen these customers myself and I'm still baffled.  I ask again, do people truly go to Hooters for the food?
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2007,3/29/2007,114,79,6,6,4>Venti is Large. Grande is Medium. Tall is Small? Confused? You don't need a conversion chart to order a beverage at Unlimited Coffee. I am greeted upon entering with a friendly hello. After issuing my personal litmus test for any new coffee place I try out: the Americano, I am asked for my punch card. "Punch... card?" I ask quizzically. I explain that this is my first visit to their fine establishment. Buy 10 and get 1 free.  At first I was hesitant to try a coffee place not adorned by a topless half-fish/half-woman person but now, I see that they have something that that other place doesn't offer. Customer loyalty apparently has a reward in this universe! I order the largest Americano they serve (a "large" they call it) and eventually it cools to less than 200 degrees, allowing me to finally enjoy it without risk of 3rd degree face burns. The coffee is flavorful and rich and I finish it quickly. Other items on the menu include your standard lattes and mochas, but another item not on that other place's menu: gelato. I decide to reserve that treat for a future visit. The atmosphere is not unlike that of your friendly neighborhood Pizza Hut. I don't mean this negatively. I mean... who doesn't love place mats you can color?? Yet, there seems to be the lingering vibe that this building used to be a part of said pizza conglomerate. There is a large, rectangular table in the middle of the shop surrounded by tables and the occasional love seat. The only thing I find fault with is their choice of chairs around some of the tables. They are plastic and not unlike something you'd find in Cousin Eddie's backyard. If you can secure an upholstered seat, then this becomes a non-issue. For those of you with portable computer machines (a "laptop" is what they call it) you can surf the 'net with ease. Power supplies dangle from the ceiling precariously (a la Tom Cruise in the first "Mission: Impossible" film) allowing you to pretty much jack in to the matrix from any seat without fear of your "laptop" dying.With a very friendly staff, wifi and outdoor furniture on the inside, Unlimited Coffee is definitely a welcome change from that other coffee monster. Oh, and I can't forget to try the gelato next time.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,4/13/2008,1,4,3,6,7>Well, after being browbeaten by everyone I know who has been there some friends and I finally decided to make the drive down town to try Lo Lo's.Following everyone else's advice here on Yelp we got there 10mins before they opened last Sunday. We were the 5th group in line and by the time the doors opened there was a pretty good sized line. As soon as we sat down I got up to use the bathroom (morning coffee works fast!) and noticed that EVERY table was full. I mean every table (this is approximately 45 seconds after opening the doors). Now, I worked in the restaurant business for over 5 years and that would have been a NIGHTMARE at any of the places I worked at. I was intrigued to see how they would handle it. They used a "shotgun" approach to serving, we saw at least half a dozen servers throughout our entire meal asking and getting us what we needed. The service was not notably friendly, but it was fast and efficient and there was almost always a server within earshot if we needed something. I have no complaints here, but I am relatively easy to please on the service side (probably the 5 years doing it myself ;)Anyway, on to the food, we all tried to order so that we could try all the "famous" items. So I ended up having some of each of the following: Chicken, Waffles, Grits, Cheese Eggs, and Fried Okra.I am going start at the best and move down. One caveat before we begin, I am not at all a fried chicken fan, I eat it on occasion but have never been excited about it or sought it out. 1.) The Chicken: It was absofreakinlutely amazing. I am talking breathtakingly good. I'm talking take a bite and then hold it out in front of you to look at it to make sure it is just a piece of fried chicken in your hand. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside and not at all greasy. I don't know what they put in the batter but it was awesome. I am starting to salivate right now actually. I did try it true southern style with syrup on it, which was good, but I stopped because I felt the syrup was detracting from the overall flavor. I am not going to attempt to describe the taste, you are just going to have to go and try it for yourself; I will never do it justice. By FAR the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. All of this impression was with going in there with REALLY high expectations, if that tells you something.2.) The Waffles: Like I just mentioned, I went to Lo Lo's with really high expectations because of friends and Yelp reviews. I was not disappointed here either. They were very, very tasty, and even slightly exceeded my expectations. They are the best waffles I have ever had, crisp on the outside and soft on the inside, smothered in butter and syrup YUM. I cleared my plate despite the physical pain of eating so much. I would go back here just for the waffles, but I have to admit, the margin by which the chicken exceeded my expectations was much larger.3.) The Grits: They were very good; I probably won't get them next time, not because they were lacking but because they would take up valuable chicken and waffle space in my stomach. My only previous experience with grits was in the Army, and obviously, this was an entirely different species of grits.4.) The Cheese Eggs: These were tasty, fluffy and cheesy, overall exceptional eggs. Mine got a little syrup and butter on them which actually were really good. I can't decide if I would forfeit more bits of chicken and waffles for them though =P5.) The Fried Okra: Also very good, and a great appetizer. We had a native Texan with us who is a rabid okra fan and she said they were the best fried okra she had ever had. For me though, they will likely go the way of the grits next time.For drinks we all got tea, mine was the only unsweet one (which was really good). The sweet tea fans in the group said it was the best sweat tea they have had in Arizona.Overall we got our food fast, our drinks stayed full and the food was phenomenal and even better than were expecting (and we were expecting greatness). I will now be a regular customer and am going to start browbeating my friends that haven't tried it yet to go with me ;)Lo Lo, I sincerely hope this restaurant has made you a wealthy man because it would be a crime if it hasn't.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,4/11/2008,13,23,2,4,6>Sushi in Phoenix is a touchy subject. But, some friends had heard good things about Sake Bombers so we decided to drink away the week there. We were seated immediately and our server, who had a great butt, came over and asked for our drinks. We ordered some baked tofu and also edamame. Baked tofu was awesome and the miso soup was good too. As for the sushi, a friend ordered the Vegas roll and she said the jalepenos on it were kinda unnecessary. I had an avocado roll and the veggie roll sans cream cheese which were both good.Sake Bombers gets a -1 star for letting us continue to drink sake...two bottles of sake between three girls. And gets another -1 on the fact that our server, mr. cute butt, did not ask for our phone numbers. Scratch that...it wins one star back for the excellent service and very friendly staff.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,4/10/2008,44,156,5,7,4>Stopped by for a cup after Island BBQ lunch next door. Decent coffee at more or less honest price - $ 1.62 Girl was freakishly friendly, asked me how my week is going! Does she know me?!?Nice 16Oz cup. Tasted pretty nice. All in all an alright kinda joint. And yes they say they have free WiFi, like that is a big deal."I like"Eugene
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,4/9/2008,84,169,10,17,10>Best place to go when you are feeling blue!As a fresh new transplant to the area who knows absolutely no one besides her beyond retired neighbor who hits the pillow by 4pm, I often find myself slightly lonesome.  Instead of watching another episode of entourage, I decided to see if you yelpers were right....THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!Not only were my new Mexican friends staring at me because I was the only white gal in sight, but probably because I was beaming from ear to ear!  From the outrageous meat section to the beautiful bakery I think I could easily spend a whole day there.  The store was extremely easy to find and for a whopping $1.88 I left with a gigantic cucumber, 2 over-sized oranges and at least 2lbs of grapes!  Great place, cant wait to go again!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,4/8/2008,97,136,3,8,4>I just drove past Bobby-Q's and remembered that I've had a good experience with them.The time was around Thanksgiving. They offer smoked turkeys that are pretty much ingenious. One, they're smoked - so literally half the cooking is done for you. I can't stand putting an entire raw bird in an oven and waiting for it to cook for 234 hours. Well, I've never really done that, because I think I wouldn't like it much, as I hate waiting while I watch people poke, prod, and baste a raw behemoth and then put it in the oven for 234 hours. This thing was done in I think 2 hours. 2 hours!!! Brilliant. And better yet - it tasted phenomenal. The spice rub was so complementary to the meat it needed no sauce to make it a tasty experience. And it wasn't cost-prohibitive. The only thing you really need to worry about is ordering one well enough ahead of time for your occasion.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,4/7/2008,93,110,2,7,7>I have a small history with pasties.  Having close friends that have been eating pasties since before Christ was born + hanging around said friends for 20 years = a small history with pasties.I recently heard about this place on Yelp and every time I saw the name, I managed to over and over mis-read it as pastry.  My only defense is that I keep getting those forwards from folks that say it doesn't matter the order of the letters or even if all of them are there, you're brain will figure it out anyway.  i guess this time my brain figured wrong.  I digress...It never occurred to me that this little known dish would have it's own establishment run in its honor.  Of course, once I finally clued in that it was pasty and not pastry and stopped acting like someone hopped up on pills, I naturally invited my pasty-lovin' friends to share in the experience.  They too were elated at the variety of pasty options and the fact this was the restaurant's purpose and specialty.  An added bonus is how f'n cheap it is.  Talk about a steal!This place was packed!  Someone said to get there before 8 or 830, but it was 7 and overflowin'.  We managed to fit 5 of us in the awkward geometrical booth built for 3.  My two pasty veterans ordered the Oggie with ketchup since that's what they grew up on (minus the rutabaga).  They both liked it, but thought it was a little spicy due to the rutabaga and the fact they are both ridiculously sensitive to spice induced heat.  One of their sig others ordered a chicken pasty of some sort which he thought was just okay.  The other +1 and I had the shepherd's pie and there wasn't a crumb to be found on either plate.  Our waitress seemed completely unfriendly and a little standoff-ish.    She warmed up as the meal progressed, chatted with us, and she ended up being a great waitress.  One of the guys drinks diet coke like he's in some sort of contest.  After he downed the first one in record time and the waitress gave him a curious "you need a refill already" look, he warned her that he drinks a lot of diet coke and will be gettin' a lot of refills.  About two minutes later she came back with a pitcher so he could refill till his thirst is content.  Rock star move on her part.  We all left full, happy, and ready for the next phase of the evening.I'll definitely be back again - maybe even for lunch since I work relatively close.  Just remember pasty, not pastry.  Yum!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,4/6/2008,236,133,12,11,8>You truly can't beat their meat...I tried it wasn't pretty. Amazing...Amazing...Amazing meat selection. You can special order things like aligator, lion, javelina, probably dinosaur meat if it came right down to it.  They also have sides and sauces like woah...but what I really want to talk about is....their weekend BBQ.Saturdays they have burgers, and chicken, and I think ribs. I always get the burger. Admittedly it has been to long since I have been working weekends and no longer right across the street but dear lord is the burger a masterpiece,  and super fair priced. they cook it up to order with a drink and fries and do it yourself condiments. I took my girlfriend there on one of our first dates ( I know I am a real romancer) and frankly the super drippy delicousness makes for a good icebreaker and how one handles it is a true marker of character.If I could eat any one burger right this very moment it would be that one. The only down side is that they only do it saturdays and only through lunch. It is a magic burger window everyone should make...oh and if you order some lion meat let me know...
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2008,4/5/2008,742,648,27,14,14>Dear Rose,I have to be perfectly frank with you. While you are sweet, kind and fun to hang around with I have to admit something, I am in love with your husband. I know, I know.. I have never even seen his face though I have heard him sensually barking out to you in Chinese, wishing it was me. Tho, most importantly, I hear the music he makes with his wok! The sweet clang and clatter with fire blazing from underneath, your husband is a man of talent. When Im down he knows exactly what to make to help me to feel better. Crab in onion and ginger sauce as part of the number 1 special, only 19.99, is something of a long passionate kiss. The accompanied Green Beans in XO Sauce feel like he is giving me a massage from inside my tummy.. to top it off, 1/2 a roast duck and steamed rice.. oh the joy and bliss someone can bring you!So Rose.. please understand when I say these things.. I know you work just as hard as he does but he is something of a mysterious person.. I would gladly fetch his slippers.Love,FoodiebearPS.. Wahsun rocks my world!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,4/4/2008,1710,1170,6,9,8>Abe's personality is the shiniest thing in here (not the shoes). He is a real character and an honest man. Abe has been doing business at this location for about 20-years. He is not the fastest shoe-guy around, but his skills are well worth the wait. If you pester him, he will talk about celebrities shoes that he has repaired over the years.Abe fixes all kinds of other leather products too (bags, jackets, belts...).Go Abe!!!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,4/3/2008,22,22,3,12,9>I remember the days of saving up for my $100 trim at Perry, the Aveda salon downtown.  I've had bangs, the curly "be curly", a pedicure, facial, yada yada waste of time and money! While I will never be over the delicious smell of Aveda products and continue splurging whenever I can afford it, no longer will I pay $25 for the extra blow dry!!! Nope, now I pay $25 for all of the bells and whistles at El y Ella.  In this no appointment, hip Mexico City style salon, you can walk in and walk out with a banging new do in about 45 minutes.  A complimentary dry is part of the package and while I might stop at "Perry" for some rosemary mint shampoo, that's about it.  I've found my spot!
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/2/2007,12/24/2007,208,450,,3,2>I like Four Peaks. I really do. I like that is about a five minute walk from my apartment. I like both the Sunbru and 8th Street Ale. I like the $2.75 beers during happy hour and all day on Sunday.  I like to watch football there on Sundays because they show a lot of games, even if it is a Minnesota Vikings hangout.What I do not really like at Four Peaks is the food. Brunch was just OK. I had the Brewer's Breakfast (basically your good ole American breakfast), and I hated the country potatoes. I don't want my hash browns to taste only like bell peppers. The three things on the dinner menu I have found I really like and will order every time we go are the french fries, beer bread, and shrimp and goat cheese bruschetta. However, there is not enough bread in the bruschetta as we seem to have tons of toppings left, so typically we have to use pita bread from the hummus to finish the food.  The caesar salad is just OK and my husband likes the fish and chips but they are not the best he has ever had.For appetizers and a few beers, Four Peaks is great epecially if you get a seat on the patio on a nice day.  For dinner, not so much.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,12/23/2007,88,90,,4,3>This cute little place is tucked right next to "The Rock" and the Community Church of Hope on 7th Avenue just north of Camelback. I had time in between poker games at the Rock so I visited this cute little store. As always I try to support my community and buy something. Though small it seems to have a little of everything, kind of like a little gay convenience store, cute undies, t-shirts, magazines, and kinky stuff too. I saw this great looking watch that I just had to have, kind of a leather meets Lemony Snicket creation, so off course I snatched that too. I also hear they sponsored one of the baseball teams in the Cactus league too. All the happy boys in Phoenix need to check this out in the booming area of 7th Avenue.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,12/21/2007,3620,1853,5,10,8>Every major city has a restaurant like Durant's. Old School place, been around for 50 years, with red leather half circle booths, red velvet wall paper, dim lighting, old-time professional waiters with grey hair, and expensive food specializing in steaks. You walk into Durant's from the back parking lot, through the kitchen; not because of the light rail construction out front, but because that is how it has always been done. The logo awning and valet parking is back there in the rear! Most steaks are in the $40 range, which comes with a choice of potato styles (baked, garlic mashed, fries) and a choice of soup du jour or house salad (Caesar's Salad is $4.50 more, but it isn't the old school with anchovies or mixed at your table by the waiter with wood spoons like some classic restaurants like this do it. It is mostly just sprinkled with cheese. I long for the real Caeser's salad, not this version remeniscent of casual dining places that serve it with chicken!). Seafood selections are mostly in the $30 range. They offer Delmonico steak (In-Bone New York) for $41.50; the 8 oz Filet Mignon is $40.50 (they have a larger 12 oz, too) and the in-bone porterhouse of 32 oz is $72!  A large Shrimp and Crab Louis entree is $24.95. Spinich dip appetizer is $8.95, and a dozen oysters on the half shell is $24.95 (6 for $13.95).All the food is good, but not fantastic given the prices. Service was very deliberate bordering on slow (from the kitchen , not the waiter). They have a decent wine list. House wines by the glass include the Santa Barbara Avila Merlot, lighter and simplistic, at $6, and the Sterling Merlot from Norcal is $9, with more body but only average. Drinks may default to premium brands if you don't specify at the bar. Myers Platinum rum and coke, $5.50. Tanqueray and Tonic, $6.00. Stolichnaya Raspberry Vodka and Tonic, $10.95. They do serve the drinks very stiff, though!The best thing about this place is the bread. They serve a round loaf of sourdough like bread, sliced and soaked in olive oil and covered with minced garlic and basil. It is free and they will keep bringing more as you wait patiently for your other dishes. We had 3 loaves. They offer typical classic desserts for this type of place, like Key Lime Pie, but we were so full with meat and bread, we passed on it. This is the place you bring your significant other's parents to impress them with a classic, great old school restaurant, especially if they listen to Frank Sinatra and like meat.  But if you are a trendy chic diner, you should pass and try something fresher in ambiance and food but equally expensive (think Scottsdale's overblown newer mega-restaurants which are the new Durant's except with Sushi or Asian Fusion, or oversized Southwest flavored creations with names taken from Cactus varieties.)
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2007,12/20/2007,275,351,12,5,5>Let me start off with a game. You say "AZ 88". I say "French Tits".Stevey said, "Hey lets hit up a place for drinks before we go to the SMoCA night!" Me "FO SHO-where?" "AZ 88" "Where the hell is that?" "Um...Bonnie, right next door to SMoCA?" Huh? Turns out I have passed this establishment a LOT since I go to SMoCA and Orange Table almost every week. But it was always during the day or late on a Tuesday, so I just saw older sophisticated couples lounging on the patio while riding my bike and figured "Meh. Expensive steaks or some shit for rich people. Whiz-ev". Hah...not quite.No one was on the patio (does anyone else think it looks eerily like a cross b/w a Star Wars bar and a Flintstones cafeteria?) due to the rare rain, and the place was packed but I managed to get Melinda a seat at the bar. They had this gigantic drink menu and I was treated to an old lady drink-I think I got a gimlet. Hey-I can't do G&T ALL the time (just 98.8% of the time). It was pricey, but why didn't anyone tell me to bring my swimsuit? Cause I could have SWAM in that glass. Check it-that martini glass was as big as my FACE. It was terrifying to balance and I...of course, did end up spilling 20% on my jacket and outfit (clear drinks rule for that purpose) and smelling of eau de alkie. Glad I didn't drive! But then Melinda ended up spilling her drink on the nice ladies slick black jacket that I discretly dried off with cocktail napkins-hey, it was like vinyl, ok? Don't judge!Glancing around-there are some GAY hotties here. I mean, damn, can I be a gay man just so I can have an iota of a chance of hitting that? All the beautiful people were here-very LA, but not super Snottsdale either. Diverse crowd, well dressed, artsy, big groups of totally random people sitting together, nibbling at the food like doe on a field, grazers really. I started staring at one table in front of us that had the largest bowl of waffle fries. They were hardly eating them. My god. The longer I was there, the more I WANTED THEM. I started thinking "Ok-there is a chick-ooo-shes gone-its a bunch of dudes-most of them straight..ok, they will TOTALLY give me a waffle fries..ok, will this make me look coked-up or homeless? Shit. I want one. I'm gonna do it. Fuck it. Ohhhh...shes back. Girls never give food out to random girls. Oh well. Maybe if they leave...and I can grab it before the waiter does...while EVERYONE in the restaurant can see I just grabbed trash off the table in a chi-chi hipster spot...its worth it".I didn't. I chickened out. But seeing Kristin's review, I wasn't the only one who feels like a Sex and hte City Oliver Twist. "Please, sire, one cosmo or waffle frie?"We thought about getting another drink there but remembered we had paid 15 bucks for a ticket for a reason (art..oh yeah...) Before heading out, we ended up chatting with our bar's neighbors (the one whose coat we soiled a wee bit).  Her and her new roommate received all this food, one that had like pizza with avocado slices and other delicious thing-my eyes were bugging OUT of my head-this food looks AMAZING. At one point I thought she was going to feed me aforementioned slice-and I wouldn't have cared. She noticed my lobster bling and freaked. I looked down, already a lil sloshed (these drinks are STRONG) and thought she was looking at my chest. "Huh? They're real", I thought, not very impressive in the Scottsdale world of implants. She corrected me it was the bling, and I said, "Oh good....my breasts aren't very impressive and I was wondering why you were checking them out." "Honey-you have FABULOUS tits. You have FRENCH TITS honey, and they are SEXY. WORK THEM."All right.Once again. "Az 88?" "French Tits"ADDENDUM:Had an actual meal here-get here before 8pm on Friday to avoid more than a 20 minute wait for a table, btw. I had the shrimp cerviche, which was an amazing deal at 9 bucks for a meal instead of an appetizer. Primo avocado, delish shrimp with the fresher salsa and delectible chips, I didn't offer it to share with my fellow dining companions. Since they had the BLT with avocado and bacon and the infamous waffle fries, I asked him to add a small plate with a side of mayo for me to devour with them. And man, they are GOOD-the guys ate their fries before their sandwich! And they only charged me a buck extra for the huge plate of waffle fries I couldn't even finish. Extra star!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,12/19/2007,413,840,1,5,5>After reading some of the reviews here and on Flyertalk, I was fearful that the Biltmore had really gone downhill. We stayed last weekend, and I have to report that it is still as wonderful as always. Very pleasant service, friendly staff. I asked to be in the Villa area and was asked which section! Love the Frank Lloyd Wright architecture. We'll b back.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/5/2007,12/18/2007,27,145,2,5,4>Yes, I did it, I went on the first day this place opened up. Couldn't help it, I was intrigued! So I quickly ran in and bought a few things on my way home from work today.First of all, the location of this place is great. Can you believe something *new* and *special* actually opened up in the vast wasteland of central-west Mesa? From what I can tell, Fresh & Easy  specializes in its veggies, fruits, quick ready-made meals and other essentials like dairy, eggs, cuts of meat, etc. It's a lot like Trader Joe's, in that it is designed as  a quick get-in-get-out- kind of place, which is great if you, say, need a few tomatoes and don't feel like wading through a giant Safeway.The prices are great. For example, I got a six-pack of Roma tomatoes for $1.98. A bag of fresh spinach for $2.85. Crumbled feta for $2.28 and a huge container of plain yogurt for $1.85. So the prices are even a little lower than TJ's.Their baked goods were kind of cool, too. You can buy little quarter-baguettes for 79 cents and they have things like croissants and pineapple empanadas. In fact, it looks like they might try to cater to the particular neigborhoods they are in, as this place sold fresh cactus (to eat, not to plant) and Mexican squash in the produce section.Other pluses? Well, they sell bags of fresh mint, which means it will no longer cost me a fortune to make mojitos for my friends (I'm looking at you, Safeway, and your overpriced little packages of organic mint!) Also, this place sells brands like Pepsi and Coke that TJ's doesn't. I think that's a great business move -  it always annoys me that, with TJ's, I have to end up shopping at two stores to get all the things I need for the week.I didn't buy any of their ready-made foods this time around, although they looked interesting. I think that, because this place is owned by a British company, they seem to sell more Indian things -- onion bhajis and samosas in the deli, frozen packages of shahi paneer and butter chicken, etc. But the bad news? Nothing in the ready made section was vegetarian! Come ON Fresh and Easy, what gives? Even the frozen Indian meals were almost all meaty. Methi malai chicken? Why did you have to add that chicken in there, really?Anyhow, long story short, this place is interesting, cheap and will definitely be a place I"ll be stopping into to pick up groceries on my way home from work. Will I end up doing most of my grocery shopping there? Too soon to tell.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,12/17/2007,14,8,3,2,3>This a review for the grooming center.I take Roscoe here for his grooming.  Something around $40 for everything...clipping/trimming, nails, ear cleaning, teeth brushing you name it.  I can usually get in the next day when i call to set up an appt.  I have a Jack Russel Terrier so if you know the breed than you know their energy.  I have never had a complaint about his behavior and therefore am lead to believe that the groomer who grooms him is the dog whisperer.  Roscoe always looks great when i come to pick him up, of course he's yelping like a little bitch but I know it's not because he had a traumatic visit....he's just a dog and thinks I've been gone for the whole day rather than just an hour!!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,12/16/2007,30,54,15,2,8>I love you Trader Joe's.  No, you are not "my" grocery store.  I can't commit to you as my one and only baby.  It's not you, it's me.  I am tempted by the fruit of another.  Sprouts and Sunflower produce trumps you baby, but don't you worry your pretty head about it.  You've got my favorite cheese selection and you know how I am about cheese.  You know no matter how many times I stray, I'll always come back to you.  You don't need to worry about the items I buy at Safeway baby, that's different. That's just shopping.  What we have is something more than that.I love it whenever I discover something new about you.  I can't live without your hummus or your mediterranean style yogurt.  It reminds me of crisp mornings in the Amphora Hotel in Chania harbor.  Of course the honey here will never be as magical as it was in Greece but that's not your fault dear.I love that you know I'm not made of money.  I don't have to flash a lot of brass to impress you and that always makes me feel accepted and appreciated.  Even when you're cold, or feeling like you can't give me the things I want (because let's face it you're *always* out of stock on something I really like) I can always find something to make me feel like our time together is special and well worth the effort.It might be another week or so until our next visit baby, but you know you're gonna be on my mind and when I hunger for something only you can provide, you know I'll be back.  I always come back.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,12/15/2007,28,17,,7,7>Radio Milano has become one of our favorite restaurants since opening this summer. Why? Here are a few reasons:1. The Food - antipasto and focaccia on par with Pizzeria Bianco, excellent seafood/crudo and some of the best meatballs and meatloaf in town - all in manageable portions2. The Cocktails - try the ginger press, manhattan or milano, their signature version of a negroni, but made with vodka (no longer listed on menu however). Great bartenders, too.3. The Atmosphere - from the open-air kitchen w/ wood burning grill to barrel-vaulted ceilings and walls of sliding glass, an inviting urban space. And while possibly trendy, not at all stuffy or inaccessable - always felt down to earth and comfortable to me.4. Open Late - food served until 11pm every night. We love coming in for a late dinner and eating at the bar. Best seats in the house if you ask me.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2007,12/13/2007,143,222,10,9,9>I have been stalking this store for months, eyeing it greedily every time I visited the neighboring Costco, giddily anticipating the demise of the Camelback Target - a harbinger of the soon-to-be SuperTarget. At last, it is open!Of course, this happened right when I am very low on funds. Therefore I had to limit my trip to a brief recon only, and perhaps, buying one or two or thirty different things I "needed." (Hello, cheesy $1 skull necklace!) The booty even included food -- fresh food. I only managed to see 1/3 of the store, but it was glory to behold. Bright lights, clean floors, produce stacked in eerie perfection, a staff that greets you at every turn, and guides you to what you seek. AND, it has a Starbucks.Hurry, my friends. Get there before the deterioration begins. It is in Christown / Spectrum Mall, after all. Savor every glistening moment of Target nirvana, while it lasts.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/27/2013,200,98,16,17,11>4.5 stars? That's ridiculous. This place deserves 5 solid stars. Period. Don't argue with me. A friend of mine introduced me to this place about 3 or 4 months ago and I have since gone back an embarrassingly amount of times. Actually, fuck that. I'm not embarrassed, it's tasty as HAIL. Hands down, the best street tacos in AZ. Not even joking. Every single person I introduce to this place becomes just as obsessed as I do. I go about every other week at this point on Thursday or Sunday. I honestly do not order anything other than the $1 tacos. I have no doubt their other items are really amazing as well, but I have no desire to cram anything into my mouth other than those sweet, sweet tacos. I usually order a mix of carne asada, pollo and "vegetarian" tacos, which is just black beans. I have never once been disappointed. They do have weird hours and are located next to Charlie's, so if you go here during peak hours (i.e., when the club lets out at 2am), you'll will be faced with a very large line. Things can get a little slow when it's busy. But hey, these people are creating ART. So you shut your pie hole and wait in line. The lovely lady who runs the register is extremely sweet and is a damn pro at dealing with the drunk fashionable men and random hobos who stroll in off the street looking for a handout.But really, you haven't had a legit taco in AZ unless you've been here. America's Taco Shop? Nah. Gallo Blanco? Puh-leez. Dig the loose change out of the bottom of your purse/car cup holder and hit this place up for a taco or 5.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/26/2013,205,173,3,6,7>I've put off going to the dentist for a couple years because I had a bad experience at the last one I went to but I decided I had to woman up and make an appointment for a checkup and cleaning.  Of course I used Yelp to look for places because with something like this I needed to know that they had a good reputation.  Downtown Phoenix Dental not only had a really good rating but there were more reviews for them than the other options listed.I called to make an appointment and Caleb was very friendly and helpful in getting me set up.  They have you do all your new patient paperwork online ahead of time so you won't have to do it when you get there.  The days I had originally requested weren't available so I made one for the following week but the next day he actually emailed me and let me know that there had been an opening and I actually could get in the day I had asked for!When I showed up for my appointment Caleb already knew my name (I guess I was the only appointment for that time slot) and didn't really need much from me.  I didn't have to wait long, someone came and took my X-Rays and then the hygienist called me over to look at them and get started on the cleaning.  Her name was Audra and she was very nice and gentle.  Cleanings are never fun, I don't know about you but the scraping feeling is worse than if it was actually painful, but she did everything quickly so it wasn't too bad.  Not to mention my teeth look great!Once she was done the dentist himself came over to talk to me for a little bit and look at everything as well.  To my surprise everything was good, (I figured I'd have bad teeth karma since I hadn't been to a dentist in so long) and they just scheduled me for another cleaning in 6 months!  No unnecessary procedures suggested or issues that they needed to see me for.  I actually liked them so much that I requested to come back just to speak with the Orthodontist when she comes in.  I'm actually looking forward to coming back rather than dreading it so I'm very happy Yelp steered me in the right direction yet again!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,12/25/2013,341,239,8,10,6>After a "rigorous" evening of flow yoga at Lustre Bar upstairs, my friends and I were hungry and found ourselves at The Arrogant Butcher. I've always wanted to try this place and despite my friends wanting to get "salads" and the title of the restaurant didn't really yell salads, I made them come here and I was extremely glad I did!I learned several things that evening!1. Order the Candlestick Maker. (Well, if you're a bourbon fan like me!) It has Makers 46, lemon, Thatcher's Spiced Apple, honey and angostura2. Order the Old Fashioned. (They do it right here!)3. Share the Penn Cove Mussels with a friend -  Spicy Salumi, Charred Tomato,   Grilled Bread4. Enjoy the house soft pretzels with provolone fondue. - You may also want to share this one, but who knows, maybe you're extra hungry with those cocktails and want something to "absorb" the potency of those cocktails. We enjoyed ourselves so much here that we were there past when the kitchen closed. To my dismay, I didn't know that the kitchen closed at 9pm, and my husband, who was at home, wanted something to eat. When the waiter informed me the kitchen closed, I shamefully whined, "Wait! I was supposed to bring home something for my husband! You can't let me go home empty handed. He'd be so angry with me." The waiter then asked me if I knew what I wanted to order to go. I said, "The short rib stew!" He answered, "Well let me see what we can do.." He then proceeded to head to the kitchen. My anxiety reached all new heights as I awaited his response. It wasn't long before he returned and said, "We still have some stew, which means, yes, you can still get it to go!" I was so elated! I loudly exclaimed, "You and the kitchen just made my night!!!" I love how accommodating they were there! This is a great example of how great their service is!!5. So the whole point of this story above is... Spectacular food (at least the stuff I tried that night), stupendous service, and too cool to be kitsch décor yet almost farm like and trendy. I will always recommend and return to this place again, because I love them!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,12/24/2013,181,218,10,16,10>I really love Vietnamese Food and this little restaurant is easily a favorite of mine. Cuisine from the Hue region of Vietnam is a little different than your typical soup places. No Pho here ... so get ready.The owner is really cool and extremely helpful. It was fun on my first visit. She wanted to make sure I understood this type of cuisine and how it should be eaten. They take great effort to make sure the food is packed full of flavor and beautifully presented at the same time. Nice!So far I have tried several of the soups and a good sampling of their tasty bite sized appetizers. Bun Bo Hue - Spicy Beef SOUP is a good place to start. The Crab and Shrimp versions are also excellent as well as the Duck. They have some really good specials during the week that will fill you up cheap. Just ask her and she will tell you what is good.Located in the Mekong Plaza Food Court. The eating area here is pretty basic with a dozen or so community tables and chairs. Just kick back and enjoy yourself and pretend you are on a vacation adventure. It usually works for me. DID I HEAR SOUP?4.75 STARS
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,12/23/2013,376,146,10,11,14>A New Mexican restaurant in AZ? This made me think of my best friend who lives in NM. =)I came here with a friend last night for dinner since she's been dying to come here. I think everything deserves a four star. I ordered the Pasta Hedi which was amazingly delicious! It's a pasta that comes with chicken on top of a tortilla. The sauce was sooooo yummy. I'm really into pasta so I really loved it. It also comes with a house salad which I thought was really good and very good size portion. I had to split it with my friend. We washed everything down with margaritas. I ordered the Prickly Pear margarita which definitely satisfied me after a long day..You have to try it! The service was also very good. Our server always came back to make sure everything was to our liking. I loved the ambiance of the restaurant as well. It's a great date spot.  The only reason it doesn't get a four star from me is because it's a bit pricey. Between the both of us with our entrees and drinks the bill came out to about $60. That and it's pretty far from me. I wish there was one on my side of town. But you get what you pay for! I'll definitely be coming back for that pasta and margarita again! Plus their brunch menu also looks beyond yummy and something that I'd like to try out. =)
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/22/2013,399,148,8,13,13>This place is really cool! I ran into this place on accident while on a bike ride around Scottsdale. This place is a quaint little house/restaurant on the corner of a block, with a huge backyard/patio area. There is not a lot of "decorations" inside to create an actual theme, just very basic nothing really created. They have a TV, tables and chairs set around a pretty decent size rooms. The patio area is beautiful! They have a fountain in the corner, the brick fence is covered in vines, there are very large trees to create shade and they have hung lights around the outside to create a relaxing ambiance. Its nothing spectacular, but simple and peaceful, even with it being right next to a main road. They have a pretty decent menu from the basic tacos and burritos, to vampiros! I had a carne asada taco and a carne asada vampire, both were very good. The meat had a good flavor too it, and I am not a huge guacamole fan, but their guacamole gave the taco and the tostada a really nice kick. I also ordered a side of chips and bean dip. The bean dip was a little bland, but it was nice to have real style Mexican bean did, then the refried Americanized bean dip. I took a little bit of the hot sauce and the guacamole from my taco and added it to to bean dip and it was delicious.This is acute little place to stop by if your in the neighborhood looking for an easy breakfast, lunch or dinner! I definitely recommend the vampire (basically a tostada) and enjoying the nice AZ weather out on their patio!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,12/21/2013,74,118,7,13,11>Butterfly Wonderland made our weekend. I love, love, love this place. There's a butterfly theater where you learn about the lives of butterflies via 3D, there's a very cute gift shop, a cacoon gallery where you can see butterflies taking form and of course; the habitat.I've been reading some of the other reviews. Yes of course the habitat is hot and humid, these specific breeds of butterflies are found in the rainforest; other conditions would kill them. Still, I'm positive that even people who aren't either A) cold all the time or B) butterfly enthusiasts will love it. I'm actually warm all the time and I fell in love with the place. Butterflies float right by you, sometimes land on your clothes and flutter in bowls of fruit, flowers and on plants. They are beautiful. It's really calming and amazing to see them so close-up. Two helpful hints for the habitat: A) you aren't supposed to touch the butterflies with your hands, it's not good for them and B) look at the ground when you're walking, some of the butterflies relax down there.There's also a small aquarium area with fish and you can pet a stingray. You can see bees in their natural habitat, ants and scorpions also. It would be cool if they had a ladybug exhibit too!Of course, I bought the limited-time-offer lifetime membership, $100 for lifetime access. I know we'll be back many (many) times. I absolutely recommend this place for a date/family outing/engagement proposal/some-much-need alone time... basically anyone should be able to manage an excuse to go here.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,12/20/2013,231,476,5,8,7>I first reviewed this restaurant 2.5 years ago and boy, time flies! Centurion continues to be one of my favorite restaurants. Easily in the top 5. It has changed a lot since my first review and now added Bar Maximus. You can still order food from the Centurion menu at Bar Maximus. I have several favorites on the menu which overall ranges from inexpensive to pricey. Lately, their Hamburg mussels is what I crave. It comes in a crockpot with a creamy sauce that you dip your endless, buttery bread into. Uh, so freaking to die for. My 6 year old and I fight over that dish. As a matter of fact, we are each going to get our own next time. Ha! I also love their Israeli couscous salad made with feta, salami, chicken, cucumber and a light dressing. They also make great pizzas, risotto and dishes from their brick oven. Try their handcrafted cocktails, too. While a little pricy, they are well-made. Eric also has a really nice wine list for different palates. Case in point, my husband and I have vastly different tastes in wine and can still enjoy a glass there.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/19/2013,1114,557,6,11,7>Decor has been or is in transition. New floor/carpet. Looks good. I had Pat Peking. ? It was beef, green beans, carrot s in a brown spicy sauce. It might have been the best tasting and hottest spicy food I have ever actually loved. Served with rice, wonton and soup...perfect,!The staff its awesome too...they hustle.My lips are returning to normal now.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,12/18/2013,327,204,7,12,11>I find myself at CherryBlossom a lot nowadays, and that's why I needed to update my review. I've discovered my new favorite menu items, and they must be eaten! So, you should try:Spicy Gyoza PotCha-shu RamenTanTan-Men RamenUdon SukiThe gyoza pot is my favorite menu item (and it's on happy hour).  It's simple and delicious. I am completely satisfied with a Kirin and the gyoza pot for dinner. The Cha-shu is a damn good bowl of ramen, and the TanTan is even better if you're up for something spicy. My newest discovery, and the reason I needed to write this, is the Udon Suki. It consists of udon noodles, tofu, green onions, sliced beef, and a poached egg floating in a savory broth. CherryBlossom's Udon Suki is awesome, filling, and awesome.I have come to the realization that the service is hit or miss at this place, but in my opinion, the food makes up for any shortcomings. Go try some of the dishes I just mentioned and let me know what you think!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,8/20/2012,103,148,4,8,6>There are no words great enough to describe how the cupcakes at OllieCake tasted or made me feel eating them.For many years I've driven past Urban Cookies at times when they have been closed.  I kept saying to myself, "You need to go here during the day and try this place out."  After finding out the owners are ASU alumni, I demanded that I go and support this local business owned by fellow Sun Devils.  OH MY GOD was I disappointed I hadn't come here sooner.  I bought the vegan banana and brown velvet for myself and a carrot cake and brown velvet for my dad.  I couldn't wait to get to my dad's house to eat one.  I ate the banana in my car while I was driving and had to pull over.  It was so moist and so delicious.  It was a banana cupcake, not banana bread with frosting on top.  Just awesome.I set down my dad's for him and asked him to eat them and tell me if he thought Sprinkles is better.  Before he ate one, he looked at me like I was crazy for asking that question.  (He's a big fan of Sprinkles).  He started eating them and said, "I think they beat Sprinkles."  OllieCake cupcakes are not as large as Sprinkles, but there is enough goodness to satisfy you.  Oh OllieCake.... How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...........
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,8/19/2012,227,122,6,7,5>I moved and needed a place to replace my go-to coffee place cause I like a good place for coffee if I have the time to enjoy, sit, and write. Found this place and I really like this place. The coffee is yummy and I like the vibe of the place. Didn't try the yumminess yet though.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,8/17/2012,263,625,4,8,7>First time I have ever been here and I am very pleased.I made an appt. for Marie and got in  within 2 days. I think that is pretty good!It is a great location right on Indian School Road. The building is a cool type 60's modern i think. The staff is very friendly and everything is very casual but,not in an unprofessional way.Marie was very good and even offered to get me something to drink when she sat me down. She did an excellent job on my hair. So I gave her a good tip! She even gave me some samples.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,8/16/2012,367,306,4,8,5>Great lunch spot in the Scottsdale Airport!Zulu is the perfect lunch option in the Airpark area. The restaurant is open and clean with a great view of the planes coming and going. It is quiet enough for an important business lunch or just a casual lunch with friends. I can't seem to get myself to order any but the chicken wrap. It is wonderful with perfectly cooked spicy chicken, avocado and black bean hummus. For your side you must order the sweet potato fries. They are worth it, crunchy and seasoned just right. The prices here are very fair and the food is really great.Enjoy!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/15/2012,288,347,3,7,5>This review is just for Happy Hour:I finally got to try out BLT Steak granted it was just the happy hour menu but I was still blown away.  For starters the prices are no where near the full dinner items so it really makes it affordable to just pop in and see what this amazing place has to offer.  The drink list is huge and again very affordable.  I recommend the mojito very good and just the right mix of tart and freshness.  For light bites I had the Duck Pate with wine mustard which was very good.  It had some nice earthy flavor that the wine mustard really played well with.  I then got the steak tartar which was just phenomenal.  It had a little kick to it and the steak just melted in your mouth and absorbed all the richness of the quail egg.  I can't wait to go back for dinner service.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,8/14/2012,223,431,6,8,9>You can find so many good gifts in here to give away. I signed up for their emails so I get the info on when they are having sales or have gotten something new in the store.You can find polished gemstones, mineral specimens, beads, jewelry, magnetic bracelets, salt lamps, fossils, jewelry making supplies, and huge, giant geodes. This is a great place to take a Geology buff. I am always able to walk into the store and name every rock and gemstone, nerdy I know.I always go in for their incense, cool incense holders, tribal masks, and hematite rings. Large selection of petrified wood, drums, wind chimes, and wall ornaments. The staff that works there is very friendly as well. Always a great place to stop by in the mall. Did I mention their prices are ridiculously cheap?
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,8/13/2012,391,180,4,8,5>This place ROCKS! Very cool shop, large and roomy, lots of seats, nicely decorated, good vibe, decent outdoor area with additional seating.They carry soy, almond and rice milk, which is totally awesome for a vegan like me that has a soy milk intolerance. They've got some vegan packaged bars and oatmeal options, which is pretty cool.They've got a loyalty discount program, which is cool and you can even place your order via text message in advance! r0x0r!I'd give em 5 stars if they started carrying at least one vegan baked good. Their entire baked goods case has zero vegan options.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/12/2012,366,184,3,7,4>This place is by far the most affordable and best place to get a pedicure in Scottsdale! It's only $20 for the basic pedi. That comes with a hot stone massage as well. I love how they heat their lotion so it doesn't freeze you. They are extremely friendly and value their customers. The salon is very clean and the massage chairs are comfy. They also open at 9:30am which is really nice. This is my new favorite discovery!
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,8/11/2012,197,332,5,8,7>Impressed with the thin crust style pizza! we ordered the the servers suggestion of mama Spinato Signature fresh spinach, half chicken on left and sausage on right of the pizza.  The hubster and I shared the boneless wings, half hot and sweet. I enjoyed the sweet best. everything was so fresh and delicious and not overly salty. It was a little heavy but very much worth it when your treating yourself. I liked the modern feel of the restaurant.. The service was pleasant and a nice relaxed atmosphere. On tap they have the seasonal san tan mr. pineapple beer, which was unique and I would love to try again. I really don't have more to add except it was amazing pizza.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/10/2012,378,474,5,7,6>Always my 'go to' wine bar to hang with my girls.. :-) AND I am in love with the Sangria Sundays there.. We go early to secure our choice table.. under a mister.. in the patio section of where WE want to be.. looking swag! Gettin our Sangria on.. and our bruschetta.. We know the whole thing by heart.. NOW the last time we were there.. We did send a salad back.. NO question from the cutie serving it. He took it.. and said he was sorry.. brought a little extra bruschetta.. and BAM. NOW looka there.. I kept the 5star on the yelp! Actually, it would be hard for Postino to lose that with me, because I have been coming here since I moved to the PHX and no other wine bar compares. I heart all things Postino.. MY only wish.. Sangrias all week!
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,12/2/2012,730,209,7,17,13>This is a hidden jem that is not to be missed.We were greeted quickly and with a smile when we walked through the door from a young lady in the bar.  Another lady greeted us and took us to our table.  A gentleman brought us hot tea and cold water to our table right away, and then we were greeted by our waitress Rose.  Good team work going on at this place.  I have never been to a nice Chinese place before.  This was a really nice one and I was super excited to see how the food would taste.  While enjoying my hot tea (BEST TEA EVER!  it was PERFECT), I glanced over the menu.  The prices are very decent and they have many different dishes to choose from.  We started with an order of fried wantons.  These were light, airy, slightly crispy, delicate and filled with a little bit of cream cheese.  They came with sweet and sour sauce, which was the best sweet and sour sauce I've ever had.  Nice bright red orange color, sweet and tangy and not thick or to thin, just right.  Very good start to a grand meal that I had no idea was about to come.Rose moved our fried wantons' plate out of the way and put two large plates in front of us.  She then started bringing out our food.  We had sweet and sour pork, pan fried noodles, fried rice, and sesame chicken.  Sesame chicken was at least two large oh so TENDER chicken breasts crisped to perfection in thick dark onion sauce that I soaked my rice and noodles in.  Pan fried noodles were lightly oiled and tasted like they were fried in a wok, very tasty.  The fried rice was fresh, soft and fluffy.  The sweet and sour pork was smothered (NOT soggy) in their yummy sweet and sour sauce.  It included large chunks of pineapples, green bell peppers and onions.Every portion was enough for two to three people to share or even save for the next day (see photos), BUT it is going to be so hard from stopping yourself enjoying your hot fresh food in such a romantic dark setting (music overhead was a love song station).  We had so much to pack up, Rose came by and put it all up for us in boxes.  She was awesome, very sweet, and always came by to check on us to see how we were doing.  For everything we got -not- including tip was ONLY $34.  Forget the buffets, this is the place to go.I highly recommend this place for large groups, couples, events, and anyone else who loves Chinese Food.  It's the BEST I EVER HAD!
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,12/1/2012,744,637,7,14,10>My roommate and I live in this part of town, so we decided to eat here this evening. It's definitely a fabulous place to get some Chinese food.  The place has  a great family atmosphere, and the food is delectable. Portions are huge, so you get a good value for money especially the set lunch option. If you're not in the mood for going out, they also provide a delivery service. I'm giving them 5 stars because I'm a generous reviewer especially if the service is friendly, courteous, and fast.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,11/30/2012,263,625,7,8,9>This is a very different place. I found it through a friend who had been wanting to try it out for quite a while now.So we came here for lunch. A nice little place inside a strip mall.It is a Bakery, and also a restaurant.  I got a chicken Sandwich. with avocado.The thing with the Avocado,it is a spread, rather than slices,so it is a little different.We chose to eat inside,as it was a roasting hot day ,as always. My friend ordered the Turkey sandwich. Why, because, our server, (who was great) told us there was something in the chicken that had not been Identified as Gluten free. I thought that was really fabulous of her to share that. My friend has a huge Gluten intolerance. So that info was very good to know.I bought a loaf of the Gluten free bread to go. It was Buckwheat, and very good,it makes great toast. Lots to have here at this bakery and you can get it to go if  you like.I highly recommend it. They were even doing a bakery tour for a group of preschoolers. I thought that was very nice.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,11/29/2012,1350,404,5,16,10>Great "free" event!  Bring donation money for the Phoenix Museum, Ollie the Trolley, and food and drinks.  Maybe some cash if you spot a piece of art that you must have from the several Art galleries or street artist.  I parked at the Phoenix Museum, took in the museum pieces and then used Ollie the Trolley to get me down to Roosevelt.  That is where all the art is.  Just be prepared for the crowds of people, street musicians, and loud music.  Lets not forget the random Bible preachers and Vegan fliers being passed out.  Several galleries of art is open to view and buy.  Plenty of street art is also available, I must say the robot sculptures were interesting to me.  Even more interesting to another First Friday Attendee as I saw him walking around with the Robot statue that doubled as a toilet paper dispenser.  That is part of the "fun" art to be had here.I also noted a vendor that used old instruments, such a a trumpet or violin and re purposed them as table lamps.  Some other interesting galleries had blown glass art, with usable glasses and dishes to huge statues and metal sculptures.  Pottery pieces can be had as well and traditional paint on canvas.  I also noted various shirts and other artistic pieces to represent your ideas on display.Seriously a large event full of music, art, food, and various things to buy and look at.  Great experience and a chance to see Phoenix art at its freshest.  I am sure these are the developed artist and the up and coming artist in Arizona.  This is a great chance to see it first hand.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2012,11/28/2012,493,165,7,12,13>Unique Flavors, Unique atmosphere and what an interesting concept of tapas style dinning.  live Dj on the weekends.I was with a large group, and had a great time, the entire evening at Sochu House, an Asian family style dinning. . Fancy food, sometimes even over the top and if your new like I was you have your idea of the dish and the kitchen's dishes are far more creative than i could think. Some are  Small but powerful kind of Asian style marshal arts of the Phoenix culinary world.  Let me put it this way I don't know anyone who has put a more powerful impact in the last decade to Phoenix.  Great to see Johnny follow the light rail.  Why Five stars, Because a restaurant like this is a living art of modern food.  Some call hip or trendy either way hard to count the restaurants that offer a progressive.   I love the detail all over the Sochu House.  I get board easily and start trying to notice the little industry things. here, One thing that stands out is the work ethic of Johnny.  He was personable with tables and even assist with service in the restaurant. I give this a high note, this is one of the few personal touches that will land this place as a great restaurant to enjoy Phoenix.  Well go and enjoy,  Central just South of Thomas, I head north on Central to get there.  2801 N. Central Ave Phoenix Asian Dinning.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,11/26/2012,650,610,6,13,8>I guess I am liking this place.  I have been there 3 times in 2 weeks.  This place is on the modern side of italian fare.  It was a little funny after reading some reviews, when my father in law asked "where are the spaghetti and meatballs". I had to laugh.  We suggested he try the orecchiette with the sausage, rapine and chilies.  That is my favorite pasta.   The first time I had it, I noticed that the pasta is handmade, bonus points.  I have also had the gnocchi, they are good, but I think I will stick with the orecchiette.  I really want to try the polenta next time, sounds so yummy.   For dessert, I am obsessed with the Chocolate Budino, I keep telling my hubby to get his own dessert, although every time I order it, I cannot finish it.  The creamy chocolate pudding, topped with crushed biscotti and a meringue/marshmallow cream on top, DOUBLE YUM, so rich.  Service my second time visiting for a full dinner with my in-laws was a little slow, but this is a new restaurant so I will look the other way, because after all I enjoyed the company and don't mind spending extra time at a restaurant.  One thing I would beg them to fix is the A/C temperature, I always bring a sweater now.   My hubby loves the Margaritas Trent makes, I guess I have to call next time to make sure he is there.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,11/25/2012,391,272,8,5,7>Met a friend for brunch and about died over how good it was. All you need to know is the following:1. You can get a pitcher of Pimm's Cup. A pitcher.2. Best Eggs Benedict since the old El Chorro on Lincoln. No offense to the new El Chorro, I just stopped going after you stomped all over your history with the remodel.3. Griddled Church PotatoesI am in LOVE with Windsor. Probably going to eat there so much it gets weird.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,11/24/2012,357,399,6,8,7>Mmmmmm gelato.....I love all things icy and creamy and full of flavor and the gelato at Gelato 64 fits the bill!  My daughter and I were out of the house on a rare evening and we happend to be in the area.  Now my daughter has a HUGE sweet tooth, HUGE.  This kid would eat sugar 24/7 if I let her.  She had eaten a good dinner so I promised her desert and we happend on Gelato 64.  It took us 15 mins to decide what we wanted.  The girl behind the counter was very patient and offered samples of anything we wanted.  And you name it, they had it!  I finally decided on some Salty Carmel gelato and it was delicious!!!  My daughter got the same and she was in heaven.  I guess the number 64 stands for how many flavors there are and it does make it a very difficult choice because, honestly, everything I tasted was so yummy!  It's not far from home so we will be back!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,11/23/2012,2083,305,7,8,5>BLACK FRIDAY 2012 ROTD Baby!!!If you like green chiles, they have bags of roasted ones at the checkout.  Pick one up and smell it.  What an amazing aroma.  Now buy it !!!  Because I don't want to come in and pick up a bag, knowing your nose germs (and who knows what else) are all over the outside of the bag.They also consistently have great ripe avocados.  Wish I could say the same for Sprouts, who typically sells avocados that could break windows.Stop by the juice counter and get a strawberries and cream, horchata, or possibly watermelon juice.But the real reason I come here is twofold.  The first reason is the meat counter, which is where they keep the ranchera steak.  Oh yeah, have them add the marinade and let it sit overnight.  The second reason is the hot food counter.  Best refried beans I've had in a while.  While you're there, pick up a tub of their freshly made salsa, and some hot tortillas.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,11/22/2012,155,134,12,12,11>Lovely night!!! Perfect weather outside now, and you have the option of inside the cafe or outside in their lovely patio!! We picked the patio area, open aired, and not noisy at all, being that it's close to the street. Great customer service!! A++_ Delicious food, we ordered the Mango Shrimp!! Oh soo delightful with well proportioned mango squares, avocado, cilantro and lime!!! YUM!! ** Oh and we also went with the Tuesday special, which was Bruschetta and your pick of Wine, for the Bruschetta, you can pick three and we chose, the Fresh Mozzarella + Basil + Tomato, also the Brie + Apples + Honey and the famous Prosciutto + Mascarpone + Figs + Honey!!! OH SOO YUM!! An explosion of full flavors inside your mouth, everything from sweet to sour!!!  :) What a Great Combo, as for wine, we went with their ever soo fruity New Age, Torrentes!! Which was indeed a great pick!!! Fully satisfied!!! :)
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,5/11/2009,848,353,21,24,24>Being a Yelper, I have anticipated my visit to Pizzeria Bianco for over a year.  I finally got the opportunity to go to night!  Fellow Yelper from Houston, Ryan, was in town for work again and invited me out.  We met up at the wine bar next door and got a cheese plate.  Three different kinds of cheese, all really good and tangy!  The thin bread the came with was a bit too crunchy to eat with cheese on it, but tasty nonetheless.  Finally, after a two hour wait, we were called!We're in!  I'm going to Pizzeria Bianco!!!!We had a really nice waiter.  He was there when we needed, didn't hover at all.  We started with a couple appetizers.  I had a prosciutto-wrapped melted cheese on a skewer.  There is nothing better in this world than melted cheese!  The skewers were served on a bed of "micro-arugula" and drizzled with olive oil.  Soooooooooooooo yummy!  We ordered two pizzas to share: The Wiseguy and the Biancoverde.  The Wiseguy had sausage and caramelized onions on it.  Really good!  The Biancoverde, though, was even better.  Three different cheese and again, the micro-arugula.  I'm not a crust person.  I ate the parts with the toppings, but not the edged.  I never do.  The crust was thin and had soaked up some of the natural grease that comes with melted cheese.  Definitely got a wet spot from it!  I'm full.  I'm exhausted.  I had had a strange and mildly crappy day, and this made it worthwhile.I'll be back.  To me, definitely worth the wait!  I only wish my Buffalo sister, Jennifer, could have had such a good experience before leaving the Valley.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,5/10/2009,362,221,28,26,23>Dive bar heaven. I second Dallas' review. This place is a sh*thole, and I love it.I got served right away every time. Some people said it was because I had boobs. Not like I can help that. ;)The bartender may or may not have lent me his knife, so I could carve something special into the table. I may or may not be the a-hole who carved-- I AM RAD. They made me a grilled cheese 40 minutes after the kitchen closed. I was also told this was because I had boobs. I thought it was my unbelievable charm. That grilled cheese was amazingly delicious.I danced, even there was no dance floor.I loudly sang Keep on Loving You with about ten friends, while the majority of the bar looked at us in horror, and I can't sing for sh*t.I played Dirty Diana & Poison by Bel Biv DeVoe, and most of the place was singing along with Poison. Considering the crowd, this was awesome & hilarious. The bathroom was fouler that any gas station I've ever seen on a road trip, as luck would have it I was so drunk by the time I got in there, that I didn't care.It was way too cold. I put on a sweater, which I took off while dancing to Dirty Diana later. Yes, I was that girl, and this was that night.If you can't have fun here, well, I can't help you.Pomeroy's, thanks for the memories.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/4/2009,5/9/2009,239,156,12,21,16>Mr. K has covered most of the bases in his FTR, but there were a couple of things I thought I would add... The green chile beef is every bit as good as the red. We sampled both, as well as the beans (we choose Pima style which is the smashed version of beans rather than whole). All were very ample portions and exhibited crisp flavors. We all agreed that each could use a little salt, but after some discussion and a few sprinkles we came to the conclusion that actually it was preferable to season your own to your liking. Too often, we had all been served items which were over seasoned and quite frankly, there isn't much you can do once that has happened. This way, we each were able to make adjustments as desired. The bread itself seems a little more tender than TFBH. It also seemed a bit larger. That being said, we did each have the "full" version of the tacos, so the "half" may be more along the lines of what you might get elsewhere. Prices also seemed to be approximately $1.00 - 1.50 higher than TFBH, for the full portion. Some other items on the menu were both surprising and intriguing. I'm definitely going back for the Blue Corn Mush (I would have ordered it today, but I had already ordered my taco and was sure I couldn't handle both). I've never actually seen this on a menu off the reservation, so that in itself is enough to make me a repeat visitor. They have a few mutton and lamb selections that are obviously more on the authentic side. The mutton rib plate is served with sauteed squash and diced green chiles along with a navajo fry bread and drink ($11.99). The people at the next table had one of these and it was a large plate of food which they clearly enjoyed. There is a grilled lamb stir fry and also a lamb sandwich to round out the native selections. The sandwiches and burgers are a definite twist on the common offering. Sandwiches are served either a tortilla or fry bread and come with such toppings as eggs/bacon/onions/fire roasted green chiles, eggs/grilled spam, or two burger choices. Lastly there are the stews... yummo! They have the standard red and green, but also offer up a monthly special (this month was a very tasty vegetable style). Stews are served in two sizes, which is particularly nice if you are sharing items. The decor is certainly nothing that stands out; the chairs and tables are a mosh of options, but it is clean, and the staff is very friendly and patiently answered questions. They have one high chair for those of you with little ones. It is a small place, so if you go during peak hours expect to wait for a seat or take your food elsewhere to eat it, as it fills up quickly. The final distinction is that the SH is open on Sundays from 11:00 to 5:00. So if you are dying for some of that unbelievable fried dough on the morning after a long night out and had to previously wait until Monday, this could definitely be a saving grace. It's great to have another option and I truly hope that they will build a following in the Central Phoenix area.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,5/8/2009,119,483,8,9,8>I'm a big fan of this place, but I'm not a big fan of their 10 dollar cover charge.  I guess I can look at it as paying for the entertainment because I never get close enough to the stage to tip.  Although, I have noticed that there is not always a cover, and sometimes it is cheaper, but I can't remember when all of that crap happens.Basically, you've got a big split level room (extremely dangerous stairs for drunks) with a really long bar on one side, a tiny bar on another, and a slightly raised stage up in the front.  The place is always packed, and you've got to fight for seats sometimes.  I hear they serve food, but I never get it.  I would hate to have to depend on a waitress.  Tip: just go to the bar to order drinks, don't waste your time with a server unless it is early on in the evening.The music is a lot of fun.  They take lots of requests and put a piano spin on all of our favorite current songs.  For birthday people they embarrass the hell out of them, and if the person is female, crazy raunchiness WILL ensue.  They tell lots of dirty jokes, sing filthy songs, and swear a lot.  This place is definitely not for the easily offended or the prudish.  I love it all, and it cracks me up.  My favorite part is when the staff gets up on the bar and on stage, and sometimes on the pianos and starts doing some weird choreographed dance.  It's a lot of fun, and sometimes the hot guys take off the shirts and the girls engage in pseudo-lesbian action.  A little something for everyone.Bottom line, it's a lot of fun and everyone should go at least once.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,5/7/2009,10,23,9,9,9>I know I should let Dominic Review this but.....Great place from a girls point of view.Nice fun waiting area. Kinda casual sophisticated. Friendly staff, minus the blond receptionist that took pictures of herself while we were there. Dom got a cut and a hot towel, oh yeah and a beer. They offer drinks and he didn't pay anything extra.There was an empty chair and the gal let me and Lennon sit and chat while she was cutting. Big salons have a frown for having your company sit and wait. Sorry for getting girl all over your manly barber place. You probably will see us there again, I have recommended it to many guys already.and yes I nursed there.We walked there on a Thursday afternoon. Me Dom and Lennon.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,5/6/2009,14,13,13,18,14>This place really is quite special. It's a natural tourist trap, so expect to see plenty of pasty, obnoxious Canadians and so forth, but from what I hear it is a sort of local landmark. I went for my birthday this year at the recommendation of a few work friends, and I had an incredible time. The pizza gets alot of flack, apparently, but I enjoyed it just fine. It's not likely to be mistaken for gourmet brick-oven pizza that snobs in Sedona eat, but it's still rather good from what I remember.The organ was incredible. Gigantic. Played by a really good musician. The song selection is pretty universal, showtunes and the like, but just seeing the thing in action is remarkable. I highly recommend it. Now stop bashing the pizza!
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2008,5/5/2009,156,265,9,11,11>Now, I expect to get stoned with a hundred stale tortillas over this one, but I would rather shop at Food City than the Pro's Ranch Market for my Mexican food needs any day. Why? I'll tell you.1. FC is far less crowded, chaotic, and full of rude people who make me feel that I shouldn't be shopping here. I have never in my life experienced the kind of oblivion to everyone else's existence and need to pass them in the aisles that I have in RM. 2. The in-house made tortillas and chips are far superior at FC to those in RM. Great taste, super fresh. Only Carolina's tortillas are better, in our opinion.3. The produce, although not extensive at FC, is usually fresher and less bruised than at RM.4. They have plenty of covered parking at FC. Covered parking! Why don't more businesses in AZ do this? Yes, FC is in a far older building. Yes, FC is not the first place I usually think of when doing my grocery shopping. But for the items I simply cannot get at Safeway or Fry's, I'll continue getting them at Food City. Happily.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2009,5/4/2009,100,75,6,14,13>I can now say I've been to Il Posto for lunch, dinner, and happy hour.  I love their patio so much that I wouldn't even consider eating inside, even if it was 100 degrees outside.  I'm surprised more hasn't been mentioned about their delish homemade potato chips.  I've been known to skip the salad so that I could fill up on more chips.I'm usually like meat, but went with the margherita pizza last night and I can say I'm impressed.  The bread and pesto sauce were also excellent.With great atmosphere and good food, I'll definitely go back.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,5/3/2009,109,39,12,10,8>Remember when I said "don't miss the reverse happy hour"? Did you go? Ya gotta go!They're even open on Sundays and Mondays but the happy hour doesn't apply to those two days.Looky- Here's the list of their  $5.00  Happy Hour MenuTuesday - Saturday from 9-10Friday & Saturday from 9-11   Only at the bar or the bar tables but the service is fast because Geoff & Steve kick ass.Drinks* Margarita with Chinaco Blanco on the rocks or frozen* Cuba Libre with Bacardi & Coke topped with lime* Mojito * Sangria red or white* Montes Chardonnay glass* Gnarly Head red zinfandel glass* Shot of Tequila Blanco served with sangrita (that sangrita kicks ass!).Your choice of Tequila: Don Julio, Tesoro, Herradura, Tezon, Centenario, Chinaco, Milagro, Oro Azul, Tres Generaciones, Cazadores, Partida or Certeza.** $2.00 XX Draft BeerFood* Guacamole, chips & salsa * Black bean queso fundidio served with chips* 2red beef tamalitos* 2 quesadillas de rajas (mexico city style)* Shrimp cocktail with chunks of mango (To die for!)* Field greens chicken salad with lime vinaigrette* Watermelon & panela cheese salad* Jicama & orange salad with chile-lime dressing* 2 tacos dorados de pollo (plaza style)* 3 carnitas tacos with pico de gallo and homemade tortillasCan you believe I memorized all of that? I'm like Rain Man. Okay I lied. I stole the menu! Ha.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2008,5/2/2009,835,246,5,16,9>I gotta say, I love coming here!! You get two movies , new movies for 6.25. The parking is always easy and the stations are always clear. The screens used to suck, that's why I stopped coming for yrs. If there was a dark scene, you actually couldn't see anything. For some odd reason they used to not even trim the trees that blocked part of the screen. That's old news though. Plus the bathroom is always clean now and you can bring dinner and not feel weird.If you ha vent been here in a while I understand why you wouldn't like this place, seriously give it a second shot. They really made good!
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/10/2009,1/26/2010,736,547,21,17,14>Bernie's cracks me up. If you call the number you reach the barber shop next door. Bernie's doesn't have a phone but the barber shop can tell you their hours of operation.I've taken my car there twice now, it is a hand wash spot and it has a little Mexican restaurant inside. I haven't tried the food, so the review is just on my carwash.First time they did a great job, except for when I left all the windows streaked with water because they didn't dry it enough. Second time they also did a great job, but they took over an hour and I was the only car there.Also, both times the sign I read said $11.99 for the wash, yet I was charged $14.99.. I tried to explain this in my best spanglish but the lady ringing me up just kept asking if I wanted a taco..So all in all this carwash isn't too bad (if time and money aren't an issue). Maybe next time I'll try the taco.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2009,1/25/2010,129,543,16,14,13>FYI: don't show up to Dirty Dogg in cocktail party attire. you will feel out of place. to be fair, I'd been warned, but I was already in north scottsdale and was not going all the way home to change, so i showed up looking like a lost socialite on saturday night. There was a huge tent chock-full of bikers in the parking lot, a rock band was playing and people were staring at me. awkward. Once Dottsy and Ayesha arrived, and laughed at my outfit, we went inside to get some drinks. The music is pretty rad, and while I would return with a group, this is not my scene. For example, when I think of bikers I picture men in bicycle shorts, not fringed leather. As for the rafter swinging women, well god bless them. I mean, would you swing from the rafters in your underpants? no, you wouldn't. let's recognize these ladies as the modern day heros they are. also, they are really nice to female patrons which is cool since it would be easy to ignore us in favor of the dollar-waving men. I have to say the best part of the night was when Ayesha stuck her butt out and wiggled backwards through a crowd of huge dudes and then got on the bar to try to make a buck. good times.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,1/24/2010,171,163,12,18,15>While getting new gear for this year's Native American Recognition Days Banquet at the Scottsdale Mall some friends and I suddenly got hungry - we kept trying to tigure out what to eat when I broke out my cell and texted KGB (542542) and asked "I'm at the mall in Scottsdale, AZ. Where is a unique yet nice place to have dinner near here?" Moments later I had my answer "Posh. How do we describe Posh? with two words: Improvisational Cuisine". We were hooked!I, the ever knowing yelper (yelpita to Thomas S.) have already heard of Posh and threw it on my list of places to try... became uber excited and lead the way. the parking is kind of odd just follow the signs from the road! And valet is free!! YAY!! We would've used it but the guy wasn' there!We were met by our uber cute server (dang! Forgot his name sorry!) and chose to dine at the counter. They liked it but the chairs were a lil uncomfortable for me. I kept almost falling the whole meal.I sampled a few wines and chose the rose` for a pre-meal drink. The "quiz" before the meal was different. I'm sure other reviews explain the Posh concept - in a nutshell: there was a short list of protiens, diners are asked to cross out anything they DO NOT want to dine on & then list ingredients they do NOT like or are allergic to and based on your answers - your meal is formulated improvisationally (is that even a word?) We chose the 5 course meal with wine (except for our DD) I said that I wasn't feeling the frogslegs and that I was down for anything including throwing an extra $15 for frois gras.After we turned in our surveys, the chef came and spoke to us. I mentioned his use of White Tepary Beans. Tepary Beans are a staple in our culture and its surprising to hear about it being used in haute cuisine. Turns out he purchases his beans from TOCA (Tohono O'odham Community Action)'s farms which funds cultural activities for the Tohono O'odham Nation... tiiiight! On to the food...There were three of us dining and that'd be 15 dishes!! soooo for this review, I'm only going to be describing my meal.First was an amuse bouche of Lychee in a light oily sauce. Very good, nice and slightly sweet but a good start. Next came a salad made of cabbage & wild boar bacon (that was marinated over night in DUCK FAT!). The salad was good, small but overwhelmingly flavored with onions. I wrote on my survey that I DETESTED raw and strong onion flavor... so why serve me an onion filled dish?! It was good, which is why I didn't send it back but after a while I couldn't hang and ended up not finishing it; but I LOVED my friend's popcorn soup! the BEST way I can describe it is: imagine watering down grits with chicken broth & adding popcorn as a garnish. Course 2 was a lightly fried fluke with sauteed baby bok choi. Very good - extremely light. The wine paired with it was ah-mazing! The panko coating was a little too oily but the fluke was still great! I would have like to have seen it be oil poached. My friend had a stuffed quail that was better than Thanksgiving dinner!! I couldn't believe it was so good, I wanted to switch plates!3rd course was the frois gras... the apex of a great meal. wonderfully seared and served cold... it was my first experience with frois gras... and it was sweet & delicious. It was paired with a sliced strawberry, spun sugar and a light sauce. ITs paired wine was the sweetest I ever had and complimented the dish perfectly.4th was pan roasted lamb with some kind of greens. This was a little disappointing. As my friend and i recieved the same dish! WTF? Half the fun of this place should be that everyone at the table recieves something different! I asked my meat to be cooked to medium and this was medium-well (boo!) the sous chef even commented saying that the doneness of the lamb made him cry on the inside... I was like "uhhhhh - then why did you over cook it?!" The dish was good, the lamb tender and the greens nicely flavored, kind of heavy on the bacon/pork fat flavor.Finally dessert. A chocolate pate` with more spun sugar and blackberry sauce finished my meal. Imagine taking a chocolate truffle and striping it of its semi-soft chocolate coating and forming its insides into a baby triangle and u'd have my pate`! As we were playing Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, spock (shout-out to all The Big Bang fans!) over the bill we were given flash frozen lemon custard lollipops (yummy!) and a small bag of cookies and brittle as parting gifts. They were great to nosh on during the giggle-filled ride home. Over all - the meal cost over a $100 a person & was VERY good, there might have been a few errors here & there but we still left buzzed & satisified! To my yelpers I say: Its a pretty penny and the add-ons do add-up but if you're looking for an amazing meal & have cash to spare give Posh a try. Just be sure to sit at the counter for the ultimate foodie experience!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,1/23/2010,311,459,6,16,11>This is one of those establishments that make me wish that we were allowed to give ratings in 1/2 star increments. The location (Papago Plaza, on McDowell and Scottsdale Rd.) is excellent; the restaurant is easy to find and parking is more than ample. The staff is friendly and very attentive. The buffet offerings are one gustatory delight after another. I wanted to go for seconds for almost every dish, and knew I shouldn't because there were so many to try. You get more seafood offerings here than in most buffets, and I like that they offered fried, baked, and poached fish dishes. The dishes I found outstanding: the fried chicken, the ceviche (with tostadas!), and pretty much all the shrimp dishes. Rand H., Mike C. and I kept commenting to each other how good each of the things we got was. However, two of my favorite dishes in buffets were a disappointment here: the sushi was very bland, and the squid was rubbery-chewy. Also, although the buffet serving area was very brightly lit, I found the main dining area to be too dim; the dimness level was such that some candlelight on the tables would have been a nice and practical touch. These are the few things that prevent me from giving this buffet restaurant the full five stars. Still, the meal was very enjoyable and  in my buffet list I consider this establishment to be one for repeat visits. Four and a half stars.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2009,1/22/2010,1313,191,5,15,18>So I thought I was getting a chocolate cake with Kahlua cream frosting.  Sounded good since we were having a luau.  Cut into the cake later that night to find that it was four layers of white cake with coffee/esspresso brushed on each layer then filled and covered with the awesome Kahlua cream frosting! Yum.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2009,1/21/2010,367,544,11,15,13>Coffee Crisps and Shrinky Dinks? You cannot give this place less than 5 starsThey don't really have bulk candy so if that is the kind of store that you are looking for then try some place else.  They do offer some of your traditional candy shop (or should it be shoppe?) candies but just know that they are in pre-measured bags and not bulk.What they do have at Smeeks are all sorts of hard to find, imported, and "retired" candies.  (If only they had Ketchup Chip....please Smeeks get Ketchup Chips!!!)  I have not found Coffee Crisp anywhere in Arizona, its my favorite and IMO absolutely worth $2.50.  Imagine things like Sky Bar and Valomilk.In addition to that they have an amazing array of novelty items that range from squirrel underpants to yodeling pickles.  I felt as if they had a fairly decent amount of Hello Kitty novelties. (Which was great because now I know what Thomas S is getting for his birthday this year! Thanks Smeeks!!)  They also carry items that will take your home baked goodies to a much more fun level- cupcake liners, toppers and the like as well as some party goods.  You could throw a really festive party, get a unique gift for a friend, or just find something for your own high jinks at Smeeks.  All of this amazing- and yummy- fun wrapped up into one cute little red and white store.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,1/20/2010,480,193,21,24,25>Had an interesting breakfast today, since my Shanghai Boofay lunch was so early.  MikeC, NormR, RandH, DarenC, and I met up at the place which has recently opened in the carcass of the former original location of China Star Boofay, in the carcass of a former Red Lobster, near 43rd Ave and Bell Rd in North Phoenix.So since there will soon be several thorough reviews from notable Yelpilluminati, I will stick to those areas that are uniquely mine:Greasy~Crispy Spectrum:.-. 4 stars .-.  nothing was too soggy at all, and there was a crispy outside on very many dishes.  Bonus that the terryaki chicken appeared not to have been deep fried but perhaps baked.Discard Pile:.-. 4 stars .-.  i had very little to cut off or spit out (thinking even of the short ribs) and most dishes actually had absolutely zero Discard Pile.  Notable were both the honey and orange chicken, and a nice crisped-up outside on the wontons.McKenna Novelty Factor:.-. 5 stars .-. (here's another category, newly named, for how i judge a boofay, whether it's got the 'same old same old' or it has unique items that you can't get just anywhere)  Shanghai had several items that were pretty novel.  Scoop-it-yer-damn-self Thrifty ice cream in about 8 different flavors.  Sushi bar that included seaweed salad and other acoutrements.  Also of note was what Norm said was called a Dessert Soup, which had a yellowish syrupy looking liquid with a small amount of blanched peanuts and red grapes floating in it, along with what at first apeared to be bits of tripe, like in menudo! Norm later figured out that it was ceylon agar (just think of it as vegan gelatin - it's from seaweed!), and with the server's help, that the small round fruits that looked like small apricots or orange lychee, were in fact a chinese fruit called loquat, we supposed related to the cumquat, every gradeschool boy's favorite thing to call someone as a name, since it's a real fuit and how can you get in trouble for that?RyanC-isms:.-. 3 stars .-.  A few personal favorites were missing, such as bean sprouts and a General tsao-type chicken (the spicy chicken they had wasn't spicy at all, and was mostly jalapeno flavored).  I also wish I could have put some chocolate syrup on my ice cream.  The lone bowl of rainbow sprinkles made me wish for more of a sundae bar, although MikeC seemed to be doing very nicely with the cone(s)!  $7-something for lunch is just allright since it doesn't include the drink.   The decor is comfortable and clean.  The service was excellent, with plates cleared quickly, and friendliness all around.   The nice ladies found answers to our questions and even took our picture, too!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2009,1/19/2010,454,555,6,18,18>So the crowds and general euphoria seemed to have died down since the opening of Sidebar six months ago. After more than a dozen visits to this lounge, I'm confident of my four star rating. In agreeing with what Kristin told me once, yes, Sidebar is very much what would happen if Roosevelt and Fez had a baby, at least design-wise.The environment, decor, and drink offerings rock. A few quick notes to illustrate:* Exposed brick and stairway entry that would make any East Coaster drool. * Cozy C-shaped booths for lounging. * Requisite absinthe dispenser in the middle of the bar and TV screens showing old films to indicate urban trendiness. * Kim Crawford sauvignon blanc by the glass, Anchor Steam by the bottle* White space-age-ish 4-seater tables and multi-colored LED panel thrown in for good measure.In a few birthday parties here, I have gotten different results. For mine in January, they gladly reserved a booth for my besties and me on a Friday at 9 pm. Of course, no signage or anything, so it was a bit of a hassle to say the least as the owner, Josh, gladly asked people to move. The next month, we ran into some resistance on reserving, but were able to manage it due to our own efforts.Overall, service has definitely improved. Although, be sure to watch your drink as ambition can get the best of them - they took away several of our half-finished glasses when we weren't looking.  One complaint to the bartender, and this was fixed. A new and appreciated detail is their drink menu featuring some unique cocktails. One request would be to beef up their appetizer offerings.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,1/18/2010,247,155,15,21,23>Solid divey neighborhood bar - I like this place.  Very affordable, not so big that you feel like you're swimming in it on a slow Monday night, and yet it's not too small that it felt jam-packed on a recent Friday night, either.  I need to check out the jukebox prices, they're apparently variable which for some reason always makes me clench up a little when I approach with my cash in hand. I'm pretty amazed at the girls they have working here - I've only ever seen some lovely ladies behind the bar.  That's worth a bunch of extra points for sure.  The air conditioning works janky, and everything from the carpet to the bar stools to the leather padding on the bar is pretty worn down, but it's still a cool place that i'm sure i'll be going back to again and again in the future.  The beers on tap, the quality of the bathroom, and the huge smoking patio put this place over the top - 5 stars.  Dive bar heaven.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,1/17/2010,357,399,11,18,19>This is a little gem.  Sometimes it's best to do one thing and do it really well.  America's does carne asada REALLY well!!  The meat is tender and flavorful and delicious!!  I had a carne asada burrito and it was probably the best I've ever had. But let me speak of the guacamole.....mmmmmm!!  If you like guac, this is awesome guac!!  It's got just enough kick in it and it is very tasty.  Their chips are fresh and crispy and a nice compliment to the guac.  My daughter loved the cheese quesedilla and ate the whole thing.  When we got in the car to leave she said she wanted to come back the next day!  That's high praise from a six year old!The shop is a cute little house with several tables inside and a nice seating area outside.  Parking can be a little of a challenge.  There is only one way in and it's the same way out.  So if you're leaving and someone is coming in, well....you get the picture.  The staff is always friendly and accomodating.  They make you feel at home.  The prices are reasonable so you don't break the bank either.  Thank you America!!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,8/9/2012,411,271,9,14,10>It isn't trendy.  It isn't fancy.  The chef isn't famous.  It is just plain good.I like Red Devil.  It is one of those places where ordering way too much pizza on purpose in order to enjoy it again for lunch the next day is perfectly normal and A-OK.  The service is consistently friendly, attentive, and happy to offer menu suggestions.  I can't comment on their wide variety of main dishes (which all look appetizing), because I can never tear myself away from the pizza.  What goes great with that pizza?  The Antipasto salad is fantastic - loaded with meats, cheese and even my favorite artichoke hearts.  A small is more than ample for two people to share.  Save some of that Italian dressing (presented on the side) to use as a dipping sauce for your pizza crust.  Instant breadsticks!  Speaking of pizza, Red Devil's graces a thin yet doughy crust with tangy sauce and generous evenly-distributed toppings.  My favorite, pepperoni and mushroom, tastes wonderful when re-heated for lunch the next day too!Go, sit in one of the bar's padded booths.  Enjoy an adult beverage or two (there are typically drink specials of some kind or another) and order a pizza big enough to take some home.  :)
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,8/8/2012,2178,528,22,20,19>Old school yo!We're talking salad bar with beets, sunflower seeds and cottage cheese yo!We're talking prime rib of Flintstonian proportions! I met a group of good friends here recently. We were seated in a back (non window) room and my claustrophobia almost got the best of me. It was a pretty tiny room. Soon I decided it wasn't tiny. It was cozy. And soon the Coronas were a- comin' and the conversation was flowing.Our server, a delightful woman, was efficient and friendly. And a shout out to her just for handling a group of a dozen or so yelpers! Can you imagine waiting on us lol!?!?My prime rib and baked potato were pure perfection. The salad bar was fresh and fully loaded. Much like myself towards the end of the evening.The decor is all muraled-out if memory serves me. So there's a lot going on! So Feeney's you got a new fan! Great place to take my folks, out of towners or anyone I think is worthy of the Feeney charm!!!Yo!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/7/2012,73,136,16,10,10>People the world over have set aside Sunday as a time to fulfill religious obligations in a church or a temple or whatever. I, too, devote Sunday to a spiritual undertaking of sorts. Brunch: the most important of all Sunday traditions, and Gallo Blanco is one of my favorite houses of worship.I begin my service with a holy communion of mimosas. I reflect on the salvation that the blood of distilled grapes and fresh squeezed flesh of oranges provides to me. Then the divine Huevos Rancheros speaks to me through a chorus of heavenly flavors. The housemade tortillas, perfect blend of cheeses, and spicy tomato sauce brings me to my knees in a prayer of thanksgiving.The saints that staff this wonderful establishment are very helpful and attentive. They are always happy to bring out an additional round of mimosas or to explain any menu item. I will religiously attend brunch at Gallo Blanco because their food is amazing, and the wait is not as bad as other brunch hotspots around downtown.Amen!
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,8/6/2012,146,56,10,15,12>A while back I got a chance to meet Chef Payton Curry and try his cuisine at Welcome Diner his short lived concept in Downtown Phoenix, incorporating planned obsolescence. Post Welcome Diner, Curry could be found making guest chef appearances at various restaurants around town as well as throwing "Guerrilla dinners" with his merry bunch of culinary misfits. Over the past few months Curry has been keeping his culinary skills sharp in the kitchen of Chef Charlene Badman at Scottsdale hot spot FnB.Fast forward to Today and the first service at Curry's newest venture, Brat Haus.  Nestled in the space formerly occupied by Oregano's Pizza, Brat Haus is spread out among two buildings with a "climate controlled" outdoor patio. (The 360 degree mister was a nice touch and quite refreshing on a hot day but I don't know if I would go as far as agreeing with our hostess that the patio is climate controlled)First up from the Haus, a stone hearth pretzel I have been drooling over on Facebook for the past week.  This rustic pretzel, served with grainy Haus mustard, is just what I had been hoping it would be (so much for maintaining objectivity).  A combination of hard and chewy, kissed with the perfect amount of salt, the Haus pretzel does not disappoint.  If I hear of anyone asking for cheese sauce to dip one of these happy little twists in, I may cry).I've eaten my fair share of Bratwurst including a few while in Germany which were pretty memorable but over-all, i've just never eaten one and exclaimed "DAMN! that's delicious."  Well, I can no longer make that statement as the Spicy brat ($5.75) topped with my choices of spicy peppers (of course) and root beer onions nestled in a chewy french roll just plain rocked.  Juicy, flavorful and possessed of the perfect meaty texture, the traditional spicy brat is a winner. (there will be many more of these in my future)Accompanying my brat were thrice-cooked belgian fries ($4.50/Large).  Lightly seasoned frites, crunchy on the outside and creamy on the inside as they should be, served with choice of dipping sauces (in this case truffle aioli and Sriracha Aioli), the Hause fries are not only a perfect companion to a brat but a necessity in my humble opinion.Last but not least, the ubiquitous hamburgers, or are they?  You will find a "regular" burger in the form of the Haus Favorite but that is where the "norm" ends.  There is a brat burger i'd probably want for breakfast every morning consisting of a 1/3lb pork sausage patty topped with a fried egg and swiss cheese ($6.75) and the 800 pound gorilla in the room, the "Pig Mac."($7.25)What's this you say? The Pig Mac? Let me get this straight, Curry thinks it's a good idea to combine a 1/4lb pork sausage patty with a 1/4lb ground beef patty topped with caramelized onions, bound with something called "Hush Hush sauce?"  Well it's a good gawddamned thing Curry has the twisted mind he does because there are few things pork can't make better and apparently a juicy, well seasoned hamburger is one of them.  I don't know why I haven't thought of doing this before but it works.  This mingling of textures and flavors going on here is like the crossing of the proton streams in Ghostbusters except I didn't end up with marshmallow goo on my face.  I must say, I would have rather had a traditional spicy brat split and perched atop my burger a bit more as I preferred its texture and spiciness to the patty but again, this is a winner.It's about time someone broke the mold and opened a restaurant that didn't fall into line with the current trend of cookie-cutter concepts, frozen yogurt, cupcake shops and gourmet burger joints come immediately to mind.  Curry and his Brat Haus have brought something simple, fresh and different to the Scottsdale culinary scene. (I'm sure others will follow in short order).
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,8/5/2012,900,214,35,10,6>Me: Hey, you wanna go shoot stuff?Gf: I've never shot any thing.Me: Neither have I, but they got this Living Social Deal.Gf: okay, let's learn3 months later...Me: we need to use our gun living social dealGf: I returned mine, i don't wanna go.Me: Oh.20 minutes later......well, they wouldn't let me retrun my deal so I went shooting solo...redneck style.Apparently this place is a good gun haven, it was pretty busy and I had to wait about 30 minutes for a lane to open up...The Living Social Deal:  Hour-Long Range Lane Rental, 9mmGun Rental, Box of Ammo, Eye and Ear Protection, andThree Targets from Caswell's Shooting Range...Here's the thing, the ear protection they give you is this rinky dink ear plugs which drowns out absolutely nothing. I walked in to the range with those things and almost dropped everything because I thought a bomb exploded. Guns are LOUD....since I'm not from LA, I didn't know this.Anyways, if you come here on your own fruition, make sure you buy ear protection otherwise be ready to spend some good $$$ on the ear protection they sell here. The money I saved on the living social deal basically went into buying some heavy duty ear safety. Which I can now also use when I go down Mill Ave...drowns out all the homeless people asking for change.Since I've never actually fired a gun until this day, I was kind of nervous of shooting someone/something by accident. ...."Hey, i've never held a gun before, can you help me figure out how to load this....and then shoot it...and actually how do i even take the gun out of this case?"....if someone asked you that at a shooting range, you would laugh and point, but the gentleman that worked the lanes was super chill and helped me to get all set up. The people here love their guns and want to teach you how to handle them properly. They also have classes here to help beginners.Once I stopped acting like a N00B, I shot up some targets. I basically hit every part of the body that did not contain vital organs...so rest assured, if you break into my house and I have a gun, you won't die. Overall, I had a good time, learned how to handle a gun and walked out feeling like a complete badass. If you have an hour to spare and are low on testosterone or you are running out of Viagra, go to caswell's.P.S. they have shooting targets that have aliens on them, so if you wanna pretend you are Will Smith from MIB, pay the extra charge and get them.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,8/4/2012,261,392,6,8,7>For a couple of reasons, 1130 has become a regular after-work haunt for me. First off, it's conveniently located in the Arizona Center. And I always like an excuse to linger in downtown Phoenix and people-watch after the sun goes down and the trees in the AZ Center light up. Secondly, I've become somewhat addicted to their wings ever since being invited here a couple of times on somebody else's dollar. They're really perfectly seasoned with just enough peppery heat. Mind you, this is not my favorite place in Phoenix for hot wings when I am on that mission, but these are a very compelling appetizer.I was pleasantly surprised to discover they offer a 10%-off discount if you check in through Yelp on your mobile phone. They already had me at Happy Hour drink and appetizer discounts, but another break on the price is always welcome.Consider checking out 1130 if you're catching a movie at the cinemas in the Arizona Center. You could always go for a plate of wings instead of a movie theater hot dog, couldn't you? I know I could.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,8/3/2012,96,136,12,11,11>These folks know what's up with the sammie world! OMG, I've only been once (well, twice, but only for kettle chips and a soda the first time)....so, I have yet to try the amazing menu "en totale"....but, rest assured, I'll give it my darndest and you'll be the first to know about my findings :)I had a wrap (gave in to a bit o' wheat that day, although I'm trying to stay on a wheat-free path)...it was fresh and flavorful but not overly filling = just right! The descriptions of some of the other choices, plus the amazing selection of cookies, makes for a great catering tray, I just bet! Look at some of the other Yelpers' photos for some idea of just what you have in store here!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,8/2/2012,331,379,16,10,12>Ya know, if it weren't 376 degrees outside most of the year, I would like this shopping area even more than I already do. There are plenty of shops and eateries to keep me entertained for a few hours.Mainly I hit up the same three places, listed thusly in no particular order:-Apple store to feed the addiction, nom nom apple products nom nom-H&M... must... buy.. cheaply made... inexpensive... trendy girl ... clothes omglolcat-Press Coffee Roaster... BECAUSE I'M JUST NOT CAFFEINATED ENOUGH. Runners up:-West Elm, to drool and fawn over adorable and ridiculously overpriced home decor.-True Foods Kitchen, because it's just yummy but I never get there often enough. -The bathingsuit store, Have no idea what it's called. Cuz who doesn't like exposing their flub to the world in overpriced bathing suits that you cant even get wet, probably. And so ends my mini-tour of the Scottsdale Quarter. Questions? Good, I didn't think so... let's go get drunk!
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,8/1/2012,301,169,8,8,8>Brilliant!  I had the traditional Shepard's pie and fantastic red-wine gravy which did not disappoint, and also stuffed myself with a shared Greek salad, oven chips w/garlic and jalapeno, and a rich, chocolatey, brandy-fied bread pudding that was just amazeballs!  I am surprised I still fit into my jeans right now; I highly recommend stretchy pants.Service was pretty slow as everyone seemed to be thrown off by the 26 ladies from the Red Hat Society that filled 80% of the seats.  The server explained they all come in once a month, so you may want to skip that day if you have a time limit.   There are so many pasties I want to try, I can't imagine NOT coming back.  Oh, and they have Boddington's on tap!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,7/31/2012,375,90,5,21,9>I hesitate to bust out 5 stars after one appointment but when you've been through what I have with multiple doctors and you find one that listens, respects your...errr...'inquisitive nature', is willing to work WITH you and isn't an ego driven maniac you kind of want to shout it from the roof tops. So, YAY Dr. Andrea O'Conner!! 5 stars!A little back story..I've unknowingly struggled with Thyroid Disease for at least 4 years, maybe longer. Being confronted with a barrage of wacky symptoms like exhaustion, muscle weakness, depression, hardcore mood swings, edema, digestive issues, abdominal bloat, slow heart rate, low blood pressure, weight gain, severe joint pain, brain fog to the point of being mid sentence and forgetting words, freezing cold all the time and oh yeah....pulling CLUMPS of hair out of my head every day in the shower and having Marilyn Manson eyebrows (read: completely gone) is scary to say the least. It's also frightening how long one will endure things like this all the while attributing everything to 'getting older'. By the way, I'm 36 not 86. Never underestimate the power of denial!It took some crazy blood sugar issues and kidney disease markers to drive me to an endocrinologist. I was diagnosed hypothyroid (thrilled at this revelation because I was thoroughly convinced I had cancer or was dying) given a nominal dose of dessicated thyroid hormone and told I would feel 'a lot better very very soon'. Let's just say that statement was laughable. Fast forward 8 months, 3 doctors, a shitload of research and self treatment on my part (out of desperation, not recommended of course) and I have found Naturopath, Dr. Andrea O'Conner. A weight has been lifted! Not once during my appointment with her was she condescending or did I feel like I was not being taken seriously. Her personality and the way she presents herself is also very genuine and without airs which I appreciate. I was honest about my previous experiences and what I expected and we have outlined a nice course of treatment that we are both comfortable with. If you have hormonal issues don't waste your time with an MD or Endocrinologist. Office appointments are not covered by insurance but lab work is and it's worth the out of pocket expense to regain control of your health. Phoenix Integrative Medicine offers all of those lovely aesthetic treatments like botox and dermal fillers, HCG etc. While I don't use those services, I would be comfortable referring someone to them with the experience I had.Be your own advocate.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,9/4/2009,369,124,8,10,8>Upscale thrift store?  Seems like an oxy moron to me, but whatever.I purchased 6 items:* 2 dresses, both still with tags on them* 2 pairs of shorts* 2 tank/halter tops, one was BCBG Max AzriaAll for $80.  Staff was friendly and helpful.  I love that you can bring in your gently used clothes and sell or get store credit.  I'm a fan!
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,9/2/2009,197,182,12,15,13>Bomberos, a Norwegian based group, playing what they like to call "obscene, disgusting punk", was formed in 2002......ooops my bad, Bomberos are Fire Fighters in Chilie...incidently my second favorite south american country..stopped here for Chrissy's surprise birthday party hosted by the fabuloso Amber and Teh "Cool Kids"...so what is my take on Bomberos? well i found it to be very comfortable, i feel kinda lame to write a review on a "Cafe & Wine Bar" if i didn't actually eat or drink anything. but the environment alone deserves 4 stars. it is truely an enchanting spot. everything they served looked awesome and there was nothing but Hmmmm's and "Yumm" and from the previous reviews i tend to believe that most of them are not over exagerated.  i look forward to returning sometime soon. for what i consider to be outer limits of my bubble, it's certainly not off limits. i will let Bomberos put out my fire any time. as long as it's with a nice Chilean Lager.Yelp!
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2009,9/1/2009,229,141,9,9,9>Content Warning: Rambling galore, continue at your own discretion...My plans were to go home and go back to sleep after this mornings exam on the autonomic nervous system, but of course, I never do what I plan on anyways. I ended up here, after driving around aimlessly and half-asleep thinking of all the crap I had to do today. I walk in, and I'm greeted by the two baristas, and stared down by the male one. It made me feel very uncomfortable...I'm thinking, Gawd, I know I look bad this morning (Literally, I slept in the clothes I was wearing, my all-nighter was cut short by me passing out, good thing I got dressed prior to doing so), but staring makes me feel worse! I'm sure the barista noticed my unease because he begins to tell me about how I look like someone he knew that was from South Africa... as long as she really looked like me (or better) I have no qualms with this, but made me think about scheduling with my hairstylist pronto.I ordered a 16 oz of the Chau Chau (white chocolate and blackberry coffee drink) from the Specialty Drinks menu, by suggestion of the female barista and something I believe to be a cinnamon roll, drowned in pistachios (they're a nut and green, how could I not love them?!). This came to like $5.98, a lil' too steep for my wallet, costing Next a star, sorry guys, I'm still a 'broke' college student... So, while waiting for my pastry and drink, the male barista continues to tell me how he's tripping out about my likeliness of this African woman he knows...Mind you I'm going off of 2 hours of sleep, so I'm thinking to myself, "...yea, uh huh, coo' , nice meeting you too...wait, what? I need my coffee to comprehend you..." The interior is rather large and has a comfy atmosphere to it, but at 9ish am it was crowded. This place was brimming with local moms and students, and probably a combination of the two, so I took myself outside to enjoy my breakfast. Ooooh, nice plush patio chairs, you don't get these at DD or Starbucks! And to my nut loving surprise, there was pecans in my roll too, when things like this occur I know G-d truly loves me...I sat in those chairs long after I had finished my breakfast just staring out into the parking lot, I don't know if this was due to bliss or just utter exhaustion.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2009,8/31/2009,690,342,23,20,20>Last night I learned that I should have applied myself to ice skating at a young age. I am a naturally graceful and beautiful figure skater. I skated backwards, I did twirls and even executed a highly skilled jump, and I have not even been on a pair of skates for sixteen years.The pro shop did not have gloves, but quickly after getting on the ice I realized that I wouldn't need them because I was going to spend my time upright versus laying on the ice like I had anticipating before realizing how highly skilled of a skater I am. $8.25 (I think) paid my admission for two hours of skating and got me some sweet rental skates. I really wanted some graceful white ones, but I got brown. Fortunately I had leg warmers to complete my ensemble and tie everything together. Brown has never looked so good with sparkly gray tights before. There were plenty of places to pop a squat to put on your skates or take a break and they have lockers to stash your shoes and hand bags. It also appears they have a snack bar and vending machines, but I did not partake in any of those offerings. I did, however, partake in some libations at the Ice House, located at the east end of the rink. I love that my friends and acquaintances sat inside the bar sipping their bourbon watching us skaters from the comfort of their warm seats. I'm certain they were too intimidated by my amazing skating skills to join on the ice.If you thought THAT was impressive, just you wait... I am going to take lessons and next time we have an ice skating #pfn I will blow all of you away with my triple quadruple axle spin jumps.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,8/30/2009,129,543,12,16,15>I met Kelly Garcia Sunday at the Craftsman Court farmer's market in Old Town - She is my cupcake hero. I figured I would wait for some sort of occasion to get myself to another bakery for cupcake testing but Sunday morning the cupcake came to me! I used to make fun of Argentinean hotels that offered breakfast cupcakes and then here I was at 10AM buying a chocolate cupcake with vanilla buttercream frosting and tiny lavendar sugar pearls. The cupcake: You can tell immediately when someone loves their work, and while I didn't speak to Kelly for any length of time she told me everything I needed to know as soon as I bit into the cupcake. This woman knows cupcakes. My cupcake was light as air - it was that magic blend of moist cake fluffed with air, not to sweet but distinctly chocolate-y, oh it was soooo good. Even the buttercream was light, it was silky too, like maybe it had been made with confectioners sugar because it was so smooth. The frosting was on the high end of the sweet spectrum for me, but the textures mixing around in that cupcake made it spectacular. A single cupcake ran me $3 and I didn't ask about pricing on dozens but she did tell me that she offers free delivery in Scottsdale. I just now went to her website where she says she will make you any and every kind of cupcake you could want.  Vanilla cupcake with lemon curd filling and lemon buttercream? yes please. Chocolate with peppermint buttercream? oh mama. I also noticed a sign on her stand that said she could make gluten-free and I bet she could keep me in vegan cupcakes too. oh lord this is very very bad...
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,8/28/2009,116,57,5,17,17>We stopped here for dinner before catching the performance of HAIR at the Herberger Theater with Amanda B. and her sister. This pub / restaurant has a quaint laid back atmosphere and quite a few brews on tap Guinness, Bass , etc; I chose a pint of Smithwick's to accompany my dinner. The menu has traditional Irish fair like Corned Beef, Sheppard's Pie, as well as burgers, salads and sandwiches. I went the safe route and had a Swiss Cheese Mushroom burger which went well with the pint I ordered. I liked the fact that the burger was 1/3 pound and had a decent flavor. Seamus' has a great downtown location, half a block off the light rail. The majority of the menu is priced under $10 and quite an array of offerings so everyone should find something they like.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2009,8/26/2009,363,93,7,37,13>We stopped by Singh Farms this morning for what I believe was their first public Farmer's Market (just their own product). They are open on Saturdays from 8 - 12 and are just east of the 101 (east) off Thomas Road. If you head east on Thomas, it will be the first driveway on your left. When you drive in, there are 2 ways to go. You can head left and park in the open space which is very near the log cabin that serves as the location for their little market. You can also head right and drive to the back of the property where they sell their compost. They've been there for 7 years and have been supplying restaurants around the valley (Royal Palms mentioned) in addition to selling compost. I understand they've been selling compost on Saturdays for quite some time.It is absolutely amazing to me that I was born and raised here, have lived here for the past 6+ years full time and I had no idea anything was in this location. If you pay attention now when you're on the 101 passing Thomas, you'll see there is this little grove of trees just east of the freeway.The produce looks great and I've heard others really love it (haven't tried yet) but what really stood out to me was what a great spot they have developed there. As far as what they had for sale today, they had a small selection of great looking produce, herbs, honey, seeds, salts and other items.Driving in, the property is covered with large trees. The atmosphere just seemed to be a bit different. Didn't feel like Arizona (the Phoenix metro area anyway). There was a ton of shade and the temperature seemed to drop a bit. In addition to having the farmer's market, they also invite you to tour the grounds. You could really tell a difference in the earth there - felt nice to walk on. Their compost is definitely getting put to good use. Walking around, you see the different types of produce planted in gardens sprinkled throughout the property. They also have a lot of neat structures that give the place a ton of character. Their main building in front is an open log cabin. The setup of their little market is very cool.  In addition, roaming the grounds, I saw a cool fireplace built upon a giant block of tree trunk, a little old style outhouse-like storage shack, very cool timber tables and a hangout spot that resembles a cantina/bar.  They also have animals in different locations on the property such as chickens, peacocks, goats, dogs, wild mustangs, etc.Mr. & Mrs. Singh & the rest of the folks there were super nice and helpful. The Mrs. also got a number of gardening tips from one of the folks there.All in all, it's just got a great laid back vibe. It was a super fun place for us & the kids to visit. Almost felt like getting we'd gotten out of town though we'd maybe driven a mile or two.Will be very interesting to see what develops there as more folks are exposed to them!
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2008,8/25/2009,112,139,14,13,13>This review is for Friday nights - an event called Party Foul. myspace.com/partyfoulazAs the website says... "bloghouse/ bmore/ remixes/ hip hop/ retro/ hyphy/ straight up fuckin bangers all night"If you like that loud new school dance-punk indie-electro techno-infused music that goes beep-beep and a hyperactive, slightly crazed party crowd, this night is for you.I invited a friend recently, who asked what the crowd was like... Here is the convo:Friend: "what type of crowd?"Me: "Hipsters homos dance music scenesters trannies drug addicts drunk people and assorted perverts."Me: "You'll love it."Friend: "oh yes... my type of peeps."If you found that amusing and intriguing as opposed to totally repulsive, go. You'll thank me later.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,8/24/2009,1313,191,11,24,23>I really enjoy this place. It's beautifully designed. It's hidden in a historic neighborhood, (zoning issues so no patio), and they make they own tonic! ---What else does one need? But now the food. Rich, full flavored, comfort food. I don't think there is a cuisine style here as far as I could tell, just some of the best food around. Had the fontina crusted with pinko and walnuts, awesome. A potato side dish, damn good I tell you. For the main course the skirt steak, which was some of the best red meat I'm had in a very, very long time. This is my vote for best new restaurant in Phoenix. Seriously.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,8/23/2009,247,155,9,12,13>I like this place, a lot.  So sue me.  Good, urban location, yet plenty of parking for us mis-placed suburbanites.  I don't think the prices are too out of line, given the upscale nature of the place.  We have fun trying to figure out which movie they're playing on the TVs, what is the best way to sit on the oddly-shaped stools at the bar (who would think straddling them is the best? so uncomfortable!!) and pretending to have never tasted the White Rabbit drink (sugar-tastic).  Usually a pretty good crowd here, always a good time.  Downsides: no real food, Pandora playlist then there's no dj (that works great for work, but kinda iffy at a bar), the line for the men's washroom.  seriously.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2008,3/3/2009,446,326,25,18,16>Forgive me Dr. Fitzgerald, my cardiologist, as I have sinned. This was a capitol offense as it was a premeditated artery clogging session after our visit today. A crime of passion. While working my way through college as an FTT conductor (long since eliminated) on the El trains around Chicago, I ate a lot of ethnic and soul food. I was 18 years old working summers on the worst shifts possible at all hours of the night, which carried me to some interesting neighborhoods to say the least. In other words, chicken and waffles was not new to me.Which brings me to my crime today. After receiving an A+ checkup from the good doctor, I made a beeline over to Lo-Lo's. Like I mentioned I have eaten chicken and waffles before, but for the most part eliminated this from the diet. I had also dined here before but it had been a while. In order to facilitate a fresh review, I made my doctors appointment to coincide with a Lo-Lo's lunch.I am happy to report that nothing has changed. Great fried chicken, I had a number six, leg, thigh and waffle with a side of greens to ease the guilt. Unlike many places around the country, specifically in the south that serve sweet tea, Lo-Lo's also has unsweetened which is to my liking. The chicken was served hot, the waffle cooked to perfection. Greens were cooked perfectly, a mix of mustard and collard I do believe. Add some red rooster Louisiana hot sauce, some Trappey's, a little syrup, butter and lord a mighty, my soul was healed.Service was with a smile, refills offered before asking, and a team effort. Top notch. Soul food, indeed. The Yelp-fession helps as well.
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,3/2/2009,363,93,5,18,14>We are big fans of OTFM!We had been going to the Phoenix Downtown Market on Saturdays for a year + now & love it. It's just a bit of a hike for us. We also participated in Maya's Farm's CSA the last go around & have been missing our market visits.Well, we've been going religiously to OTFM now for some time & pretty much cannot miss it.It just continues to get better & better (and more & more crowded).McClendon Farms has a big spread there & the produce is awesome. They have enough variety that we don't even have to supplement produce purchases with supermarket visits at all.My other favorite thing about OTFM is that they have GREAT food.Highlights for me:-Payton Curry is typically there (some representative of Digestif always is) & has killer dishes. We've had awesome chili, wonderful frittatas & even fresh hand pulled mozzarella with bagna cauda (which is probably our new favorite find of the past several months).-Tracey Dempsey (desert genius of assorted Kasperski spots) is there & has wonderful creations. She typically has a great offering from Cowboy Ciao as well.-Chrysa Kaufman & Rancho Pinot are there showcasing McClendon produce. Whatever they have flat out rocks. I've had amazing sandwiches there every time, unbelievable bean & sausage soup & about 50 glasses of meyer lemonade (the kids help).The other absolute must for us is the bread by the Phoenician folks. They have a chocolate cherry sourdough which is insane. Pairs wonderfully with red wine & coffee (so it's easy to do twice in a day). Their other breads are awesome too.That's enough for me to already be a win. I absolutely love that the chefs of some of the great local independent spots were there chatting & interacting with the community. Makes me doubly want to patronize their restaurants. It seems as if the chefs are pairing up with local farms as well.Other faves: -The tamale folks from Downtown Market are there with their excellent product. Unfortunately, they don't focus much on food sales on the spot but more on frozen packets for home.  We love their tamales (especially their chicken/mole).-There is a hot dog stand using Vienna Beef & doing Chicago style dogs with sport peppers, celery salt & all. Food is good but be prepared to wait.-There is also an interesting looking huge BBQ smoker which I need to try. Heard it was great from some folks we talked to.-Maya's Farm is there. Produce looked great.-There was an interesting vegan desert stall which was quite yummy that we'll be checking out more closely as well (dairy/egg allergic kids).-Several artisan bread stalls...And throughout the day, they also have live music which gives it a nice vibe.Was bummed Tortillas Rosario isn't there any longer. Hopefully they'll return as they were there early on. Excited that Seacat Gardens will also be coming back soon!Have also heard Sweet Republic will have a presence soon which we'll be totall psyched for.Fresh eggs are scarce. We've been too late but have heard that Maya & the goat lady have eggs. Definitely something that they need more of.They also do the write your order down on a card & go pay at a central location type thing like Downtown Phoenix Market as well but there are a couple vendors who only take cash.If you need it, there is an ATM just north of 1st street on Brown (west side of the street) - I needed it.Anyway, for us, it's by far our favorite farmers market in town!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,3/1/2009,8,25,7,10,9>To celebrate our anniversary, the boyfriend and I ventured out to Mastro's City Hall for dinner.  Do not let the businesslike exterior fool you...this is a beautiful, fine dining restaurant.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were greeted by the hostess and escorted to our table.  Didn't have a chance to check out the patio or bar, but I will say the dining room is gorgeous.  Low, but not dark, lighting.  Music piped in from the piano in the lounge, I believe??  Tables that seem packed in the room but have plenty of room between to allow you to move around.  We were seated at a two top, which I usually do not like, especially when there are fours available.  I understand why restaurants do this, but the tables are usually so small that we run out of room quickly.  This table, however, had more than enough space.  As the hostess seated us, she asked us what color napkin we'd prefer, black or white.  Never experienced that before.  I'm sure there is some sort of fancy-schmancy etiquette rule about which napkin is better, but we aren't really fancy-schmancy people.  We stuck with the white napkins that were already on the table.  Next we were given menus and greeted by the server who asked about a drink order.  I asked for water while I perused the wine list and the bf had a jack and coke.  What the waiter returned with was a water and a glass of jack (nearly full) and a bottle of coke.  A jack with a splash of coke just like he likes them.  The bf was happy.  Let me cover the service aspect of our evening.  Our server was awesome.  Very professional, educated and willing to educate us first timers on the menu and specials.  He made an excellent wine recommendation and helped us choose the apps for our seafood tower.  Additionally, it was also election night and we debated even going out as opposed to staying in and watching the returns.  But, the server kept us updated with results on a regular basis from the bar tv.  Yay!  Back up staff was generally good about filling water, clearing tables, etc.  But sometimes it felt like we were being rushed.  Staff approached the table to see if we were finished when we were obviously still eating.  Like actually chewing with food still on the plate.  Nothing too major, but I would expect better here.Ok, food...We had the seafood tower (shrimp, oysters, lobster), filets, asparagus and....wait for it, wait for it....the lobster mashed potatoes!  The seafood tower made a dramatic entrance complete with dry ice.  Again the server was very accommodating and helpful.  He made great recommendations and basically was able to create this dish as we wanted it.  Everything was delicious and the creamy mustard sauce was phenomenal.  I would choose that over cocktail sauce anytime.  I had the petite filet and the bf had the regular.  Both were cooked perfectly and melted in our mouths.  Also, the bf's steak seemed much larger than 12 oz.  Asparagus was bright green, firm but tender.  If you read the reviews here, people are raving about the potatoes.  With good reason...they are delectable.  Ridiculously good.  Seriously, my mouth is watering right now.  Do not fret if you don't see them on the menu.  They are a special item that they almost always have.  We paired a bottle of Cab with our entree which was very nice as well.  After dinner was cleared, we gladly boxed up our leftover mashers (seriously it could serve 4 easily).  I thought we were ready to go, but out came a slice of delicious chocolate cake as a treat for our anniversary.  We didn't order this, they just brought it out.  Regardless of what kind of restaurant you are at, this is always a nice touch.  Even with our best efforts there was no way we were going to finish the cake so after a few bites that went in a box as well.  In spite of the earlier rushed feeling, once we finished our meal we were left alone to finish our drinks.  This was easily one of the best meals I've ever had.  It is spendy, so we won't be back often.  But we will be back again and be recommending it to all our friends.  ps...the bf paid so I can't really complain, but those take home boxes??  They made it home, but I've never seen them again. :)
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,2/28/2009,447,457,9,22,18>Just got done with "lunch" at Scramble, Sunnyslope's newest breakfast spot! They've only been open since Monday (this is their fourth day in operation) so I expect some adjustments will happen over time... here are my initial thoughts, after one visit:They've definitely improved the old 1980s Le Peep interior!! This contemporary new look is perfect for the neighborhood! The set up is kind of like Sauce, where you file past menu boards as you approach the register to order. You'll be given a number to place on your table so food can be delivered to you. There's an island station for drinks, condiments (ketchup and Tabasco) and silverware (although the cups are paper). The chairs are silver and resemble plastic lawn furniture but are made from a lightweight metal (caution: they are VERY noisy when they clank against one another as you drag a chair to move it!). Not necessarily a seat you would want to settle into, but, hey! We're here to eat, right? There are large TVs mounted throughout the dinning area which I have mixed feelings about - I get very distracted by the closed caption because I'm sucker enough to believe FOX or CNN when they alert: "breaking news."My lunchmate and I tried one of their "signature breakfast pizzas" called Brizzas ($8). A puffy, crust covered with creamy scrambled eggs. Ours was topped with mushrooms and decorated with a few leaves of spinach, fresh sprigs of thyme and melted cheese. While the eggs were perfect, the pizza did not have the flavor punch I had expected. That said, the eggs were very good and I'm looking forward to trying an omelet ($9) or breakfast burrito ($7) on another visit. Although, I'm not sure I can say it will be my next one because the cinnamon rolls which are baked fresh daily in house or the pancakes (buttermilk, multigrain, caramelized banana, vanilla peach, seasonal berry, chocolate chip or peanut butter chip) may divert my attention. Also, the Santa Fe eggs benedict ingredients of jalapeno corn bread, blackened ham and chipotle hollandaise are tempting...Scramble is open from 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. so they do have some lunch offerings (served after 11 a.m.). We also split the simple salad: butter lettuce, tomato, avocado and onion with a lemon vinaigrette. The salad was fine. Tasty fresh ingredients (I spied some more thyme in the salad too) and was chocked full of avocado, but I don't think the portion was enough to satisfy as a meal and that made the price seem a little steep ($7.50).I'm looking forward to walking to Scramble on a lazy morning and taking advantage of the outdoor seating along 7th Street while I sip coffee, read the paper and chow down on some pancakes.Hey, Scramble, welcome to the neighborhood! Glad to have ya!!
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2008,2/27/2009,848,353,13,27,19>Ok, most people hate going to the laundromat to do their laundry.  I have no choice but actually like coming here.This place is super-clean with a friendly staff (mostly Spanish-speaking but I'm fluent so THERE :P).  There are *no* pigeons running around this place.  Always a plus!You use a card here, no quarters dug from under the couch cushions.  I like that.  The place is spotless.  There's always someone cleaning up.  The machines are regularly cleaned out of forgotten socks and panties.They even have a little store with a variety of different detergents!  They are open late, which seems to be when I go there.  Many TVs throughout, tuned into different stations.  There's even a PacMan machine to play!
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,2/26/2009,362,221,20,26,22>Good feeling,won't you stay with me just a little longerIt always seems like your leavingWhen I need you here just a little longerYes I am borrowing from the the Violent Femmes on this one. The words describe perfectly how I feel whenever I am leaving this theater. I seem to come out of movies happy here and wish I didn't have to leave so soon. OK, I am taking my own meaning from the lyrics, but that is the beauty of music isn't it?I love this place for playing those amazing movies that you may not always find at the mall or whatever multiplex you go to. I love that people who are snobs about Scottsdale come here to see great independent films and seemed surprised it is great. Just an FYI most of the douche bags & bimbos they fear don't live here and only visit the clubs & a few restaurants, and then they go home.Just recently I've seen Slumdog Millionaire & Milk. I loved both and if they were the only movies I'd seen this year, I'd be happy.And I cannot forget their concession stand, the people that work there actually seem happy to do their jobs and have a sense of humor. They definitely roll with my shenanigans. Let's just I've made out of the box requests, changed my mind, and added on at a bad time all in the same order, in other words I've been a pain in the ass. When I asked the guy if I was his worst customer ever, he laughed and said no, he'd had worse.  We were both laughing at that point.I also love the fact that I can bike here in like 10-15 minutes. In summary, get over your Scottsdale prejudices and check out some of the great movies at this place out if you have not already. Call me, I'll meet you there on my bike. ;)
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,2/25/2009,151,182,30,26,27>I always make a point to inquire as to what people do for Christmas dinner. This is easily mistaken as an interest in learning and understanding other cultures, when in reality I'm just looking for a scapegoat. Just once, when someone screams "YOU EAT CHEF BOYARDEE FOR CHRISTMAS!?" at me, I'd like to be able to say "oh yeah...well [insert your name] eats [insert something like but not necessarily puppy tails and applesauce]!"For like, a long time, my family have made hand-made ravioli for Christmas. It's a long and laborious process that takes up the better part of a Sunday afternoon. So naturally that's when I decided to pick up a gift certificate for someone from Tammie Coe.We're almost knuckle deep in flour and grated cheese when I call to see when they close. The ravioli was going to take us 2-3 hours to finish. And guess how much longer Tammie Coe was open? That's right, 2-3 hours.The smell of dough still fresh on my threads, Misty S and I jetted (or should I say "jetta'd"...fuck you) to central phoenix to pick up the gift certificate before the dogs realized they preferred raw dough to dog food. Now, I had been to Tammie Coe quite a few times,  usually in tow with Amanda B. Since layers of delicious frosting tend to clash with layers of expensive makeup, I usually opt out of eating any of their tasty treats. I simply sip on a peach tea and pretend I'm not starving for some fucking cake.But there we were, on a Sunday morning, dressed in our pajamas, having missed breakfast and looking forward to three hours of pasta-making.Misty S said looking at all the food made her hungry.Well, yeah.Saying that Tammie Coe doesn't make you hungry is like saying Bandaids doesn't bring you deep, deep shame.So along with the gift certificate we got two chicken salad sliders, a peach tea, iced chai, and one of those giant chocolate chip cookies I like to call "diabetes frisbees".The sliders were all kinds of delicious. Even my veg-leaning squeeze thought so. And considering the prices at other places in the area, you're not going to beat a $2 sandwich. Unless you rob the place.Would a yelp review count as evidence in court? "Your honor, I present to you Exhibit Y, where the defendant  writes 'and as I walked out of the restaurant, money in hand, the cowering hostess muttered to me 'thank you for coming, have a nice day'. Three stars for outstanding hospitality." The peach tea was, as expected, great. I almost wish someone would find a way to fuck up peach tea so I could judge how good all this tea I've been drinking really is. The few sips I had of Misty's iced chai latte were above and beyond Starbucks quality. But then again, what isn't?
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2008,2/24/2009,2178,528,62,54,43>Neiman Marcus meet Salvation Army. Salvation Army meet Neiman Marcus. Nice. Wow. A vintage/thrift store that doesn't smell like my Aunt Helen's wig closet. No stench of mothballs, decaying bodies or stale smoke from an old pack of Capri Ultra Light Menthol 120s. Organized. Well staffed. Well, staffed by people who are actually engaging and interested in you. Unlike SO many other similar shops in this area where you get a little bit of "OH, you are so lucky to peruse my crap" attitude. Most importantly...great stuff. Vintage Italian dishware (think Fiesta with a Tuscan twist), Disney movie stills, framed, and selling for a mere Abraham and an entire case of well lit (much like myself at the time of shopping) Prada, Jimmy Choo and Minola Blanaks!! Just my luck! None in my size. Flo. I love you! So glad you found another gig after Mel's. And for those who aren't a fan of Flo's. KISS MY GRITS!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,2/23/2009,239,156,15,17,16>Took the mom and sister here for a cool down today and WOW! I had the Vesuvio, which had the ability to literally fill my mouth with flavor bursting from each little paddle full of goodness. Thankfully I chose the single scoop, because honestly it was so rich that I probably  would have gone in to an embarrassing moaning fest if there had been any more in my cup. Mom had the Light Mint Chip - a refreshing choice on such a hot summer day. Sister brazenly went for two scoops of Caffe Espresso paired with Chocolate.  Other than the much discussed PITA parking situation complements of LGO, there was not a single deterrent from the perfection of this experience.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,2/22/2009,84,145,4,9,8>Since moving to Sunnyslope, I've been on the lookout for good neighborhood restaurants. I'm very happy to have stumbled upon this place. The Eye Opener feels like a small-town diner and is surprisingly large inside. Everyone was incredibly friendly and the food was outstanding. I ordered the chicken fried steak, eggs and hash browns. The hash browns were sliced, sort of like thick potato chips and fried. The gravy on the chicken fried steak contained large chunks of sausage and was full of flavor, and my eggs were perfect. My meal came with two biscuits, as well. I don't think I was hungry for the rest of the day. So good, will definitely be back.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/26/2014,63,165,10,16,13>Prepare to be schooled on what BBQ really is and what it always should be when you step into Little Miss BBQ.  Smoked with real wood.  Salt and pepper.  Simple sides. Low heat.  Your search for the real thing outside of Texas will finally be over!  It is true central Texas style BBQ right in the middle of Arizona.  Forget Famous Dave's and even Bobby Q's.  Don't be fooled by the quirky location because it is an oasis in the middle of an industrial area and seedy strip joints.  Scott and Bekke (and Travis, their assistant pitmaster) have really created a place where everything about the BBQ community come together.  They took their expertise from traveling around Austin and several of their famous BBQ spots, like Franklin's, and brought it smack dab to the middle of a place that needed it. I've been 3 times now and it gets better with every visit.  Get there between 11-11:30 so you won't miss out on anything.  On each visit, they have been making more and more food though.  But you know what?...there's just something about getting there early and lining up for what I can guarantee will be well worth your time. Plus?  The line moves fast anyway! LMB are the nicest set of people and love what they do.  Ask them anything and they'll gladly give you the time of day.  Good service and delicious food?!  Yes please!!  Buy it by the pound or get yourself a two-meat plate, or the El Jefe (brisket, sausage, coleslaw, house sauce sandwich).Here's a run down of what I've shoveled into my mouth:Brisket - Scott lets you choose the lean or fatty side of the brisket and you will get a melt-in-your-mouth sample too!  Has an insane smoke ring on it.  Bark is flavorful.Pork Ribs - Nice and peppery...Includes the short rib too!Pork - Mild smokey flavor and the perfect combination of juicy and tenderSausage - Made in-house with a slight kick and perfectly juicy too.  Did I mention I usually hate sausage?  I couldn't get enough of this!  Beef Belly - LMB's special on Wednesdays, beefy and tender.  Definitely try it out.Jalapeno Cheese Grits - creamy, cheesy, and the right kind of kick...never have I EVER wanted to touch grits before, but these come highly recommended by LMB, so I tried it and brought home a pint during this last visit.  Mmmmm mmmmm goooooood!Coleslaw - Best I've ever had...this has a tang to it and is nothing like the icky mayonnaise-based stuff served everywhere elsePotato Salad - Red potatoes and the right amount of everything.  Complete opposite of the mushy stuff you get at delisBeans - Includes brisket.  Did you hear me?  It has brisket in it!!  Spicy and oh so delicious with a smoky taste to it.  No clue what is in it, but does it even matter?!  Get some!If you aren't wiping drool off your little iPhone or keyboard right now, then perhaps knowing they also have pastrami on Thursdays, beef short ribs (of the Flintstone variety) on Fridays and Saturdays, and even Pot de Creme on occasion for dessert will make your salivary glands realize what they are missing out on!Go. Get. You. Some!!!!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,4/25/2014,311,459,11,18,13>This is not a big space, which is not surprising since it is tucked away in a corner of the newly-opened Camelback Whole Foods store. Therefore it might be a bit tricky to get a seat during peak hours especially if you come with a group. But the service is friendly and reasonably fast and  the food you order will come from the very active food stations of Whole Foods, so there isn't much of a wait between placing your order and getting  your food. The food itself is good, and there is a more than decent selection of drinks available. Since they're newly opened, there are still a few kinks to work out. Our group had to share menu sheets for food and drinks; there didn't seem to be enough to go around for all of us. But hopefully these small details will be remedied soon as the staff adjusts to the pace of the business and the clientele.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,4/24/2014,892,390,14,18,17>A great place to be active! There's something for everyone :)This park is broken down into different sections; ramadas (they can be rented),  fields (used for softball, baseball, soccer & football), skate park. basketball courts & a splash park (which the little ones LOVE). On top of all that there are real bathrooms (yay for no port-a-potties!), covered parking AND even an ice cream shop!
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,4/23/2014,100,799,10,18,17>Always really love this screwy place & think it's worth the 66 mile round trip from my house.  Today I was joined by Mike C. & Jackie C. and my order was for a Fontina Burger which has 6 oz. of tasty beef, roasted & diced red peppers, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato slices, pickle, onions, farm-made pecan pesto & fontina, whatever that is.  The important thing is that this burger was GREAT, & so were the fries (one of several side choices) that are included with the burger!     :-))Fontina Burger & Fries $9.49
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,4/22/2014,509,228,16,36,22>When somebody writes about a laundromat and says, "I love this place" and "This is the Cadillac of laundromats", then that is the kind of laundromat for me!  My stupid washer decided to crap out on the Sunday between Black Friday and Cyber Monday, so by the time I bought a new washing machine I had to wait 10days to get my washer delivered!! Boo!  Of course I had been out of town three times in the last three weeks so I had a monstrous load of laundry and my dog was sick so I had some nasty smelling towels, so I decided I just needed to suck it up and venture to a laundromat.  After lots of Yelp searches, review reading and phone calls to laundromats I decided on Eco Laundry.  My research paid off!  Eco Laundry has lots of washers with multiple capacities:  1load washer- $1.252 load washer- $2.503 load washer- $3.755load washer- $4.506load washer- $6.00They are all arranged in a very organized fashion with large signs to help you find what you are looking for.  They also have two sizes of driers: Standard load dryer:  $0.25 for 8minutes I believe50lb load commercial drier: $0.50 for initial 4minutes and I think $0.25 for every additional 4 after it starts.Since I was making the trek to the laundromat, I decided to do my comforter and all my dog's blankets and stuff.  I had around 10-12 loads that I washed and dried for about $30 in 2hours!  Honestly the most pain in the butt part of it was unloading it and putting it all away when I made it home!As far as the interior goes it was as pleasant as a laundromat could be.  Brightly lit room with Flat screen TVs throughout, clocks on the walls, stocked up vending machine, soap machine, and coin dispenser.  Oh and FREE wifi!  The cleanliness was far superior than any other laundromat I have been in.  The bathroom is kept locked, which I assume is for cleanliness and anti-loitering reasons, but you can easily ask the attendant for the key. Speaking of the attendants, they have great customer service!  When I called and while I was there, the attendants were very informative and pleasant.  The clientele was a combo of college students, a few couples and some randoms doing larger household items like comforters.  I ended up meeting a very pleasant couple from NYC and we chatted while we handled our laundry.  All around I have absolutely no complaints.  If I ever need a laundromat  in the valley of the sun, Eco Laundry will forever be my spot!   Oh and make sure to bring cash!  All machines operate on quarters only.
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,4/21/2014,699,631,23,38,30>My Friday night plans fell through and wound up with my son and his boyfriend and we were starving I asked them if they were up to trying out a new Thai place that we haven't been to yet and they answered back quickly with a yes, let's go!We got their around 8:45pm and the place was sort of emptied out, but it was perfect for us. I also noticed that I got a free Thai Tea for checking in on Yelp! How sweet is that!  For starters we ordered the chicken satay, the chicken was delish and full of flavors, the peanut sauce was amazing! My son and I at the same time said we could bath in the peanut sauce it was that good! Apple doesn't fall far from the tree I guess. But that sauce is amazing! Love it! One ordered the Massaman Curry, mild and that dish looked so very yummy! He said it was delish too! The other one ordered the Chicken Pad Thai mild without bean sprouts and he loved it too!I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai as well, but had my Thai hot baby, bring on the heat I say! I enjoyed the Pad Thai, the noodles where perfectly cooked, the chicken was very tender and so tasty! The pad Thai did come with tofu, which next time I know to have it without tofu but since it was already on my plate I went ahead and tried it out, and well it was flavorless and blubbery, like you would imagine a whale to be. It's not my thing, but I tried :) .My son and I have a favorite little Thai place on the other end of Mesa that we love, but I think Thai Spices just might have knocked them out, can't wait to come back and try the pineapple fried rice of course with chicken!
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/20/2014,602,328,8,15,15>Nori may be on of my new favorite sushi places in Phoenix... I was a bit skeptical walking in here the other night and had pretty low expectations because of its location in Desert Ridge. But alas I was pleasantly surprised and had an absolutely fantastic meal here - drinks, food and service were all on point! For dinner we ordered a bit of everything -  We started off with some Nigiri, Tuna, Salmon and yellowtail. All 3 selections featured surprisingly fresh fish and the rice was cooked perfectly. It wasn't gummy and didn't fall apart. The Seaweed salad was solid. For rolls we ordered a Poki Poki which featured their house speciality tuna poke and crab. It was recommended by our server as one of her favorites and she didn't disappoint. Soft Shell Crab roll was flavorful as was the Salmon Skin roll. We ordered a bottle of their unfiltered Sake which was placed in an ice bucket on the table to ensure that it was kept cool and their Strawberry lemonade Martini was to die for! I will def be back!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,4/19/2014,190,195,7,16,13>Though I am neither a vegetarian nor gluten-intolerant, I do have family and friends that are. While neither of those specific family or friends were with me on this particular evening, the person in line infornt of me was gluten-intolerant and the person in line behind me was a vegetarian.I was very impressed how when they each explained their dietary restrictions to the person helping them that each staff member knew exactly what that customer could and could not have and explained their menu items and what was in each, down to which items were made with chicken stock (which I've noticed some people don't seem to realize that just because there are no chunks of meat in something, that if made with an animal stock is NOT vegetarian).It's nice to see a business properly and thoroughly train their employees about their food beyond the information needed to be provided the majority of its customer base. Gadzooks realizes that the majority is not the entire customer base and has accomodated those with other dietary needs with a place to go and eat at with the assurance that they are infact able to enjoy their food without fear that the person helping them gave them false information.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,4/18/2014,341,77,10,16,15>After hearing about the creative and delicious dishes at Pig & Pickle and learning about the Chefs' commitment to local produce, handcrafted cocktails, homegrown herbs, and fresh baked breads, I was excited to finally visit P&P to celebrate a friend's birthday. Our server, Cat, was super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. She was encouraging of us trying new things without being "pushy" which was quite refreshing. We ordered a round of cocktails and everyone was quite pleased with the humorously named drinks: "Red Headed Stepchild" (which came with a Sour Patch Kid!), "Salty Dog" (vodka, black/white hawaiian sea salts, fresh grapefruit) and the "Maggie" (homemade triple-sec and Hawaiian Sun strawberry/passionfruit juice - delicious but not too sweet). I ordered the "Bramble On" (gin, blackberry, lime juice, soda) because it sounded creative and refreshing, but since I'm not a "gin girl" I didn't find it quite as tasty as the other drinks. The favorite appetizers that the group tried were the Pork Belly Tostadas ($9 for two large tostadas) and the Fried Brussels Sprouts with Asiago and a Farm Fresh Egg ($7). The Butternut Squash Soup with toasted pepitas was so delicious that I was glad that I had a small bowl for myself that I didn't have to share! A specialty item on the menu tonight was Trotter Stuffed with Fennel Sausage. "Pied de Cochon," as this delicacy is known in France, is French for Pigs' Trotters or Pigs' Feet - yep, feet! Not surprisingly, this part is typically thrown away by butchers, but apparently this can be quite appetizing when it's prepared correctly (bones removed, cooked for hours, etc.). I don't love pork, so I passed on the opportunity to try this dish. The meat-lovers in the group tried the stuffed trotter and were disappointed that it wasn't quite as tender as expected, though they raved about the fennel sausage and the raspberry sauce that accompanied the dish. Our server noticed that most of the dish was left untouched and when she heard it wasn't quite as expected, she apologized and took it off our bill. The main dishes were the the show stoppers of the night! The Golden Beet Salad ($9) was artfully presented and deliciously prepared with candied pecans, watercress, bleu cheese crema, and pomegranate seeds. The sandwiches or "sammies" come with your choice of fries, small "dump truck" salad, or tots for an extra $1. With all the other appetizers, two people split the "Nancy" (brie, avocado, tomato and shaved red onion on garlic rubbed bread) and were quite satisfied with the sammie and salad. The birthday girl selected the "Chocolate Mud Cake" for dessert, which was beautifully presented with a candle and chocolate garnish on the side. The chocolate cake was moist, rich and delicious with a hint of sea salt that was nicely paired with a scoop of butter pecan ice cream. After a fun birthday celebration that excited our taste buds, I'd love to come back to P&P to sample more of the menu and enjoy the happy hour pricing (4-6 pm daily).
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,4/17/2014,155,176,15,21,18>This review is just for the sushi part of the restaurant because we didn't try the Teppan side but we will be back for sure to give it a shot. From the little I saw it looked like they put on a good show.Thanks to Living Social for this find. I love Japanese food and sushi so when I was looking around for what I call "Prepaid Date Nights" I saw this place and bought the deal. I didn't even know this place was here.It was Saturday night so time to break out one of these "Prepaid Date Nights" out and give it a try. Just another unassuming place in a strip mall. When you open what looks like a big wooden door the inside is very nice. Teppan tables on one side and regular tables on the other with a sushi bar along the wall next to that. The hostess came up, had our reservation and we were seated immediately. The Teppan tables looked full but there were plenty of regular tables available. Some of the parties at the Teppan tables looked like they don't get let out much. They were having a little too good of a time. Drinky drinky. But it was all a good time. Our waitress Colleen came over right away and was very very nice. She explained the menu, the happy hour specials, I still haven't figured out exactly when happy hour is at this place but whenever it was it was going on now so let's do it, and she offer suggestions. All of the wait staff had these LED name tags with their names scrolling or dropping or going by in different ways. My girlfriend and I both thought they were really cool. I can never pick sushi rolls because everything sounds so good. I would order way to much food. So my girlfriend is in-charge of ordering sushi whenever we go out. She hasn't picked bad yet. I did make the suggestion that I wanted to try some spicy rolls like the Arizona roll. So we ordered the I Sushi roll, the Arizona roll, the Vegas roll and the baked I Sushi roll. We had never heard of a baked roll so we were curious plus if they are putting their name on it it must be a specialty.We ordered drinks. She got some green cocktail thing with pineapple, which she really liked and turned out according to Colleen to be one of the more popular drinks, I thought is tasted good too and I don't really like pineapple. I got a Kirin Ichiban. Bonus points for having this. How can you be a Japanese place and not have Kirin. We also got two ice waters. Here is another thing this place does that I really like, they put a slice of cucumber instead of a slice of lemon in the waters. I do not like lemon in my water. If I wanted lemon aid I would have ordered it and I wouldn't have because I don't like it. But cucumber was so much better. Extra points for this original thought. At least the first time I have seen it.The rolls came out pretty quick. Now it was not that busy but even then some places take quite awhile to roll. But these came out bam, bam, bam. Wow were they good. So fresh. I mean the fish was swimming around happily this morning fresh. Like we lived in a coastal city fresh. The I Sushi roll had jalapenos and chipotle sauce on it but it was a good hot not a burn your face off hot. The Arizona roll had jalapenos on it too but didn't seem as hot as the other. Of course it's heat might have been swimming upstream from the I Sushi rolls heat. The Vegas roll was very good too but I think my favorite of the night was the baked I Sushi roll. They were all very good but this one was just that much better. They had a lobster and crab ball on top of a small roll on it's side then they baked the whole thing. It was so warm and good. Even though I was full I could have eaten more of that one.We both really enjoyed the food and the service. We will definitely be back here with or without a coupon of some kind. The prices where very reasonable. Especially with the level of freshness of the fish. Next time we will try the Teppan for sure but probably still order a roll or two of this great sushi. This just became my new favorite place for sushi. So much better than the place down the street. I don't care if that place is all you can eat I would much rather come here. I will take fresh, great sushi and exceptional service over all you can eat any day. Keep up the great work I Sushi & Teppan.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2010,8/4/2010,175,67,12,16,12>Since October, I have had an obsession with the Pho at Blue Moon. Since discovering this little Pho jewel, I've probably come for dinner 14 times - 3 times by myself (I can't believe I'm admitting this to you..). So, clearly I'm a Pho-lover, and as far as Pho goes in the Valley, this place serves some of the best. It's run by a very nice Vietnamese family - always friendly and smiling. The location itself is small and modestly decorated, but it's bright and clean and usually full of people! Most of the times I've come, the majority of the other patrons have been Vietnamese families, which I'd say is a good sign for the authenticity of Blue Moon. Soup has to be one of the most comfortable meals around. At Blue Moon, they serve traditional Pho with rare steak, tripe, and tendon, and also have brisket and meatballs. Don't be shy, get the large! I alternate between rare steak and meatballs, the chicken pho, and then the pho with veggies, and I load each one with a healthy squirt of sriracha hot sauce, sprouts and basil. The veggies usually include carrots, bok choy, and broccoli - colorful, crispy, and plentiful. Love it. If I am very hungry, I start with the egg rolls - shrimp and pork goodness in a crispy wrapper. Although I only ever order the Pho (they have a 50% off special - $3.50 for a great meal!), the rest of their menu looks delicious. They have family dinner specials (for 2 to 6 people) with several different dishes that are a great deal. They have other noodles and soups, as well as meat, chicken or tofu dishes served with rice. They also have seafood appetizers and main courses, like sauteed clams or salted catfish. One day I'll branch out from the Pho and try the other Vietnamese delicacies, but for now, I am hooked on Pho!
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,8/3/2010,1114,557,5,20,16>Gils.. A relatively new business to the complex on 16th St and Bell Rd. Gils is NOT your average Mexican Style food. It is New Mexican Style. They use whole beans, no lard and light on flavor. The rice is not orange but more of a yellow with hints of garlic infused. The burritos are covered in red or green sauce, which can be a hot or mild depending on the crop. I had the pork Carnita's burrito topped with green sauce. Beans and rice. I would have been disappointed it I expected smashed refried beans too. BUT I love the beans as they are. They are sort of like a ham hock style bean. The carnitas was wonderful and huge. filled with pork and not a spec of fat in it. Topped with cheese and Hatch Green Chilie sauce. Did I mention Huge? The whole meal including water and chips and salsa set me back $10 bucks. I even have a small lunch for tomorrow. The chips are homemade and the thicker type. The red salsa was spicy but not hot and green was good. The rest of the menu looked good, nothing stood out as a must have but I will be back. The place was clean and they made a nice patio outside, complete with waterfall and everything.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,8/2/2010,848,353,20,17,18>Today was my first time here.  Yes, I know, I am a Big AL(big-ass loser.  You'd know this if you've ever taught middle/high school).  Anyway, I was meeting up with Tony, aka Lightrailblog for a late lunch.  I knew I wanted the elote.  I've been hearing everyone scream about the damn elote for months.  I started out with an iced tea (I am an iced tea FREAK!) that was flavored - I think mango.  Then I got an Arnold Palmer.  This was the BEST AP I've EVER had!  (Sorry, FEZ!)  It was made with freshly-squeezed lemonade and was plenty tart.  I also had huevos ranchers.  I like that they asked how I wanted my eggs cooked.  I HATE fully-cooked yolks.  Unless it's a hard-boiled egg, then it kinda has to be that way.  Came with a side of refried beans.  The salsa on top was awesome and not store-bought.  Server, Steven ("Esteban") was awesome...as soon as he figured out that everything I said was a joke. I mean, come on, am I *really* gonna put my ice cubes on your nipples?  Well, not in public, and not until you buy me dinner.  HA!Downfall:  THE FLIES!!!!  There were at least 4 flying around our table.  *shudder*
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,8/1/2010,362,221,12,21,16>This is what a neighborhood bar should be. New owners have made this great little place even better. I met both of the owners in my two visits here this weekend. They are super nice, happy to talk to you, and seem to genuinely like their customers. Great mix of people of all ages here. The bar is open air so you can enjoy our beautiful weather & great people watching all while having your cocktails. It is a very laid back atmosphere so if you are looking for a club, do not stop your Hummer limo here.They had an amazing guy singing there Friday night, & I hear he'll be back on Tuesdays for a while. I have no clue what his name was, but this guy was talented. There is nothing worse than being stuck in a small bar with a horrible singer, so I was loving him.I will be biking up here often to booze it up, & enjoy some great music. Apparently a soup & sandwich shop is open next door now too, so if you get the munchies you can order there & bring it to the bar. Awesome.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,7/31/2010,375,90,10,12,10>Okay, so I'm an undercover fattie. I admit it. I'm ever so thankful to my parents for a kickass metabolism because dammit I love to eat and drink and drink some more....roll around in gelato occasionally; you know, the usual.I'm not much of a "sweets" eater but this place is in pretty regular rotation. My absolute favorite is the very simple combo of chocolate and peanut butter. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.The location is great. I do my grocery shopping at Safeway and then hit the G-Spot on the way out. They offer a ton of other desert options as well including tiramisu , lemoncello, the list goes on.Even just writing this makes me feel like I need to go for a run. Stay down fattie...stay down.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,7/30/2010,116,57,8,16,14>My, OH-My!This was my first visit to Posh and I can not wait to return. From the ambiance, service and cuisine this was a stellar experience.Nestled in a condominium complex, this wonderful 26 seat food bar gives front row viewing to the complex culinary skills of the kitchen staff. With additional table seating if that's your preference.We were greeted warmly and seated at the food bar. After completing the questionnaire regarding allergies and preferences, we ordered the five course plus the foie gras supplement and included the wine pairing. Each serving was presented to the two of us precisely at the same time then described in detail. The dining experience started with an amuse bush of persimmon salad. Then I was served a lovely salad that combined blood orange, avocado, chocolate, hazelnut and watercress into an amazing combination of flavors. Next was the perfectly cooked scallop with mustard, chanterelles, shallots and thyme. The third course was the foie gras that was a visually stunning presentation as well as being delectable. This was followed by confit of wild boar bacon, duck crackling with maple glaze on a butternut puree. A selection of cheeses was served as the fifth course that mingled creamy and savory flavors.  A clever twist of a snicker bar made of a chocolate pate with cognac caramel sauce was the finale.This was an extraordinary experience and I look forward to returning. Thanks to chef Josh Hebert and the entire staff at Posh!
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,7/29/2010,540,167,9,17,12>I hike this almost every day. Obviously, I love it. I take no breaks. Prisoners, maybe. Here's what you need to know:Parking can be tricky. If you're going at peak times (get it?), the lot at the trail head is usually full and there's typically a line. It's funny how I'll hike with vigor but I hate walking to the hike. Anyway, it's the second lot you come to and the first on the left. The hike gets harder the higher you get. There's really very little danger of "falling off the mountain."Plenty of spots to stop and rest. Bring water. Summer or winter, the rescues are almost always someone who is not acclimated to the heat and thinks they can hike for just a bit. Don't do it. Drink water before you go. The more the better. I strongly recommend hiking boots, or just be super careful on the way down. It's super easy to roll an ankle. You know when you get to the two metal hand bars YOU'RE ALMOST THERE! Good luck and god speed!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,7/28/2010,391,180,6,17,14>Loved it! Unique Ecuadorian/Peruvian/South American food with good flavors, excellent presentation and a good variety.The vegetarian plate comes with veggie flan doused with cheese sauce, grilled plantains, a mound of rice, lentils in a tasty sauce and a fried egg over easy, cooked oh so right.For those of you who aren't in the know, mash down the rice mound, salt it up, then throw the fried egg on top. Chop it up and feast! I love me some fried eggs & rice and they make the ingredients perfect here.If you're looking for some unique flavors & food combinations that are sure to impress, check this place out!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,7/27/2010,1070,742,9,14,17>9/22Came to try their Restaurant Week menu, and sat at one of the tables at the bar section of the restaurant.  I liked its subdued and quaint atmosphere; however, the smooth jazz music's volume was turned up significantly as the afternoon turned into dusk.  It's a good thing I enjoy smooth jazz.Chose the French onion soup starter, the Kona-crusted sirloin steak entree, and cheesecake w/ fresh berries sauce to finish.  I really enjoyed the onion soup- salty from the cheese, yet just enough sweetness from the caramelized onions.  I really liked how some areas of the cheese that blanketed the bowl were crispy!  I thought perhaps it was the bread that sometimes one would find below the cheese, but no, it was the cheese itself.  Wished the whole piece was crunchy...I absolutely adored the Kona-crusted sirloin.  Cooked to medium- perfect!- and I could taste the coffee, too, and not just feel the texture of coffee grains, as I've ordered similar entrees from other venues, but never tasted the intended effect.  The caramelized shallot cream sauce absolutely floored me!  One of the best sauces that has graced my lips :)  Mmm... The entree came with two standard sides (no substitutes allowed, or at least that was what I was told) of creamed spinach and smashed red potatoes.  Both were delightful- decadently rich and creamy.  Before I forget, the table bread basket (seeded dinner rolls and lavosh) was good, especially the seeded rolls.  You may also order toasted sourdough if you have food allergies to avoid.Stepping back down, but not much, from the piece de resistance (in this meal, the standout was the steak), was the creme brulee cheesecake w/ berry sauce w/ fresh berries!  Simply incredible!   While I had to return the more beautiful (more caramelized sugar crust) first offering, untouched, due to food issues, the second was less visually stunning, but tasted divine.  I should've asked for more sauce on the side, as I ended up taking some home.  (Believe me, it took all of my willpower to stop myself from inhaling the whole dish!)I would definitely love to go back again!
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2009,7/26/2010,391,272,27,21,18>So, you want to know what Old Town is like? Just don't judge, it's freakin' awesome.  Where else can you meander around charming art galleries (I recommend the Lisa Sette Gallery) and see a drunk man relieve himself behind dumpsters in the same night (I recommend parking your car in a private lot within walking distance of American Junkie, Drift and Dirty Pretty)? You can go from class to trash and back again.  To illustrate this further, let me give you a run down of a typical Scottsdale night.  Remember, I said no judging!There are a million places to start off the night with drinks and appetizers. I won't tell you where I go, because I don't want to see you there. After a good buzz develops and I've had something to eat, so I can pace myself for the evening ahead, I'll choose from a plethora of activities depending on the night. If it's Thursday, I might decide to just walk around since all the art galleries are open. On the weekends, I'll probably dance to a live band or laugh at people trying to work it on a stripper pole at Dirty Pretty. If I'm not in the mood to rub up against sweaty bodies, I'll embarrass myself at a karaoke bar. My favorite karaoke song happens to be I touch Myself, but only because it's easy to sing.  See, Scottsdale has variety.  Later in the night, I may work my way back to more relaxed hangouts where I can actually have a conversation. I will usually continue to drink, so I'm not saying the conversation is good. After I've worked up a drunk fueled craving for food, my friends and I head to Philly Sandwich Co. I've already yelped about how I love watching drunk people eat subs to loud urban music, but eating isn't the only way to cap off the night and I try to not give into drunk cravings too often. So what is a girl to do? How about a trip to Zorba's? You should ask for a tour. So that's Scottsdale. A little bit of culture and a lot of debauchery. Have fun. And, if debauchery isn't your thing, after perusing the art galleries you can always settle for the best milkshake of your life at the Sugar Bowl.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,6/30/2013,36,538,2,5,4>stopped by with the husband, and he ordered a hazelnut latte.... basically, my standard with which i judge all coffee shops. uhm. 5 stars. rich coffee taste, and none of that burnt acrid taste that many places tend to have with their espresso. definitely a fan of their lattes! It's unfortunate that their patio can get crowded with smokers who choke up the breathing space at their entrance.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,6/29/2013,134,181,5,7,2>If you are a) in a hurry or b) claustrophobic, just turn around. Turn around now and RUN. You will be sitting close enough to hear the wisdom of neighboring randoms in love with the sound of their own voice. (A favorite quote from the next table: "If you want to be CEO, you gotta get your MBA.")You will wait. A long time. A disproportionately long time. Your server is super friendly and kind, but harried and unapologetic, even when shrimp end up in your dinner uninvited. ("Oh, oops, good thing you're not allergic to shellfish.......... are you?")The wine and beer list? Meh. Abbreviated.The menu? Bruschetta, salads, light sandwiches: your typical wine bar fare.So why in the eff is the place so successful? Location, location, location. What would be average in Arcadia is novel and exciting in 85028. Really. There is nothing else like it in this part of the valley and for that it wins. Its patio is big, decor is cute, food is decent, and it is god damn chic and exciting if you are used to Applebee's. So why does 32 SHEA garner four generous stars? BECAUSE THE NUTELLA MARTINI IS PROOF THAT GOD EXISTS. Pure. Genius.
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,6/28/2013,239,156,7,12,10>Leo's does a really decent plate lunch. As for the people complaining about certain dishes, it's more a matter of expectation, rather than execution.My brother in law is from the big island Hawaii... pidgin and all (which I secretly love when he breaks in to, but will deny if he asks), so I have heard all the stories about plate lunches and the time he ate three in one setting, etc. He LOVES a plate lunch and he likes the ones here. I'm trusting that he knows of what he speaks.Yes the macaroni salad is bland. That is how they make it there. It is basically a ton of mayo, macaroni, a smidge of grated onion, and usually a hint of tuna. Basically you get additional flavoring from the grilled meat or add it with a little shoyu. If that doesn't sound like what you are "used" to getting, you probably aren't going to like it. But I have to say all that mayonnaise makes my heart sing.I personally love the BBQ chicken and the lemon pepper chicken. Mostly because they are on the healthier side. If you order the lemon pepper chicken with no rice or salad and extra cabbage, it's low-carb and low calorie, in addition to being really tasty.The chicken katsu is also very good. Crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. And my BIL likes the spam musubi. Well he likes any musubi actually. :)Service is fast. The eating area is clean. The meals are cheap. And I actually like that there is no "corporate office" to complain to. If you want to eat at a chain, go somewhere else. This is family owned and operated.I like Leo's. If you have a family, order the family dinner and pull up a chair, because you are going to be there a while. It's a lot of good food!
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,6/27/2013,67,168,2,7,5>Stopped here tonight and got an order of curry shrimp to go. The place looks like a dive but the food is really awesome. The sauce was really delicious and there was plenty of food for me to have all I could eat and share a bit with a friend. I will definitely be going back to try some more items!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,6/26/2013,86,213,4,8,4>I am always afraid to try out new Sushi restaurants, but thanks to a recommendation from a friend and some good Yelp reviews I decided to give Ah Hai a try. My son and I are the only ones in our family who like sushi so I persuaded him to come to lunch with me today since I had a Val-Pak coupon for 50% off a second lunch bento box. I really enjoyed the miso and salad that started off our meal. My only suggestion is maybe to order the dressing on the side since there was a pretty fair amount on there even though it was delicious. The bento lunch itself was pretty large and everything tasted very good and the California rolls tasted very fresh. In fact I can't wait to go back and try some of the rolls.They have a great happy hour as well and since this place is right around the corner from my house I am sure I will be back to give it a try.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,6/25/2013,245,277,5,10,7>We stopped in for a bit to eat and some sports watching the other night. My boyfriend had never been before and we are close to down town so it seemed a great idea. Pleased we were! First we got a bomb parking spot right out the front door and it wasn't too crowded so we got a nice table and served quickly. They have happyhour until 7pm, which I love! Most place stop at 6, which sucks since most people cant make it anywhere without driving light speed before 6pm after work. So 7pm cut off for HH is a great find! Pass it on!We ordered the boneless wings to start with half medium sauce and half of their special TD sauce, I recommend both! TD sauce is similar to Zipps Golden sauce if you know what that is like, but better. Then I got the chicken tacos, very good. Enjoyed them greatly! Exactly what I was looking for, hit the spot! Jon got some kinda spicy pasta, which when it hit the table looked amazing, however big prob, they put mushrooms in it, this isn't listed on the menu and Jon is allergic. They took care of it quickly though, remade his selection sans mushrooms and we found out it was as good as it looked. Very nice staff, clean inside, fast service, lots of TVs.... and great happyhour specials!
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,6/24/2013,188,280,,7,6>Grassroots is by far the best surprise I've ever had. IN LIFE! EVER! Sorry. That's a little dramatic. But I am SO glad I finally stumbled upon this place.I had some besties in town and we were looking to have a tasty night out to dinner after a vigorous day of hiking, college basketball and patio-hopping. I don't really know how or why I came to the decision of Grassroots, but BOY HOWDY (yep.) am I glad I did!I used to work right over in this area and put Grassroots on my mental "to-try" list when it opened. Time got away from me, and I really have no idea why we just now tried it out, given how close it is to home. Nothing could prepare me for how glorious it was. Walking in, we were transplanted into someone's hip, modern kitchen with lots of Americana art adorning the sleek space. We were promptly sat at a high-top for 4 and perused the menu. We all ordered a cocktail (or beer) to start with, and my Hendricks/cucumber concoction was cool and refreshing. Ordered:~Burrata app: Heaven. Creamy, dreamy burrata served alongside lightly dressed arugula and tomato jam. Served with lil grilled toasts. So perfect.~Seasonal vegetable chop for the table to share: Not sure why, but our order came with chicken on it? At a normal time I'm sure we would have sent back but we had already placed our dinner order and it was getting closer to the kitchen closing. No matter. Those who weren't eating meat just picked around. The plethora of veggies was outstanding! (Beets, grapes, bnut squash, corn, edamame, cucumber, herbs, cherry tomatoes, feta, I'm sure I'm leaving something out.)My choice as my main was the grilled portobello sandwich, no mayo, add avocado. The combo of smokey porto, creamy avo and sharp, melty white cheddar was outstanding! The soft and warm sea salt foccacia was insanity. Paired with a side of fatty grilled asparagus spears, this meal was amazing. I also loved how they cut the sammie into tiny squares...easier to handle and inhale.Friends ordered the sashimi ahi salad (was told the ahi was PERFECT and it actually went better with the champagne vin that came out with the chop salad rather than the miso vin), the vegetable platter (the sauteed cabbage with goat cheese was TO DIE) and my boyfriend said his burger was one of the most perfect orders ever.With the meal, we ordered a bottle of the Rockus Bockus, which is a mix of Cab Franc and Zinfandel and was SO, SO perfect. Juicy, man. It's a new favorite.Service was great, even though we stayed a little past closing. Whoops. (PLEASE SCOTTSDALE, HAVE SOME NICE PLACES LIKE THIS THAT STAY LATER THAN 10:00 ON THE WEEKENDS, PLEASE!) There were several groups still lingering over drinks while we left, which I don't blame them for. What a great place to hang out and enjoy delicious bites. We will be back!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,6/23/2013,446,745,6,4,5>two perfectly breaded and fried drumsticks, a vanilla waffle covered in maple syrup, the creamiest mac and cheese ever, fried okra, and a huge hunk of corn bread. yes, my extremely large ass ate all of that and i don't regret it for a second. this place is fantastic! the menu is full of all the favorites that my grandmother used to make me as a kid such as red beans, rice and gravy, cheese grits, fried okra, and any part of the chicken you want fried. you really can't go wrong. this place has something for everyone unless you're on some type of ungodly diet that doesn't allow you to have an epic cheat day.this location is decently sized but can fill up in a heartbeat. be prepared to wait about 30 - 45 minutes for a table. it might be a little long but its totally worth it. i also recommend trying out the many flavors of kool aid or the lemonade. delicious. for me, lolo's is a once a year type of thing because honestly, i couldn't imagine eating this on the regular and still fitting into pants that dont have an elastic waist band.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,6/22/2013,202,240,6,7,7>If I could give a 6th star, I would.  7, even.  Binkley's can have all the stars.I went with a group of 4 to celebrate my boyfriend's mother's birthday.  In fact, there was a "happy birthday" message inside the menu!  Nice touch.  I had to look twice at the prices; this is definitely a special occasion type of restaurant.  We each chose the 4-course tasting menu.  I can't even imagine getting the 5 or 6 course options!  We hadn't even ordered yet when we got our first "amuse-bouche" of little chips made from interesting things, like kale or salmon skin.  I think we had a total of 10 little dishes before the first course we actually ordered arrived.  That was quickly followed by palette cleansers of flash-frozen melon and a mango bomb.  After the second appetizer and entree, we had another palette cleanser (pineapple juice and fruit on a strobe-light base) and dessert.  Then another palette cleanser.The food was incredible.  Everything is so creative, with ingredients I'd never think to combine if it were up to me.  There was more flavor in the mini-sloppy joe that was about the size of a quarter, than I can get in a full sized one.  How do they get potatoes hollow and full of air?  How is there chorizo inside a scallop?  Why does the duck liver taste like chocolate? Who put the bop in the bop shoo bop shoo bop?  I ate things I never thought I would, like duck liver and ham mousse, but I have no regrets.  Every bite was awesome.  If someone made me choose a favorite, I would probably flounder for a while naming off every dish, but eventually land on the Buffalo Carpaccio.  Wow.The presentation was an integral part of the experience.  I think we commented on every dish and serving platter... you won't find these at Bed Bath and Beyond.  It's like each dish was created specifically for the food it would have the honor of carrying.  One "little treat" was served inside a test-tube full of smoke.  One dessert had to be chiseled open at the table.  The mango bomb looked like an egg in a spoon.  You just don't find these things anywhere else.  The servers knew so much about the menu, explained as much as we wanted, and were so friendly.  We had more people helping us than there were of us.  The customer service is impeccable.  The whole evening took about 3 hours, and we all left feeling happy, stuffed, and sleepy.  I will definitely go back, next time there is an occasion special enough to warrant Binkley's!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/21/2013,48,41,7,21,14>I just can't.I can't write about the amazing po' boys. The glorious boudin. The succulent fried green tomatoes. I especially can't write about the to-die-for peach cobbler a la mode.I can't write about it because I can't eat it anymore. I'm a little verklempt, please give me a moment...Ahem. Okay, that's better.Try the gumbo if you want to live dangerously, it's spicy! And the crawfish boil is one of the tastiest things I've ever eaten, if also one of the messiest.Go and eat all of the things. When you do, please have a shrimp po' boy for me.I'll just be over here, hoping for a miracle drug that allows me to ingest gluten. If that dream ever becomes a reality, Flavors of Louisiana will definitely be my first stop.UPDATE: I received the following message from the owner:Hi Beth, Man do i have good news for you. We have a lot of Gluten free items on our menu!!! Yes i was a nurse for 25 years before opening my restaurant and Celiac disease was just becoming a known thing. So we can blacken any of our meats for you with our gluten free blackening seasoning. Also we fry in a mixture of corn meal and corn flour so no wheat flour goes in it. Just ask for your fried foods to be done in the cornmeal mixture instead of the flour. We have french fries, cajun chips, potato salad, cole slaw, dirty rice and red beans are all gluten free. Also if you come on Monday we have our Jambalaya and that is gluten free as well. So come on back and let us feed you some good and i mean real good gluten free food!!Jennifer Goffowner
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/18/2008,6/18/2008,92,86,9,13,9>I am immediately suspicious of coffee shops with coffee-related puns in their names. It's almost uniformly a sign of someone who doesn't know shit about coffee and subscribes to the "country kitchen" school of decorating.But Romancing the Bean is on the ground floor of my office building, so let's face facts: There's no avoiding it. I go there almost every day. On coffee alone, the Bean gets 1 star. It's just not good. Unflavored coffees taste burnt and bitter, while the flavored coffees have names like "snickerdoodle" and do, in fact, taste just as sweet as a cookie. Espresso drinks have too many problems to name, the chief of which is that the espresso has the same burnt-and-bitter flavor as the house coffee. And don't get me started on their frothing abilities. But I digress. There's more to the Bean than the coffee, despite what the name implies. Muffins, cookies, croissants, cakes and other treats are all homemade and absolutely delicious -- I recommend the chocolate chip cookies or any of the berry muffins. At lunchtime, the Bean has sit-down table service and a variety of sandwiches, salads, soups and these stuffed croissant things my friend insists on calling Hot Pockets. It's all homemade, including the bread. Eat here a few thousand times like I have and the menu gets a bit dull, but the ingredients are quality and the staff and owners are great.Just stick with water.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2008,6/17/2008,7,6,6,10,8>On my little trip around the city I drove over to Sweet Pea. Very cute store and great personable staff.Nice selection to baked goods and great taste.What nice find in the downtown area. I've got Wicked Bakery up north and Sweet Pea downtown... North and South is covered for those sudden cravings... now time to find something on the on West and East sides of the city.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/16/2008,0,0,5,8,8>I had lunch at Maria Maria last Friday and it was fantastic. Our server brought out the chips and salsa which were fantastic. The main salsa is very fresh with a vibrant flavor, the salsa verde is perfectly spicy, and the chipotle was fantastic - although I wish they had given us more chipotle (It comes in a teeny ramekin). We ordered the guacamole which was fresh and yummy and margaritas all around. I don't order margaritas often because most establishments make them too sweet for me - I think it is a sign that the don't make them fresh - but the margs here were great! There were four of us and we ordered:Chicken Quesadilla - well liked by the ordererShrimp Tacos (my order) - fantastic! A little too much food after all of the chips and salsaPork Carnitas - Absolutely amazing. Super tender and more than enough to share! Comes with tortillas.ummm, can't remember what he last person ordered. Each table also get a family style mixture of beans and rice which was super tasty as well! Someone else said they didn't think there was enough salt but I'm a salt addict and loved them!Anyway, when we first got there we were kind of surprised at how expensive it was, especially for lunch (no separate lunch menu) but it turned out to be worth every penny. Next time I go, I will definitely share with someone!I sat outside but they have the longest bar I've ever seen! It must seat 40 people (just an observation).Oh, and ask for Clint as your waiter. He's the friendliest guy ever!
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,6/15/2008,26,116,11,8,12>Bevmo? What's it stand for? My date and I were trying to figure this out. Is it some acronym, or truncated words combined together? It's a mystery. I think Bevmo stands stands for " Mo' Better Beverages for you MoFos" Either way they could call this place Shaft Shingles of Moist Carcinogens (4 of my least favorite words in the English language)  and I'd still go running in this store like some Overweight Middle American running into Best Buy on Black Friday. I always think about those idiots, running like mad to save 10% off on Plasma TV, fighting their way, using their cart as a shield. I never could relate until I walked into BevMo. We had 15 minutes, and with 2 Aquarius people, 15 minutes in a new place is no where near enough time. Once I determined the wine I needed to get, (confirming with my wine source, know as "Deep Cork",on my cell ) I made my way to the beer section. This is where I felt the hand of God, slowly easing me down the beer aisle. I heard over the loud speaker "you have 15 minutes to make your purchases" I thought yelling "Hey, I am having a religious moment here!" Seeing the range of beers from all my favorite Rogue brews, to Black Flag, to Czar, I was amazed by the selection. I turned a corner and found myself in the "Mainstream Beer" section. Once I got to the Miller Chill and Bud Light section, I swallowed the vomit that had come up in my throat (due the shite beer presentations) and proceeded to pull myself and my date reluctantly to pay. I would have spent at least an hour in here, exploring the variety of everything. I made an observation on our way out that being a beer connoisseur  is much easier than a wine connoisseur. I mean, the flavors and variety, and range of beer is much easier to distinguish than wine. I still like wine, (don't panic) but I am learning to appreciate beer in many ways. Hmm I think I'd take a great beer of over a great glass of wine in most situations.....
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,6/14/2008,22,22,4,6,4>If this isn't love than I don't know what is! I headed off for a Cubs game on my spring break, thanking the lucky starts I had entered the field of education, complete with bottom of the barrel salaries and a lifetime of spring breaks!I had briefly looked up a few stadiums around town after listening to others go on and on about how great this 'spring training' in Phoenix gig is.  We decided on Hohokam mainly for the team (my boyfriend is a Cubs fan), and secondly for the stadium, supposedly complete with Chicago style dogs and old style brew.  When we arrived I noticed herds of people happily walking from far away parking lots for the sold-out game.  Sold out! On a Thursday for spring training! Yes it's true but luckily we scored 3 lawn seats (just what I was looking for a grassy spot in the sun), for just over double the $6 face value.  After beering up and finding our perfect spot I proceeded to watch not a second of baseball.  However, I did use the innings as a measure of when I should get another beer, or checkout the Italian sausage sandwich, and yes I have been craving it everyday since!Spring training is a blast I HIGHLY recommend it for all!
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,6/13/2008,332,486,10,17,15>STUFFED IN A KALAMATA OLIVE:I found my new Happy Hour destination (from 4 to 7 p.m.). Not only that, I found a new place to go post-HH for the best beer selections I've seen at any local (Tempe) bar. Even better, the food and prices here rock! ONE WOMAN'S STORY OF NEW-FOUND LOVE:Euphoria Bistro is deceiving. You see the patio umbrellas from the street. Upon approach, you see a chalkboard marquee boasting the daily specials. And if you didn't already know, this place also offers hookah. Right on. But there's nothing on the outside that screams, "Try me! I'm fantastic!"The decor is nothing whatsoever to write home about. But, they try with simple tables and a black/green color scheme. The bar is the main focus of this place, with seating on 3 sides. My friend and I chose to sit at the bar, where we could watch the Celtics play. There was a small TV behind the bar, as well as one mounted on the South wall of the establishment. Note to Self: New spot to catch some sports. Also on the wall is art and all 12 zodiac symbols, which my friend and I challenged ourselves to label correctly. Praise Allah for a phone with Google search!There came a time when I about FELL OFF MY STOOL!!! No, it wasn't due to being clumsy. It was the sweet nectar of news I never, ever expected to hear: a simple "yes" to my wide-eyed question, "Is that Rogue Dead Guy Ale on tap?" HOLY MOTHER F*CKER! I'll take one of those, pronto! My mouth was watering from anticipation. God, I love Rogue beer. And it's here? On tap? For cheap? OMG, I'm in love...What's more, Euphoria offers a seasonal tap. From 2 Below from New Belgium to White Ale from Sam Adams, the rotating seasonal tap is great. My friend was able to try the White Ale, which is one of my faves from Sam Adams. She was instantly head-over-heels. I asked the Bartender how long they kept the seasonal around. "About 3 or 4 months," she replied. Good to know!As for the Bartender, she's great. Very friendly, funny, quick with service, attentive... Everything you could want. She recommended a couple appetizers for us, since during Happy Hour, all apps are 1/2 price! HOLY HUMMUS PLATTER! Our order:1 Hummus Platter - served with plenty of warm pita slices1 Halloumi Platter - grilled hallomuni served on tomatoes w/ basil 1 Greek Pita Pizza - 4 ample slices just oozing with heavenly cheeseWe each had 2 beers at $3 each. (When it's not happy hour, the tap beers only cost $4!)Our total came to $24. Incredible. You could EASILY come here for Happy Hour, split a pita pizza or app, have a couple beers and walk away only spending $15. I love it! LOVE LOVE LOVE it! It's one thing if the food is okay, but the food at Euphoria is DELICIOUS. Plus, c'mon, the beer selection? Wowza. (I can't speak for their cocktail prices or quality, but they did offer their own lists of special mixes, including their own signature Eurphoric Martini.) LET'S GET THIS STRAIGHT:*******Rogue Dead Guy Ale ON TAP*******Seasonal beer on tap (rotates)*******Amazing prices, Happy Hour or otherwise*******Hookah available*******Live music nightlyPLUS: If you're looking for your staple tap beers, like Blue Moon, Guinness, Ace Cider, Stella, Newcastle, Sierra Nevada Pale Ale, Sierra Nevada Summer Ale, etc. you'll find them here on tap.ALSO: They serve Absinthe. Just don't expect the mind-altering variety, for it's still illegal here. But, as the bartender announced, it's a novelty they serve and one of their most popular items. So, why not 5 stars? The atmosphere and decor. If this place had just a twinge of Furio's fashionable lounge area, I'd be hanging here all the freakin' time. To read more and see who'll be serving ya behind the bar, click here: media.www.ecollegetimes.…
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,6/12/2008,454,555,12,17,15>Simply amazing and completely fitting for a 500th review.  I don't know that a more lengthy first sentence can do it any better. I'll spare you from the I went to Spain bullcrap, but I do know good Spanish dining on several different levels and Sol y Sombra overdelivers like a good night in the sack, and to help others this is completely worth the 30 mile drive north for Central Phoenix dwellers. If you walk away from this review with two tidbits, just know that the Tortilla Espanola (while basic-sounding and all) is the best $5 you will spend on a dinner. EVER.  With its huge impressive wedge appearance, it is more deliciously prepared and more filling than expected.  Also know that the wine list is lengthy and very comprehensive, but in an excellent way.  While I love Lola Tapas in Central Phoenix for its urban and sophisticated simplicity, this is one area in which it can't compete.While the evening was more delightful because of our mailing-list 50-percent-off skillz, it should be even more noteworthy that such a thing is possible if you get off your duffs and give a brotha your email. Among other highlights would be the Pollo Colonial (a savory mix of sweet and spicy chicken curry), Grilled Calamari, Spicy Garlic Aioli Grilled Prawns, Grilled Asparagus.  But the most surprising of the night were the grilled brussel sprouts.  WTF?  I don't even like that shit.  But they grilled them with garlic, olive oil and seasoning, and if you do it that way it is ten times better than any veggie a teen would hate.  The Patatas Brava were just ok.  I still ate them, but they were a little more crispy than I care for.The setting was impressive.  The dining room is grand, stylish and luxe in its understated way -- so symbolic of Madrid.  The layout and colors are complementary, trendy and tasteful all at once.  The patio is incredible if you can swing it.  There is not a bad seat in the house as the views from the second floor at DC Ranch are all great.The host was accommodating given we were 10 minutes late (and called ahead) and the servers and sommelier were definitely helpful and steered us toward the right white wine we wanted for taste and value without trying to do the whole upselling crap.  The wine was excellent and was so fragrant and inviting that Melissa's purse had to have a taste.Sol y Sombra is a definite five star destination restaurant that is worth it if you're coming from Central Phoenix, West Valley or SE Valley.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2008,6/11/2008,70,16,8,10,10>I LOVE SHADY'S!!!  That's three exclamation points and five stars.  I love the jukebox.  I love team Justin.  I love Julie and Katie.  I love Erin and her love for Asta.  I love the regulars and the not-so regulars.. (except for that one guy.) I love "the drink to forget".  I love watching Evil Dead, Evil Dead II, and The Army Of Darkness then I Am Legend all in one day with a yummy cocktail in my hand.  I love how JMV can be grouchy one minute and hysterical the next.  I love the color of Detroit's eyes. Aaah Shady's... I love how it makes you feel like you are a part of a community.  I haven't felt that in a long long time.  Thank you Shady's.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,6/10/2008,300,261,21,15,15>Holy Mary Mother Of God!!!! I brought home a 6 pack and waited anxiously all day to enjoy the goods with my hubby.I got a Carrot, Red Velvet, Vanilla Milk Chocolate, Coconut, Cinnamon Sugar and a Lemon.(see pics)~True Story............We started slowly ,seducing the cupcakes out of their wrappers one by one, Bite after bite made us squeal with delight, each one more orgasmic than the last, until a big crumb of frosting and cake fell between my breasts, my husband had no choice but to dive into my cleavage to retrieve the luscious morsel.It was all I could do to keep my clothes on, I wanted to roll around in the crumbs and continue with the cupcake orgy........SERIOUSLY~They were that Fuckin' Good!
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2008,6/9/2008,106,146,6,5,8>OH. MY. GOD.So good. So delicious. So cute. So delicious. So good. So cute. So too far away for me to go to often, but it would be worth it.We had the jerk pork sandwich (amazing), as well as the turkey and avocado wrap and the veggie wrap. Everything was spectacular and so fresh, not to mention filling - my mother and I couldn't finish our sandwiches. Oh - and the sweet potato chips. YUM.Try it!!!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,12/11/2008,178,53,6,8,10>I love this place for breakfast. With just a few menu choices, it's tough to go wrong. My personal fave, the Switch Benedict is a tasty combo of potatoes and eggs benedict is a scrumptious white hollandaise sauce. It may not be good for you, but it's great for your tastebuds.Sadly, I've never seen this place busy, but seeing as how I've only been there on weekends, I'm not too surprised. I expect the light rail to help out a bit with this, as it really is a great place.If you like Fez or Ticoz, be sure to hit Switch up.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2008,12/10/2008,362,221,19,21,20>I feel cooler just hanging out here! Gorgeous and amazing look to this place! There is an exquisite, gigantic mirror in there that I discussed stealing with my fellow Yelpers who were there with me.We went there after wondering around Sunnyslope's Second Saturday, which was a bit of a letdown. Bomberos was just what the doctor ordered!The patio was full, but there was available seating inside. The hostess actually told us we could pick the table we wanted! We picked the giant round table next to where they kept all the wine. This made for a fun time for our group of 5 Yelpers. I won't name names, but the super hot bartender kept coming over to get bottles of wine, and we amused ourselves by discussing him....sometimes including him in the discussion. He was a good sport about our harassment, and he was the best eye candy I've seen in a long time.  mmmmmmmI cannot remember the names of the 2 wines I had, but I had both a white and a red, and they were both great. I also ordered the bruschetta. You get to choose three different kinds when you order it.  I got the Warm Brie & Prosciutto with Dried Figs, Salami & Manchego with Pesto, and Warm Brie with Apples. By far my favorite was Warm Brie & Prosciutto with Dried Figs. I wanted to eat it every day and roll around in it! yummmmMy only complaint was the bread used for the bruschetta was problematic. I like to be able to not look like a total spaz when I am eating, especially in public. The bruschetta had a crust that was impossible to chew. The bread in the middle was fine, but the outside made it hard to eat, and it flaked all over the place. I just could not eat this without peeling of the crust part and making a big mess.In conclusion, I love Bomberos and I cannot wait to go back and try more things, I just ask that they please get rid of the tough bruschetta bread please! I need to look cool in front of your hot bartender. ;)
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,12/9/2008,13,18,5,10,9>Stumbled on this place on Wednesday, July 3, after a visit to the Phoenix Art Museum.  We were traveling up Central looking for a place to cool off and have a cold drink, when my wife Marie noticed the sign for Lenny's on the nondescript strip mall.  She had noticed "Shakes" on the window, so we pulled in to check it out.Not a big place, but decorated like a diner from the 1950's but smaller.  Lenny's was busy.  People in line, people sitting enjoying their food. We got in line and quickly moved up to the counter.  Marie ordered a 32 oz. mint cookie shake and I ordered a 32 oz. vanilla shake and an order of french fry for both of us.  The total for the order was $11.00. We waited about 3 minutes and our fries were ready.  Picking that up at the counter, I see they are making our huge shakes.  Another 2 minutes and our shakes were ready.  Both of us found the flavors very enjoyable and the ice cream treat was cold and refreshing.  The fries were tasty and we snacked on them as we sipped our way into a sugar coma.We were able to watch the burgers being made as we sat at our small booth and both commented on how good they looked.  Next time I'm in central Phoenix I will check out the taste of the burgers.
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2008,12/8/2008,171,163,18,19,16>Once upon a time... when Cher was still Cheryl... I sat in my auntie's old El Camino happily eating my strawberry shortcake when my auntie stopped at a red light on the corner of 20th street & Van Buren when out of no WHERE a crack head with a gun tried to car jack us. My auntie yelled and threw an half empty bottle of tequila out the window as she sped threw the intersection. This was more than 10 years ago and things haven't improved much since that day in this neighborhood.When I read about Baiz Market it was from my fellow yelper Jim W. who ranted and raved and even encouraged me to check it out. The other night not having much to do, my friend Ree & I decided to go to Baiz Market which is just north of the intersection where my auntie & I almost got car jacked and check it out. We both have love for middle eastern food and know how to take on scary neighborhoods. When we walked up to the counter of the deli inside the quaint grocery store we were excited and a little scared of what to order. The cashier was SO patient and VERY nice about explaining everything to us! I really must give her props on that. There was a cab driver who was very helpful in explaining the different dishes and even recommended a few items. I listened to Tarek S. and chose the beef Shawerma it was delishous! My friend chose the chicken toolawoosh (is that spelled right?) sandwich which was very good with it's bell pepper, pickles and tomato fixins. We also chose to sample the small spinach pies which weren't that good btw and cheese pie which I could make at home with pizza crust & some cheese and the yummy yummy hummus that came with some pita bread. We also got a bottle of water and a can of imported orange soda. ALL this for only $27! Can you believe that?! The dining area was nice and quiet with mellow middle eastern music on in the background. Everyone kept to themselves and was nice to us even though we backed up the line. After our meal we wandered around the candy aisle in the grocery store and found lil heart shaped boxes of chocolates which - ummm wasn't that great! lol. We wanted to spend a heck of a lot more time going threw every aisle but unfortunatly they were closing so we had to leave. We will DEFINATLY be back! And prolly with a few more in tow. And no, no one tried to car jack us on our way out... but we did see a tranny hooker get questioned by the cops. Maybe if she went to Baiz Market for some baklava instead of walking the streets she wouldn't be in that situation! I'm just saying. To my yelpers, I say go! and when you go, order the beef shawerma and avoid the spinach pies! Oh and get there before 4pm so you can have time to really enjoy your meal without the rush!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2008,12/7/2008,18,28,5,6,8>I have been to 56 East Bar and Kitchen a handful of times and always have a very nice time.  Corey, the bartender, is very attentive to everyone.  He made great suggestions on menu selections.  Honestly, I never would have ordered what I did but he explained what the item was and I tried it.  It was a pizza with egg on top.   Sounds awful, I know,  BUT it was awesome.    We all loved the  food.   We could actually talk to each other and carry on a conversation.   So many places are too noisy.    I really like 56 when they can open the window behind the bar.   My only suggestion might be to find a way to have some plants behind the patio to block the view of the parking lot.This is a real review of a place I have actually been to!
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,12/6/2008,37,15,4,4,3>Stopped in with some friends after a hike around South Mountain. We came in for a nice breakfast/lunch on a Sunday, around noon.I ordered the Chilaquiles based on Mary Rose Wilcox's suggestion (I love chilaquiles and have had too many experiences with lackluster versions to not ask). My co-eaters ordered a plate of flautas, chiles rellenos, huevos rancheros, and a bean and cheese burrito.The food came out fast (the restaurant was nearly empty) and it was excellent! The flour tortilla was thick and light and delicious. The chilaquiles were a little different from what I expected, but they were still quite delicious. The beans were excellent (Mexican restaurants must have fabulous beans, it's the litmus test).The whole experience was lovely. In fact, the only minus I have of the whole experience was a series of typos on the menu. But hey, the food was delicious!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2008,12/5/2008,708,1493,20,15,14>Well Amy B's FTR pretty much covered all the bases.  Ditto on pretty much the whole thing including the chatty employees.  I had a nice iced green tea and no problems using the wifi.  Where to go with my review now?The bathroom at Into the Bean is a unisex bathroom.  It was very clean.  The soap was not overly fragranced as some bathroom soaps are.  It also did not have one of those industrial fragrance dispensers.  I hate those.  I always seem to be in the bathroom when those effing things crank out their metered doses of toxic fumes.  The wall with the sink and toilet had an interesting finish.  It had a very dark grey to black wash and over this colorful squares had been stamped in a pattern.  The squares were in bright colors and the paints used for the stampings were metallic looking.  It was interesting.  OK, I think that pretty much covers it.  The next Yelper to review this place might want to check out the dumpster out back.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,12/4/2008,391,272,21,12,14>This is a great place to take your date when you're cheating on your boyfriend/girlfriend/husband/wife!  Or so I found out through the conversations of the diners around me.  Every time I went in, lunch or dinner, I witnessed a rendezvous.  It makes sense, remember that Chinese food restaurant in that Sex and the City episode where Carry figures out this is where you bring dates when you don't want to be seen with them.  Well, Yelpers, you have found that spot! I swear, I've never been so entertained before by one restaurant in my entire life.  Besides the rampant infidelity of the patrons, I think I also witnessed an affair between a piano signer and a waiter.  What really drew us in for those few short months, was a Sinatra singer named Wiley.  His singing was good, but his personality was way more entertaining.  In fact, no offense Wiley, but he may have been slightly crazy... okay, a lot crazy.  I won't get into the details, but he told us that he came to our planet when he was 8.  Unfortunately, I haven't been back since Wiley's disappearance.  Come back Wiley!Now for the food, the least entertaining part of the evening, but the tastiest.  I actually liked it.  Now, I've only tried one dish and since that dish was so good, I just kept reordering it.  I know, I'm so boring.  It was the Chicken Parmigiana and I thought it was fabulous, even though I'm not really a Chicken Parmigiana kind of girl.  In closing, I should warn you that this place is mostly empty every time I've gone, so if you want a spot to take your ugly date or your other woman, you better visit this place stat!  And call ahead to see if there is anyone performing... maybe you'll be lucky enough to get Wiley and hear one of his stories.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2008,12/2/2008,121,311,12,16,12>I ended up at Cheuvront this past Monday evening to celebrate my weeknight that seemed like a weekend evening because of Veteran's Day.  I was impressed with the look of the place, and noted to myself that it did seem pretty quiet for a Monday night- of course this thought would come back and haunt me.Our server was knowledgeable and friendly.  We ordered up one of the Shiraz's that they have on the list and I got the vegetarian lasagna and Dottsy decided on a pizza.  I was stuck on deciding between a pizza and the lasagna, but the server informed me that the noodles were made on-site and it seemed like the obvious choice.  Soon after we ordered, we realized that the table next to us (one of two other tables with people at them) had been drinking quite heavily and one of the girls was absolutely out of control.  She was screaming about South Africa and the apartheid.  Not exactly your light drunken conversation, and although we were sort of intrigued, it ended up being such a problem that Dottsy had to go over and ask them to quiet down.  We were a bit perplexed as to why they continued to be served alcohol and why the manager hadn't already asked them to quiet down.  It was ridiculous- we were totally incapable of having a conversation. The wine and the food was great.  The lasagna was unique and the perfect amount of food.  I think that Cheuvront is a really adorable spot- conveniently located right on the Light Rail line.  I surveyed the waiter about our obnoxious co-patrons and he assured me that patrons are not typically that obnoxious.  They also play Bond movies on a continuous loop, if you are into that kind of thing.  Cheuvront, I'll be back, but I may survey who you seat me next to before I commit to a table, again.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,12/1/2008,202,13,15,16,12>So a couple of months ago my co-worker and I were on a dangerous mission to find the one great burger in town. After months of search and going into some of the seediest joints in town, we arrived at Welcome Diner, I was a bit skeptical that this place could produce a burger  that my co-worker and I were so desperately seeking, but oh how rad being wrong is, they knocked the shit out of my taste buds with there burger, I got a double with cheese with a fried egg on top (old school son), I literally finished the burger before my co-worker got his (which was like 5 seconds later) , a true delight. If you go bring cash money thats all they take, also its a small joint so don't go brining like 40 of your office buddies you'll look like a tool.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/20/2013,827,495,8,19,10>When you get tired of DJ's and electronic music and you're ready for some authentic music made by actual musicians, this is the place for you.The minute you walk in you realize that this isn't some honky tonk dive, this is a very dark, classy place, with a large bar and plenty of seating. The stage is well appointed and there's even an area next to the stage that looks to be a VIP lounge.This is the type of place that you would normally find in NYC, LA or Nashville, so its a great addition to Scottsdale. It reminds me of the type of place where you might have found Johnny Cash, Frank Sinatra, or George Jones taking the stage back in the day. In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if this becomes the place where national musicians go to play a few unannounced sets when they are in town.Gotta say, in just one visit The Western has become my favorite new place in town.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,5/19/2013,341,239,8,12,8>The service is impeccable here. I still love coming here for special occasions because the night is so relaxing and I know the food will be executed flawlessly. That's why I was excited to start the new year's day 2013 with my family. I stepped out of my routine of ordering a Malbec or temperanillo with my meal, and ventured to ordering an Old Fashioned. They do it well here! I'm almost thinking about making the picture I took of it my phone wallpaper because I always want to remember it! My family ordered oysters to start as always. One of the oysters I chomped into contained a special surprise... A pearl! Don't worry, I didn't break a tooth or anything, but it definitely surprised me when I was chewing and thought, "Wow, this is a huge piece of grit in my oyster," and was shocked to find a small pearl! I guess that doesn't always happen, but I will look for another when I eat oysters so I can make earrings or something!My twin beef tournedos (mini twin filets) was just as amazing as always paired with the Bernaise sauce. I actually split it this time with my friend so we could try their special for the night... A chilean sea bass sitting on lobster cakes topped with an Asian glaze type sauce. Usually I love sushi, so cooked fish seldom impresses me, but this sea bass was incredible, especialyl mixed with lobster cakes. Who wants crab cakes, when you can have awesome lobster cakes, right??
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,5/18/2013,281,41,20,27,20>I am flabbergasted. Flummoxed. Freaking the fug out. WHY IS THIS PLACE NOT BEING TALKED ABOUT ON YELP!?!?!?I'm sorry, I just had to get that out of my system. But seriously, how is it POSSIBLE that only one review exists for Fantasy Costume Rentals and that it dates back to 2009??? This is a spectacular business!First off, let me tell you a funny little story about my discovery of this gem. My birthday was a couple of weeks ago, and I was planning a little shindig for myself. In true Heather fashion (I tend to go a little over the top with everything I do) I chose to have a theme, the "Roaring 20's" as I was turning 29 (OMG I'm effing THIRTY next year?! When the hell did that happen??) I digress. I was looking for a costume and was unhappy with my choices at the "other" costume shop that shall not be named that seems to hold a monopoly on costume rentals in the valley. It was about midnight on a Sunday. I did a google search for costume rentals and Fantasy Costumes came up. I of course go straight to the reviews, and when I saw the only one written was in 2009, I was convinced they were no longer open. How would a costume fanatic like myself not know of this place? I decided to call the business number (keep in mind the time of night) to see if it was a disconnected number or if I reached a message listing hours. A man answers. Completely astounded to hear a live voice on the other end of the line, I stammered,"Um, is this Fantasy Costumes??" "Yes, it sure is.""OMG, I'm SOOOO sorry for calling so late. I didn't think anyone would answer!""It's ok, I have calls forwarded to my cell in case of emergencies." "So, uh, when are you open?""Tues-Sun 10am-6pm""Cool, thanks. Well, I'll be seeing you in person soon! Goodnight!"Located on University off of McKemy (near Hardy), this is a small unassuming shop that you really have to know about to notice. In the front of the shop are two large catalogs with pictures of the costumes in order of category, with a list of sizes each costume is available in. This makes it so easy to shop for something. I pointed at a couple of costumes and asked the owner about them. One he replied "That one's really cheesy. I don't think you'll like it, but this one (he points) is really nice." and then proceeds to bring out some options for me to try on.For $45, I rented a super cute silver flapper dress (see pics), which came with a feather headpiece, long pearl necklace, boa, and free fishnet stockings!. The "other" costume shop wanted $50 for a similar dress and that did not include the boa ($10 extra), necklace, or stockings. Just the dress and headband. My boyfriend also rented a super cool gangster costume, which the owner was sure to adjust the length of the pants for him before we picked up the costumes. Again, it came with everything. Hat, shirt, tie, gloves, shoe covers, and he even pinned a red carnation on the jacket! Last minute, Jared realized the suspenders weren't with the costume and he called the owner (on Sunday, the day he is closed) and the owner told him to come by right away and he would get the suspenders to him. A couple of things to note. You can only pay with CASH or CHECK and a deposit (2x the cost of the rental) is required. But I will tell you, it is SO worth it. This guy is so organized, really cares for his costumes, and is not about nickel and diming. He provides a quality product for a reasonable price. I will be using Fantasy Costumes for my costume needs from this point on! Love love love!
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/17/2013,295,473,15,10,8>Bruce Banner has to fight to keep the Hulk contained. I fight the same battle with Vanilla Heat. Born in Jamaica's Hedonism 3 resort I regularly feasted on jerk chicken, rice, and plantains. While I have managed well over the past couple of years to keep VH under control, I did have a hankering for Caribbean food this weekend and found A Taste of the Caribbean at Baseline & Mill. I could feel Vanilla Heat fighting to get out.From my table I could hear the sizzle from the chicken as it cooked and I began looking forward to its arrival. While waiting I looked at my mobile app and saw several Yelp reviews and the only negative thing I really saw was the level of spice. I am not sure if the owners made a change, but the jerk chicken was spicy on my visit. The chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender and had an excellent flavor. It came with a side of red beans & rice, cabbage, and 3 plantains. The owner told me if I needed more rice, cabbage, or plantains to ask him.The restaurant is small and colorful with very pleasant decorations, and Pandora played nice reggae rhythms. This restaurant took me back to my trip to Jamaica and provided the best jerk chicken I have had since. Thankfully it didn't take me all the way back, else I would have ran naked through the parking lot yelling SHABBA! But any time I need a jerk chicken fix this will be the spot!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/16/2013,61,112,7,5,7>Matt's has become what some may say is an addiction of mine. I prefer "hobby". But Matt's did make it into our wedding vows. (True story.) You see, since I first tasted the glory of the Five Spot, I've basically made it a point to get one on every available weekend day. So my wife thought it wise to pledge support publicly in front of friends and family for my perhaps less-than-healthy "hobby".The wife works a lot of weekends, and I've found out that the Five Spot can travel the 10 minutes or so to my home largely intact. A perfectly balanced combination of spot-on eggs, melted cheese, grilled onions, and THE best bacon possible makes this the absolute best egg sandwich I've ever had. Every ingredient is so delightfully high quality that the sandwich shines, bursting forth with flavor and cholesterol and existential angst. (Or, as some might call it, "maple syrup that I dip it in".) Make sure you order a side of home fries. They're specifically not included with the sandwich which is "how they get ya", but I can't go without. Crisp, delicious potatoes served with a few sprigs of rosemary and... also dipped in syrup. I had over 140 check-ins to Matt's before they moved and Yelp created a new profile for them. Every single one of them? A Five Spot with Home Fries. I'm pretty sure if you ordered a "Chris", that's what you'd get at this point. Their waffles are amazing too, along with basically everything else on the menu. Absolutely perfectly fluffy, flavorful, and delicious, from what I've stolen off the wife's plate. And Erenia and the rest of the staff are as kind and amazing as can be.The wait is rough, there's no doubt about that. But whereas most breakfast places slog along with watery eggs, sub-par, see-through bacon, horrible, waxy cheese, and no twists or turns, Matt's gets it perfectly right every time. Or at least all 140 times and counting.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/15/2013,892,390,9,12,10>I've only really been here for concerts & it's a great venue! Lots of grassy space to spread out on, great sound, more than enough parking surrounding the area & lots of restaurants within walking distance. There is no shade, so word to the wise, ALWAYS wear your sun screen ;) This is AZ people, even when the sun isn't out, you're gonna toast. It's painful to see the sea of bright red people!
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,5/14/2013,650,610,10,11,11>OMG, this place is dangerous.  I can feel my hips expand as soon as I park in front of the store.  I can't have enough of the Butter Pecan ice cream, so buttery and Pecany (is that a word?, I guess now it is).  It is always a treat to come here, thank goodness it is pretty far from my house.  My little boy had the raspberry ice cream, he ended up eating half of his sister's ice cream, too.  He is a fast ice cream eater.  The patio in the back is very cute and we had a great time enjoying the beautiful Phoenix winter weather last weekend.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,5/13/2013,730,209,6,11,10>What can I say about Jerry's? It's really more like what can't I say about Jerry's.I love the atmosphere! I'm from Indiana, and it reminds me of a good ol' southern home style restaurant back in Indy. I always sit at the counter and love to watch the waiters get everyone's order. Man, they work so hard, and they are so polite. Customer service is top notch here!We always end up here for breakfast. I get the meal that comes with biscuits and gravy, two eggs, bacon or sausage, and an optional side of hash browns. It's really good! Everything else they serve looks good too. I like to food watch. LOL I'm gonna have to try the French toast next time.And there WILL be a next time and a next and a next . . .
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,5/12/2013,643,475,9,15,10>Skip everything else on the menu and head straight to the Gyros. I love the Gyros here. They give you a bunch of meat with the right amount of tomatoes, onions and tzatziki sauce. So far, these are the best Gyros I have had in North Scottsdale to date. Although they are mainly a lunch place and close early in the evening.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,5/11/2013,209,322,13,17,5>well well well... wasn't this such a lovely surprise ! Way better than my experience at the PHX Zoo. This place is great. Kids under 3 are free.. SCORE!. Took the 2 yr niece out for a day with Auntie and Uncle and we had such a good time. You really can get super close to all the animals and there are so many different types of animals here. it was my first time seeing a white crocodile ! Side note- Thanks to whoever put the carousal right in the middle of the tour as we could not walk past it until my niece rode it- due to her screaming I RIDE HORSEY!! over and over again until she got to ride it.Anyway, the aquarium was probably my favorite part. Such a cool setup and experience. i got to feed the sting rays and i was only able to do it once because it tripped me the F out..so i gave the rest of the shrimp to my bf so he could do it. Cool experience though! Also have a few restaurants and snack stands as you walk around as well but you can bring in your own things also and save some scrilla.a lot of walking and a lot of dust so ladies let's remember this is not a fashion show, you are in a  big dusty/rocky circle to look at a bunch of animals, not front row at an Usher concert. Mmkay, thanks.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2009,5/1/2009,400,606,11,12,10>Ok so I don't know whom I should be exactly pissed at here... Yelp....my neighbors....citysearch....HOW HAVE I NOT FOUND OUT ABOUT THIS PLACE?????Okay Yelp, I can't be mad at you because your little mobile application showed me what was close to me for lunch when I was down in Tempe at the Japanese market buying some Echigo beer which I discovered while at Yasu.Amazing, simply amazing, I saw the outside of this place and was like, "well here we go, another smokey pub filled with old timers"But as I passed through the front door I felt as if I had been magically transported to somewhere back east, a hustling bar with employees shouting orders and pressing fine pasterys and a decor that would make even Gordon Ramsay proud.I had the traditional being that I've never had a "patsy" before and it was simply amazing, beef, potatoes and a red wine gravy that made my mouth go, um what the hell just happened? They have a huge variety and it was really cool to see one of the kitchen members sitting next to me trying out one of the new recipes and critiquing on it.....huge brownie points in my book.. Best part, 10 bucks for lunch including a 3 dollar tip. SCREW YOU ECONOMY! I'll be back for sure!!!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,4/30/2009,1001,44,11,11,10>Tucked away in Agritopia, The Coffee Shop can be hard to find. Maybe that's a good thing.I found The Coffee Shop because I like the restaurant next door -  Joe's Farm Grill. And when I found out it had free wifi, it quickly became my office away from home (of note, as appears to be typical everywhere else, there can be a shortage of electrical outlets at peak hours. Just club someone over the head and take theirs. A more sophisticated approach may be to hand them a five, tell them to go buy one of the DELIGHTFUL pastries and take their plug while they are at the counter).The coffee is great, the pastries are to die for and the patio / garden area makes you say, "Toto, we're not at Starbucks anymore".
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,4/29/2009,57,114,1,12,13>I was really excited to try Bantu Cafe's West African food in the location of the former Melrose Cafe. It is a charming little place, outdoor seating, brightly decorated with traditional African art and sculptures decorating the walls and shelves. A stereo places African pop and Reggae. The menu consists of meats, chicken, goat, lamb, oxtail, available in curry or a tomato like sauce with mixed vegetables. You get your choice of sides like garlic potatoes, fufu, plantains or rice. The meat in the dishes can be substituted if one is so inclined. There are vegetarian options as well, being a traditional African cuisine, since meat is not always available and something we Westerners take for granted.They serve traditional soups, appetizers and sides as well as the entrees.The staff (one waitress) and owner were both warm and friendly.All in all, it was a good experience and good food. I wouldn't say great, but good. It is definitely worth trying and experiencing. I will be back again.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2009,4/28/2009,742,648,8,15,16>If you've never been to downtown Gilbert to visit Joe's Real BBQ, Liberty Market is another reason to check it out. Not only are there those 2 destination worthy places to chow, but Hale Centre Theatre which offers live performance theatre for post eating entertainment. The icon for downtown Gilbert is a massive water tower that is just amazing to stand by. I know its just a water tower but the history, being built in 1923, and the scale, 123 feet tall, it's quite a sight to stand underneath. With a 3 million dollar renovation and new park surrounding the tower, it's both modern and well, cool. Here is some good news if you're a fan of Joe's Real BBQ or Joe's Farm Grill; restaurateur Joe Johnston also owns Liberty Market. So you'll know right away that there will be high quality and tasty food at very affordable prices. This is also due to the fact that Chef David Traina and his wife Kiersten are pretty much running the show at Liberty. Both were so helpful that we felt like we were honored guests; as I'm sure most will feel when visiting. Chef David came from behind the open kitchen and greeted us personally. His gorgeous wife Kiersten was so helpful as she had many recommendations from the menu and drink list as we ordered. Its customer service like this that will not only make you a loyal guest, but you'll quickly share this experience with your friends.Built in 1935 the building has been lovingly restored into that retro-American-modern feel that the other restaurants have. On a side note, be sure to check out the bathrooms, there are several in which to chose and each has its own theme. To get things moving along at Liberty you stand in line and place your order at the counter, then they give you a number to place on the table and when your order is ready they bring it out to you. There are quite a few places to sit including a large patio, main indoor dining room and a long bar overlooking the wood-burning oven. This is the place to be if you love to see your dinner being made before your eyes, its up close and very personal.Depending on what time of day you go the menu has its bases covered. From the coffee bar to a fun and interesting breakfast menu as well as the main menu, you might be hard pressed to just order one thing. The main menu is comprised of sandwiches, pizza's, salads and cold case offerings such a fresh hummus and potato salad. You may also be happy to know that they serve beer and wine to compliment your dinner choices, priced so well that you may want to try more than one if you're not driving.  Be sure to take a look at the wall of kitschy gift items like bear shaped salt and peppershakers and Party Snaps. Who didn't play with those when they were a kid?Being all about fresh and local we started with the Antipasto ($11), which was large enough to share between 4 big eaters. A large serving platter covered in Molinari and Sons cured meats, roasted Brussels sprouts, baby carrots, olives and slices of artisanal cheese were a delight. The grilled bread that came with the platter was a nice compliment to the deliciously salty cured meats. Instead of ordering the Caprese Salad ($8) we opted for the Caprese Sandwich ($7), which even came with a cold case side dish. The corn, tomato + bean side was a bounty of freshness from the crunchy corn to the smooth toothsome Navy beans. This was a real compliment to the wonderful flavors of the mozzarella, sliced tomato, fresh basil and balsamic on the sandwich. The Liberty Joe ($7) is a take on the classic Sloppy Joe enjoyed by millions of kids over the years. Tender ground beef in a rich and hearty tomato sauce a top a toasted bun, lots of love for this one. Mac and cheese was the only side that could have been chosen for this one, kid heaven!The pizza's are all hand tossed and baked in a beautiful Renato wood-burning oven. The pizza crusts that come from this oven are lightly crisp, slightly charred and simply scrumptious! Starting with the White ($11) this one is not to be missed! If the combination of cream sauce and smoked mozzarella wasn't enough, wait till you taste the chopped bacon and tender pieces of chicken, oolala! Another sure fire hit was the Grilled Sausage ($10) covered in stringy mozzarella, roasted onions and tomato sauce. While the Molinari ($11) sounded great, the cooking of sliced cured meats makes them way to salty and intense for my taste, gamey.Desserts vary from day to day, so on our visit we had the pleasure of a slab of Red Velvet Cake ($5). If you've never had red velvet, please do. Moist chocolate cake covered in thick frosting of cream cheese delight. If you're in the mood for something a little different, order the Bread Pudding ($5). This was probably the lightest bread pudding I've ever had, which was more like French toast pillows swimming in a sea of creamy love.Load up the car with friends and go ahead, make the trip to Gilbert and see what you had no idea existed.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/14/2009,4/27/2009,280,572,14,14,14>Bowling sucks.  At least it does when you bowl a 37.  And how in the hell do you get the ball to roll, rather than slide? In spite of my game, I found AMF to be clean and in great condition.  The shoes were not scary as I imagined either.  $30 for an hour of "entertainment" and I use the term loosely, which included shoes and two games for two of us, no food or drink.My husband wants to go back.  I hope he forgets.
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,4/26/2009,300,261,17,17,19>All You HATERS sit the "F" down! I don't see you complaining about your $5^ lattes!! I went again and I bought six: 2 Red V, 2 Black & White, 1 Vanilla Milk Chocolate and 1 Eggnog Spice. I also bought one of their yogurt covered doggie cupcakes too.! I have to tell you,they have by far the BEST RED VELVET cupcake in town!!! . Frosting is perfect! Every time this cake has been extremely moist and the freshest of the bunch And it doesn't turn your mouth red either!!! This was my first time trying the Black and white and I really liked it too, the cake was rich and moist as well. The Vanilla Milk Chocolate is one of my faves, this cake is pretty dense compared to the others but definitely not dry, and GOD I Love that chocolate cream cheese frosting on top! Haven't eaten the Eggnog one yet but I did taste the frosting (eggnog cream cheese) Hell yeah it's good! The PupCake smelled good enough for me to eat but I gave it to the pooch and she thought it was amazing!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,4/25/2009,540,167,13,14,14>I had the eggplant parmisian sub thing. Holy god. I've only been there once and it was a long time ago but I remember thinking "Why am I such a super-human moron? Why don't I eat here regularly?" Strangely, God responded. Some joke about me falling down the tree and hitting every branch. You know how it goes... I did not experience the extreme wait times that other people mention but that would really annoy me depending on my mood. Yet another reminder I'm not self-actualized.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,4/24/2009,121,311,20,18,18>I've found myself here twice this past week, and both times, I've been glad that I was at the Tuck Shop.  It has a wonderful atmosphere that screams, 'come on in!'  The first night that I visited, I was seated in the lounge area just for drinks.  I would totally recommend this area to catch a drink if you're not hungry.  The manager, John is lovely- he makes conversation and is proud of what he is selling.  I found myself here again last night for dinner with Dottsy.  I'm not big on Southern food, and I would say that the menu is pretty heavy on the meat side- lots of pig on the menu.  We shared the patatas- a great plate of warm potatoes.  I enjoyed the hot tomato sauce that comes with it, while Dottsy preferred the aiolli.  I ended up getting the mac and cheese with breadcrumbs, minus the prosciutto.  It was tasty, and just the right amount of food.  My bowl was empty, so I must have liked it!At the end of our meal, we were brought sweet balls- cookie dough with chocolate melted on top.  Long story short, we needed two more balls after we had settled our bill and John was kind enough to give us two complimentary balls on the house.  He aims to please, and please he did!Another great addition to my neighborhood!  Welcome, Tuck Shop!
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2008,4/22/2009,61,79,10,16,13>First things first. Act like a local. Park behind the building and walk into the back door and through the kitchen into the main restaurant. But, don't act like a jerk. If you see a waiter with a big tray of steaks, give way and let him go before you. It's busy back there! Walking into this place is like walking into the 1950's. With the dim lighting, deep leather booths and red wallpaper, I half expected to see Frank, Sammy and Dean breaking bread in the back corner. I was there for a business lunch, so I couldn't go TOO crazy. I ordered the "Fat Man's Special" (because I'm a Fat Man), with the thick cut top sirloin. It included salad and sides of mashed potatoes and vegetables. The steak was very tender and huge (I only ate half), served up with horseradish and Au Jus. The warm loaves of garlic "covered" bread were an amazing accompaniment, as well. While the steak doesn't hold court with the likes of Mastro's, Dunant's oozes the charm of days long gone. I definitely plan to go back for an evening meal, when I can imbibe and be a bit more of a glutton.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2009,4/21/2009,348,195,14,18,19>"Kismet: (Islam) the will of Allah - kismat An event (or a course of events) that will inevitably happen in the future - destiny, fate" That's the word that popped into my head after a wonderful evening at Cibo. A motley group of friends met up for dinner and left very, very happy. We met around 7pm at Cibo. We were immediately seated at the front of the house next to the bar. The bartender was our waiter and he was super friendly and very helpful. We decided to each order a pizza so that plates could be passed around and pizzas shared! I'm glad that was what the decision was because I tried several different pizzas that night. The server was very helpful in selecting the wine that I chose to drink that night. He asked me what I liked to drink as far as American standards and suggested great Italian wines. He even came to suggest certain pizzas as well as aperitifs! I ordered the Bruschetta... it was delicious. The entire table enjoyed that appetizer. Once the main meals arrived, we realized that appetizers weren't needed. For my meal I ordered the Prosciutto Crudo. The dough was well cooked but not too hard that you could take a good chewy/smoky bite out of it. There were plenty of toppings and everything was high quality. I was amazed! At the end of the meal we just HAD to indulge in the crepes. I chose the Nutella and chocolate crepe....heaven. Of course I shared and everyone agreed that the crepe was amazing. To finish our dining experience off, we indulged in aperitifs of Lemoncello and some kind of yummy chocolate liqueur. Of course from start to finish I was happy. Our service was spot on, the food was FANTASTIC, and the drinks were wonderful. It was fate that our crew hit that spot right then, right there... I honestly do not have one complaint, one criticism, one bad thing to say about Cibo. I hope to catch a moment of kismet again!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,5/6/2014,1992,234,13,27,22>If you've been looking for the best kept secret in Phoenix, this isn't really you're place, cause it's not that much of a secret anymore. If you're looking for an urban escape into the farming community of Phoenix past, then be sure to stop in for a visit.  I've always heard good things about Morning Glory café here at the farm at south mountain for brunch on the weekends, we had a visitor in town, wanted food, was looking for an experience we've never had, one plus one equals two, so we ended up at the farm!I'm so glad we chose to dine at morning glory, the entire place is super cool. Lined in an old pecan grove, there are a handful of shops to check out, some artist studios, two or three places to eat, and the grounds are a great place to take in also. This was the perfect stop for brunch before we headed up to the top of south mountain to check out the views. For anyone in the market, this is also a wedding venue, it's a venue like none other in Phoenix - if you're looking for that. :-)Happy Yelping Phoenix, be sure to put this on your bucket list for Phoenix if you haven't been yet!
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,5/5/2014,378,474,7,8,7>Another FOX Concepts eatery/drinkery. The sister of Culinary Dropout in Scottsdale; it's on the same level. Except I was surprised at the patio area; it's huge! Nice open space and warm fire pits all around. On a Thursday evening about 6:00pm there was about a 15 minute wait; so solve that by scrunching in at the bar. Yep. Crowded is good; and the bar was crowded too. I got a bit confused on the drink menu with the pricing of the wines. I ended up ordering a Pinot that was $15 for a glass thinking in my blonde mind that 15g meant the pour size ! Oops!! My boyfriend is a simple beer guy and loves the idea of the $2 beer in a bag concept. You order the beer in a bag and don't know what your getting : PBR;Hamms;Natty Ice ? Yeah don't think your getting a swanky craft brew in a bag! You can upgrade the bag with a shot , or a mini to go with. Same idea , you never know the beer nor the shot ! Yeah it's a cool idea, but I'll pass! Loved the charcuterie plate that you can build on your own with choices of cheeses, olives or artichokes and dried meats .. Whatever you like! The pretzel balls and fondue are always a 'must ' and these are exact to the CD in Scottsdale. Awesome service and ambience. Trendy and fun. Free valet too. Just be cautious of the drink menu, or psy attention , unlike me!
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,5/4/2014,420,461,5,11,10>Happy New Year to me and to downtown Phoenix coffee lovers! Royal has returned to downtown! Their new location is in the old carriage house at Heritage Square. I've been twice this week and am happy to report that we can expect the same concept and quality that we've all come to expect and love from the Biltmore location: GREAT locally roasted coffee, smooth and balanced espresso served up in small, minimalist-cool space.I am so glad that they are downtown because I REALLY REALLY love their coffee. I have my usual spots but this is a game changer. It's a little bit farther of a walk than my usual coffee run but it's totally worth it. I will probably wear down the soles of my shoes before long!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,5/3/2014,157,292,7,13,9>After writing my first review I came back for dinner the very next day (yes that's how much I loved it!).  Dinner service was pretty busy, and at times we saw that people had to wait for tables.  But they do take reservations, so keep that in mind.My party of 3 ordered the Omakase for 2 people, seaweed salad, and stuffed jalapenos.  We loved everything!  The Omakase was awesome, and it wasn't like at other sushi restaurants where they fill their chef's choice plate with cheap rolls or imitation crab and stuff.  Every piece on the chef's choice plate had fish in it and every piece was delicious!Can't say enough good things about this place, you just have to try it for yourself...
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,5/2/2014,1070,742,13,22,19>4.5 stars!Today was my second visit, and I like this eatery!   The ambience is laid-back, despite the gorgeous marble bar counter, distinctive winery flourishes (I looked for beer taps,  but didn't see any), including cut-out kegs doubling as decorative shelves, and one flat-panel TV (this isn't a sports bar). Matt and Shawn (the latter had been the former manager of neighbor Four Peaks) are gracious as  always.  Chef Indy remembered me from my first visit, as the guest who ordered the spare ribs without the BBQ sauce and the chocolate bread pudding, which he made a chocolate ganache especially for me, because I couldn't have the regular chocolate sauce laced with corn syrup.This afternoon's dishes all tasted terrific, and I enjoyed the textures:Calamari app- Menu says $10, and 3.5 weeks ago was half-off during happy hour.  Menu still lists the price at $10, but my receipt said $9, with $2 off during HH.  Loved the crunch!  The calamari was prepared just the way I like calamari to be, and I know Mom would love it, as well.  The accompanying garlic aioli and marinara were great, as well, with the aioli being a little saltier than I'd prefer.  My only gripe is that for $9 original price, I didn't get a lot of calamari, so I'd only order it during HH...  yelp.com/biz_photos/twis…Twisted Burger- $14, and comes with house fries.  Matt had told me about TR's mac 'n cheese more than three weeks ago and said that he could sub it for the fries, if I wanted.  The burger came with brie, perfectly-crisped thick bacon (!), arugula, and tomato jam, which I'd asked for on the side.  It's made with sun-dried tomatoes in a white wine and sugar reduction.  It added a definite sweetness to the burger and complemented it well, but for someone with inflammation issues, I'd skip it next time.  (Tomatoes, part of the nightshade family, is one of many inflammatory foods.)  The mac 'n cheese was DELICIOUS!  Today's preparation consisted of cheddar, parmesan, and provolone, and a little bacon.  I had to stop myself from eating too much!  Again, this dish is a little pricey for me, especially since I can't have the tomato jam...  The great quality of the mac 'n cheese kind of makes up for the price, just a little.  yelp.com/biz_photos/twis… and yelp.com/biz_photos/twis…Double Chocolate Lava Cake- $8, and usually comes with vanilla ice cream, which contained corn syrup that I can't have, so  Chef Indy (sp?) offered to whip up some fresh heavy cream and granulated sugar.  He also offered to make a caramel sauce when I asked if instead of whipped cream, I could have some creme anglaise.  He wasn't sure which of the two I wanted, so he decided to give me both!  After the first bite of one lava cake, though, I knew the whipped cream and the caramel sauce were not needed.  This dessert should be called Better Than Sex, and really, what better metaphors for sex are there but volcanoes and lava, eh?  And boy, was this dark chocolate lava hot, thick, and decadent!  I'm getting excited just thinking about it!  ;)  I'm sorry I didn't take a photo of the lava oozing out... I couldn't stop eating to take other photos...  If only there weren't other people present, I'd have licked that plate clean!  yelp.com/biz_photos/twis…Btw, Thursday night is Ladies' Night, which means happy hour* deals ALL DAY for women.  Also, live music entertainment is held from 6p to 9p.  I enjoyed it, and so did the other women who filled up the main dining room.*Happy hour deals changed since my last visit three and a half weeks ago.  It used to feature half-off appetizers, but now it's just $2 off the apps.  There are wine specials, too, both by the glass and bottles.  If you feel like splurging, try the Sexual Chocolate by Slo Down Vines, $45.  Very good!
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,5/1/2014,168,339,5,15,12>I toyed with this rating for a while. 4 or 5? Man 4.5 would be perfect! I settled on a 4 based on my first visit, but I can see myself upgrading on future visits. We all know the history of this building. An old beauty parlor. I love how the building was preserved. There are old photos all over the business and even have parlor chairs at the bar. Starting from the main door you pass a garden where the cooks grow their own herbs and produce. Very cool, I wish I was good enough to grow all my own herb, but i know they would just wilt up and die.lol.anyways you can see a real,nice cozy patio while you walk up to the door. You are greater by a host to great you if you want a table in the dining room, or you can go right into a small bar area.Service was good the entire. I really dug the decor.  Hard to explain,  but it was a little dark and just overal hip and romantic at the same time. What I'm trying to say I would feel just as comfortable with my buddies here as if I was on a romantic date with my wife. That is super cool. Now for the food. We ordered the calamari and shrimp appetizer called Fritto Misto. Wow, when that came out it was just awesome! I couldn't believe how juicy the shrimp were. The sauce was also great for dipping.  I would totally order this again!For the pizza we ordered the Proscuitto Cotto. It wasn't what I was expecting, even though the server told me. But there was no cheese on the pizza, just proscuitto and a smokey tomato sauce. It was good, but I wouldn't order it again. I'd like to try something with cheese on it next time.Also while we were dining the music track playing was surprising good! I saw a fellow Yelper that commented in how much the music rocks. He's right, every song was good!  I will be coming back to the Parlor again. This time to try a pizza that more fits me, and I would expect my rating to improve afterwards. Overall The Parlor is a great local Phoenix restaurant. I can't wait to take my out of town friends here
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/30/2014,83,88,8,11,12>It was an uncommonly rainy night when I met a friend here for dinner and drinks so the patio area was closed.  I was sad that I couldn't enjoy the patio because it was honestly the one thing that really drew me in from the photos I saw here from other yelpers.  The interior was as packed as a small place this could be.  At this point I'm a little unsure about staying, no patio and tight quarters. The staff was immediately very happy to see me and showed no signs they were at all put out by the weather.  I ordred a beer and the pizza of the day.  The waitress tried to tell me what was on the pizza of the day but I really wanted to be surprised so I asked her to stop.  All she got out was "it's called black and blue".  I was told the beer I wanted wasn't in stock or going to be carried anymore so I said surprise me with a random beer that is similar.  They brought me one of my favorites so I was very happy with their choice.  The pizza took a lot longer to come out than I would have expected but I really didn't mind.  The atmosphere was so comfortable that had I not looked at the time I wouldn't have realized so much of it had passed.  The pizza was great, I had fun figuring out why they called it Black and Blue and the waitress asked me if I had figured it out.  The blue cheese flavor wasn't overpowering nor was the blackened steak.  It was a very well balanced flavor over all and I enjoyed every bite.I'm sure I'll be back so I can explore more of their menu and hopefully try out the patio area.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,4/29/2014,181,198,6,9,10>The zoo is pretty big. I liked playing with the sting rays and walking around looking at the animals during the day. Whenever I go to Zoolights during the night, everything is asleep.It's the usual zoo with your jungle, desert and whatever animals. There's plenty of shops and snack shops. You can go on a tour, ride the camel, go on the slides (which is really expensive because it's $3 per ride going down a slide), get up close with the giraffes and even get up close with the elephants.Good place to take the kids and spend an entire day there. Let them look at the animals and also about them too. Bring some water and snacks so you don't have to pay for it at the zoo.Oh... FREE PARKING.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,4/28/2014,295,473,7,19,11>Jerk chicken is one of my favorite meals. I noticed I had this place bookmarked, and it is close to my work. I decided to finally check it out. The parking was a little challenging as it shares a parking lot with a tattoo shop and there are only a few spots behind the store. Walking inside it was small - a couple of tables up front and a row of seats down the a bar against the wall. The man behind the counter was very friendly and when he asked if it was my first time there he walked me through it and made some recommendations. I had the jerk chicken, two styles of rice with "gravy", cabbage, and a couple plantains. I picked up a bottle of Ting as well. The chicken was flavorful, not too spicy, and the sides were excellent. While eating another gentleman came up and asked how I liked it. He was very polite and asked if I needed anything else. I saw a plaque stating they won 2013 Best Jerk award, and I can't disagree. It was one of the top that I have had. The food was great, the service even better. The one thing I would change is the music. They had a local radio station playing, but I would prefer to hear reggae while eat Jamaican food - make it a total experience. The club music just didn't fit. Being that close to work and a good experience, I will definitely be back.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/27/2014,165,135,5,8,8>The Desert Botanical Garden is truly something to see! Get there before the blown glass exhibit goes away in May 2014. You'll take a glamorous walk through perfectly landscaped desert scenery. Check out their website for various exhibitions. Things change all the time. The downfall of the the garden is that it is incredibly expensive -- $22 a person. On this particular day, I had a friend in town for the day and we only had about an hour to kill. $44 for the two of us to walk through the desert for an hour was a little pricey, but I'm glad we saw it.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2009,10/31/2009,357,399,8,18,18>My buddy Kevin N. back in San Jose told me about the Fry Bread House. He said I had to find it and try it when i got to Phoenix.  It sounded like a place I would LOVE.  So when I got here I started looking to see if I could find it.  I drove down Indian School on several occasions, turned down 7th St.....nothin.  After several attempts and a post to Yelpers I realized that I was looking for 7th AVE and not 7th ST.  Doh!!  With that issue out of the way, I made a trip over last week and found it!!  The parking lot of pretty full.....good sign in my book, and it looked like a little house on the outside.  We walked in and picked up a menu.  I wanted to try it all but I finally narrowed it down and ordered the Hominy Stew.  My daughter had some fry bread with cheese.  We were greated warmly, ordered, got our drinks and sat down to wait.  We did not wait long for our food and out came the fry bread and the stew.  My daughter LOVED her fry bread with cheese.  That is her kind of thing.  The hominy stew was perfection!!  I love hominy and there were chunks of tender beef in a nice broth.  And a giant piece of fry bread to go with it.  I was so full when I left.  I totallly loved it.  This is a great place!!  A nice little hole in the wall that serves up big portions for small prices.  You can see the ladies in the back cooking up  a storm!  This is such a little gem of a place.  I only wish that they could take all the calories and bad things out of the fry bread....but then it wouldn't be fry bread and it wouldn't be nearly as good.  *sigh*  I can't wait to go back and try the tacos, the green and red chile, or any of the other amazing sounding things they have on the menu!!  Seriously, get to the Fry Bread house now and enjoy!!  Special thanks to Kevin N. for telling me about this wonderful little gem!!Miss you Kevin!!
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2009,10/29/2009,177,185,14,13,14>Lisa G, you had me at Balls! Who can resist a trio of piping hot tasty meatballs (Veal/Pork/Beef) soaking in a savory red marinara sauce topped with grated parm and served with warm Foccaccia Bread? Not me! These balls are soo good, I had them two days in a row. Yep, I'm a fan but my delight doesn't end with the balls. I enjoyed every other plate I had during my repeat dinning experience. Empanadas: Wow! The crust alone is to live for! Each bite melted in my mouth and I enjoyed the tasty center too. Skewer Plate: This is the perfect sharing dish. Chicken, Beef, Shrimp, and Veggie skewers (2 of each) served with two delicious sauces. Both are good but I preferred the Chipotle sauce. This dish is screaming for a fruit skewer; grilled pineapple maybe? Mini Sandwiches: A great option for a first timer. This dish offers a selection of three mini sandwiches (your choice) from the main menu. I loved this idea because I can try each and decide which one I would like in the big sandwich size. Each were good but the AHI and Chicken Salad were my favorites; AHI being the top. Lisa G doesn't just offer up great food, this is also one cool happening joint. It's a converted 19 something-ish bungalow turned Café, Wine, Art  Bar. The music selection also adds to the dinning experience. Can't go wrong with Billie and Ella singing you through a meal right?  The service was great during both my visits. They were courteous, responsive, and served with a smile both times.  So hey, give at go and don't forget to try them balls. I'm sure you'll enjoy.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2009,10/28/2009,176,83,13,16,17>I like to Rant.  I like to Rave.  I also like to revisit places that I deem "5 star worthy" to make SURE I hadn't made a mistake.  Occasionally, I'll revisit a failure JUST to see if they've cleaned up their act.  Well, with such an AWESOME first review I did on this place, I was BOUND to write a sequel. THIS, my friend, is just that.Before I even came in here, I was DEAD set on ordering the luscious fish and chips. Now, I've spent a few nights in England (1,460 to be exact), so I feel like I know authentic Fish n chips when I taste them. Alas, my wandering eyes made me forget all about them when I saw "Shepherd's Pie"... I've had some PRETTY bad Shepherd's Pies in my day so I figured "Lets give them a chance to measure up"Now, there is comfort food that will help you relax and take you deep away from everything stressful in your present day. Then, there is comfort food that will prop up your feet and suck on your toes while performing a deep massage just below your scapula. Rosie's Shepherd's Pie... was the latter.I can't place the spices they used in the ground beef stew, but it was genius.  Also, the consistency was MUCH better than traditional Shepherd's Pie.  It was more of a rouge like Chili (without the chili spicing)... It had carrots that were slightly sweet and peas that popped in your mouth releasing glorious green goo to mix with the hot beef and such on its way down to your belly. "Don't stop rubbing... keep working those toes..."Now we get to the potatoes on top.  They weren't overly ambitious.  By this, I mean they weren't ruined with too much garlic/butter/cream/etc... They had a GREAT natural potato taste with crispy, broiled cheese on top forming a wonderful pie crust-like seal of protection.  Except this seal was a guarantee... Guaranteeing you will stalk this dish in your dreams for the rest of your life.Yes, I revisited the water closet. Cleaner...The service was JUST as good as before if not better! Attentive, slightly humorous, and great attitude.I have come to decide that you can't go wrong at Rosie's... Plus free metaphorical food sex! Bonus!
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,10/27/2009,454,555,26,23,24>They had a BABY JESUS pencil topper set!!! OMG, I think I died and went to heaven. Plus they had a photo booth and pirate cupcake wrappers, and oh yeah, they had candy. I found it to be a novelty store that happened to sell candy and other eccentric knick knacks. But whoa, what a bunch of poor reviews I see here. I found Smeeks to be a delight. The scene on a Saturday afternoon was kind of a mob scene -- about a dozen or so people kind of crowded the place.I spent $5 on my Baby Jesus pencil toppers and found prices on other things to be just right -- it's an independent local business selling specialty goods, people.So go ahead -- spend your money at another chain to save a buck, kwitcherbitchin and move to Buckeye. Thank you. The End.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2009,10/26/2009,119,483,10,10,9>HOLY CHEESE CURDS!  Literally!  They are so good they have to be holy and heavenly and all associated greatness.  These are hands down the best cheese curds I have ever had in my life.  I've had Beecher's in Seattle, and they are good.  I've had some curds from the dairy farm run by the polygamists up in Colorado City and those are really good.  Nothing can even come close to how good the cheese curds are at Petit Fromage.  They make the best midnight snack in the world.  They actually make a great breakfast.  I can eat them all day long!  I got some last week and then I begged the husband every 5 minutes to take me back there to get some more after I finished.  Do yourself a favor.  Stop reading this and go to get some curds!  Make sure you leave some for me!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,10/25/2009,92,86,16,13,14>Aw, Cartel. You've won yourself a spot in my cold, dead heart: Better hours, better setup, better everything. You have achieved (near) perfection. Plus, now that it's fall and the weather's cooled down, I can ride my bike right up to the big garage-style warehouse door in the back. Like the cool kids.And even though I'm not actually cool, the baristas here are really nice. Hipster style without the hipster pretension. I like it. Perhaps most of all, I just plain started feeling guilty about giving three stars to a place I frequent at least twice a week. And as I have said before, guilt's a bitch. Now that I'm absolved of my sins, I think it's time for some coffee.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2009,10/24/2009,369,46,11,13,14>Last Time i visited this place i dropped in my business card (finally a good use for them lol) and with in that next week i got a coupon in the mail for a free meal! HEYA!!! I have been itching to use it for days!! The best part is that it is only a block or so away from my school, class gets out right before 9... and it closes at 10... just enough time... math makes me crave Mexican, i cant help myself.... last night i had the shredded beef burrito with cheese and sour cream inside... and beans on the side... i was in heaven!!! Their beef is soooo goooodddd!!!! i think they are starting to recognize us.. lol Mmm I'm In love with this place!!
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2009,10/23/2009,531,43,24,17,19>I have had chicken. I have had waffles. And now, I've had chicken AND waffles. Prior to today, I didn't realize the distinction. Prior to today, I never had cause to consider the combination. Prior to today, I didn't realize what I was missing.Now let's be clear: this isn't the place for dieters. It's not a place for any pretentious behavior. The place has "Chicken & Waffles" in the name, OK? And that's what you're going to get. In abundance.Cheap as hell. I had the #1, also known as KK's. Three huge-ass pieces of chicken -- breas, thigh and mutant leg. All battered and fried to perfection. Two waffles the size of Vermont. A bucket of grits with some egg/cheese/onion concoction on the side. OK, I could have done without the last part. But hey, when in a chicken & waffle place...I'm still full. I won't eat dinner tonight. I crashed out for an hour in post-prandial bliss. And I'd have typed this review faster if I could have stopped sucking my fingers like a four-year-old.Damn.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,10/22/2009,154,77,46,19,18>Dear Coronado Tamale Lady (aka: Nuestra Señora de la Diarrea),Lord, I miss you. You used to roll down the sidewalk with the shopping cart stolen from Southwest Supermarkets. In your cart, you had 5-gallon paint buckets, filled with Heaven Wrapped in Foil.I don't know how you did it, but no matter how far your journey from your kitchen, those foil tamale pouches were nuclear hot. And inside, nirvana. Shredded pork, chicken, or green corn... I could never pick a favorite. And at $6 for a pack of 5 big throbbing hot tamales, why not get them all every time? And somehow, you always timed your visits to my cravings. I'd hear your squeaking wheels, lock my hyena/pitbull mix in the bedroom and run out to your smiling face, oven mitts in hand.As an added bonus, about 1 in 5 times, I'd get the shits. Fine with me, I always seemed to need to lose a few pounds right about then. You must be psychic too.Any chance you can expand your route to Arcadia? Pretty please?Love,Ron
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,10/20/2009,106,104,26,19,18>This is the sort of review that the Liberty Market powers that be might not want to associate themselves with.  They should read it, and then disavow it if need be.So we've been to LM a bunch of times.  I famously said that I'd eat myself to death on their red velvet cake (more on that later) but had marginally less success with the rest of the menu.Well all that changed two visits ago.  My wife ordered the italia salad, which is sort of like an antipasto salad with garbanzo beans, kalamata olives (the lone blight on the salad, but I can appreciate that that's only my opinion), and italian meats with lettuce and tomatoes and all.  Totally delicious.  And I ordered the italian sausage pizza which is actually amazing.  Totally delicious.  It comes with ricotta cheese and onions, the ricotta being delightfully creamy and the pizza, on the whole, being perfect in every way.  Thinish crust (but not too thin) and just really flavorful.We got all that last night, too, and it was amazing again, but the trip was marred by...the worst customer ever to live.  If you see a mushroom-shaped woman probably in her mid 40s, wearing a visor on her mushroom shaped head, and a t-shirt with "talk to the (paw print)" emblazoned on the front, look out.  You'll recognize her by her disconsolate husband/significant other, who carries around with him the ethos of a beaten pet.WOMAN: I'll have the (five thousand different desserts to go) and the pecan bar.  But NOT the pecan bar that was cooked on the side of the pan.  I HATE that.HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: Okay... what about that pecan bar right there.WOMAN: NO! Not that one.  Look. You can tell that that one was cooked on the side of the pan.  No, I want that one (the one predictably buried under thirty others).  That *should* be all right.  It looks okay.HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: Uh.  Okay.  Sure.WOMAN: (orders fifty more things)HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: (rings up woman. she pays.)WOMAN: And MAKE SURE that I don't get the pecan bar because (points credit card menacingly at HAPLESS EMPLOYEE) I am *very particular* about this.  If it doesn't look right, I will send it right back.HAPLESS EMPLOYEE: Okay (reassuringly).  We will.  Thank you.So I roll up behind her and give her a withering look as she turns away and commiserate with the homeboy at the bar.  Then we order, etc.A couple of pointers.  One) if my wife thinks you're an asshole, you are.  She's got a pretty long fuse for this sort of thing.  And yes, that's how come we're married.  Two) if you're fat, why would you act so... fat?  It just reinforces the fact that you're a great big fat person and what the hell?Fat person code: (I am an authority)1. Don't act like if you don't get the exact pecan bar you want, that your life is OVER.  It may be true, but for fucks sake.2. Don't order a disgustingly fatty triple-super-size quadruple burger with extra mayo and then a large diet coke.  You get laughed at when you do this.3.  I would say DO diet and exercise but I'm fat and I think those two things are profoundly boring.Anyway, I know this has dragged on but I talk so that I can hear myself talk, and the same generally applies to my writing.  BUT: If you are from LM, I HOPE YOU READ THIS BECAUSE...Our red (please see updated below) velvet cake last night was (sorry about the parentheticals but the yelp-bots are to blame.) terrible**.  TERRIBLE!  We got it to go and whoever served it to us either grossly misunderstood the quality of what they were serving, or they should be fired.  I have (albeit indirect) experience with Joe (the owner/conceptual mastermind) and I am certain that if he knew that this five day old, dried up piece of cake were being given to customers, he would be upset. There were even two people in line ahead of me trying to decide between the carrot and red velvet and I told them they should get red velvet, hands down.  YOU MADE A LIAR OUT OF ME, LIBERTY MARKET!  And for this, I won't forgive you unless I get a free slice of (do I even need to specify "fresh") red velvet cake.Having said all of that, every restaurant has it's moments, bad or good, and I forgive that and on the strength of the usual red velvet perfection and the deliciousness of everything else, I give LM five stars.__________________**Red Velvet Update: I have been in twice since and this most recent time, Kiersten (one of the owners) gave me a new piece of red velvet cake.  And a pecan bar, from the middle of the pan no less!  But I want to make this clear, just in case it isn't: I love liberty market--it's exceptional.  And I really want everyone to know that I've had the RV cake many times before *and since* and it has, every time, been amazing.  I still hold that it is the best piece of cake I've ever had.  So it clearly was an aberration this time.  And the carrot cake is almost as good.  Really.  The bread pudding is totally sublime.  If you get a dessert there, you won't be disappointed.  I promise
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,9/18/2013,325,381,35,28,17>Went here on an adult field trip with my girlfriend. It was a great date activity. It's a little hot to be going here in the Summer, and it's definitely humid inside with the butterflies, but it's worth going for sure. We went ahead and bought annual passes because that's like our thing now - annual passes for shit we'll end up going to just once or twice. We were bummed to find out we had just missed the lifetime passes - they stopped selling them. But there's a ton of cool stuff to see here besides just butterflies, and the 3d movie was entertaining. We got our money out of it. The photography opportunities here are fantastic. I brought my dslr and snapped off a bunch. If you're into photography at all, this is a great place to go as well. The atrium is well laid out and there's even a nice koi pond in the middle... we probably wandered around for a good hour and a half or so. Watch your step - you may squish one. They are pretty good about cleaning up the casualties and they are also good about warning visitors not to be dicks - but people are dicks so you may see some trampled on butterflies. Just be aware.If you're a parent and bringing your children here and they don't understand death yet and will cry when they see a dead butterfly and you aren't ready to have that talk... or they misbehave and pull wings off or kill insects because you are raising a serial murderer - then this probably isn't the place for you. Take your kid to the playground at McDonalds and feed them a happy meal. This is a more sophisticated outing for a more sophisticated child and parent. It's an educational thing and also might spark a love for butterflies. Dudebros - this is a great place to take a chick on a date - but maybe not in the Summer - her makeup will sweat off her face and her hair will frizz out. If she's cool with that, then you've got yourself a good one. If you're not cool with that as a dudebro, then maybe you are shallow and should talk to someone about it... I don't know. The giftshop is neat and filled with some good stuff, but it's all very expensive. Overall, it's a great experience that doesn't cost much more than going to the movies and provides a much more unique experience.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,9/17/2013,18,86,6,12,10>6 star food, 3 star ambiance, 4 star review.It is the real deal for Chinese food. I have pretty Americanized tastes, but even I could appreciate their menu watching them make the noodles right then and there is so cool for someone who does not know much about the process. The food itself is very darn tasty. The shredded noodles are thick, filling, and delicious especially with beef. I have gotten beef tripe stew here and it was awesome; it felt like I was eating Asian menudo and that's a great feeling.Service was good, but this place is just not special inside. It is not very nice inside to impress people which is a shame because the food is great and priced very well. One last thing the portions are also very large, a definite plus.
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,9/16/2013,244,368,8,11,10>Had a craving for donburi!  So I came in here with my son.  The menu was extensive good chocies between sushi and non sushi items.  We were not that hungry so I ordered one dish to be shared between my son and I.  I felt bad for the waitress and she couldn't help but give us a stare.  Luckily, my son was so charming and loving and funny that by the end of the meal he had totally won her over and I left a tip amount as though we had ordered two entrees.The only disappointment was of course the donburi.  The donburi I crave for and remember is a donburi from long ago when I was a student at Ann Arbor where they would pile on the rice in a big bowl and pile on top a big pile of gooey mixture of onion, egg, and chicken.  It was soooo good!  I haven't been able to find the remembered donburi anywhere else since then.I think I need to recreate it in my own kitchen to satisfy not necessarily my stomach but my memory.  Not kidding.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,9/15/2013,239,156,5,10,6>I'm a pretty big fan of this place.  Yes the ordering can be a little time consuming, but when you consider that by the time you reach the end of the line, you are handed over a freshly baked casserole chocked full of yummy goodness, it sort of makes up for it all.So there are a few things you should know when ordering.  1) You can get nachos.  They're not on the board, but they will make them up and they are delish (and big).  2) The soup is awesome.  I wish they offered more than one size but it is tasty and built to your tastes, just like everything else.  3) The spicy cornbread filling should be nominated for its own food group.  This is seriously the best thing that I have tasted in a really long time.  4) The grapefruit margarita is fantastic.  Perfectly crisp and refreshing for our super-hot summer days, do yourself a favor and get one or two (or three).  5) The pumpkin cookies with touch of caramel frosting is a must have.  It is the optimal ending for the meal and since it's not heavy, it's a great topper.The staff is friendly.  The space is clean.  The food is fantastic.  Yep, I'm a pretty big fan!
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,9/14/2013,186,135,6,17,9>Summer has begun! Which means it's time to break out the bathing suits and sunglasses. In search of a lazy river on the cheap, I found McDowell Mountain Ranch Aquatic Center. At only $6 per Scottsdale resident, it was just what the doctor ordered. We packed up a cooler full of water and snacks and hit the pool. Since it's early May, there were still plenty of lounge chairs available around the big U-shaped pool, so we snagged a couple. On one side of the U, there's a nice, shallow kids area with lots of splashing water, an area for some basketball at the bottom of the U, and then at the other side, a deeper, more quiet area. All around are lifeguards. Lifeguards galore! If I were to forget how to swim, I'd have absolutely no concern here. I did see some boys get schooled by one of the lifeguards about playing rough with the basketball. You tell 'em, boss!We didn't go on the big, swirly slide, but after we had gotten our fill of relaxing pool time, we finally hit up the lazy river. All they need are some tunes! It's fun to lay back and watch the kids try to rush through on their tubes (so be prepared for some benign side swipes). Clean bathrooms, pleasant employees, sunny weather. Bring on the 115 degree temps because I know where I'll be!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,9/13/2013,248,354,11,16,13>I had a great experience here. For starters, they have some good drink specials each night. On Tuesday, they have $5 glasses of wine and $3 beers. We ordered a pizza and it was really good. Lots of toppings and cheese and sauce and cooked to perfection! For dessert we shared a canollo (yes the Italian in me wants to use the proper term! lol. One conollo, two canolli!) Ok, I digress! The server found out it was a birthday and wrote on the plate in chocolate Happy Birthday and took the dessert off the bill. Very nice. She checked on us several times and kept our drinks full. The owner or maybe manager came over and he was very nice. Very genuine and you could tell that he really cared about what people thought and wanted everyone to have a great experience. Where I would have probably given this place 4 stars, his presence and personality easily put it at 5 stars. Service was impecable. Pizza and dessert was really good, and they made a new customer out of me!
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,9/12/2013,443,251,10,19,12>How is it possible there are only FOUR Yelps on this?The five stars are beyond justified. I am a tight fisted woman with those stars, but, when you're talking about trusting, OH, your LIFE to someone else this seems appropriate. (And not just because I didn't die.) Today was Fun. Relaxing. Exciting. But not stressful. Here's the thing. I went skydiving thirteen years ago. Yes, I'm *that* old. (Also, I remembered to dye my roots last night. Covers my bald spot a bit better and makes me look younger.) Anyway. I know the drill. You go, you sign too many waivers, step into gear, hop into a tiny plane, try to enjoy the view and hope for the best.Buuuut...I got a lot more than that today. I picked up a rich memory that I won't ever forget.  And not in the "Rum, why did you let me drink so much" variety bad feeling.The owner, and god help me, I can't remember his name right now. (Only that he wore a very hol-e-y set of garments. Not holy in the Vatican sense. His wife now has an excuse to chuck that t-shirt. And maybe those jeans;) His sense of humor is in line with mine. Ho my. He didn't bat an eye when we showed up without an appointment.Don't do that.You might not get to jump. Jumping in Phoenix is very different than the east coast. When it gets hot, no one wants to do anything. So, actually my friend and I should have known better. No one wants to do ANYthing in Phoenix after 10AM.  So, DUH.After you sign your life away (yes, there's no getting around that) you hang out in a room with maybe four or five round tables. If you've forgotten to eat (like maybe me - don't tell my trainer) there's a vending and coffee machine.  There were some really neat older gentlemen there today, chock full of stories. If you can, come ready to listen. I have a feeling these guys are here often. If you ask nice they'll probably show you a picture of their planes (well worn and carried in their wallets).So..onto the actual jumping thing. Eh, hold on a sec. Jewelry:- Don't wear any. Hair:- When you tie it up/back tie it tighter than a sailor's knot. My running knot came out in the middle of the dive. Sticky mess but dangerous as it blocks your dive instructor's view. BAD.My friend and I picked up the social media picture package thing. So instead of leaving with a disc of images, we agreed to go with the "we have no shame" and "go ahead and post all of our unedited photos on your FB page". This option is neat if you don't want to fiddle with a disc, or FB. You can quickly tag yourself and away you go!  (I personally, picked a few pictures, cropped, threw a filter/border on and * then* shared everywhere.) General Advice for Filming/Photos:- Ladies, you can totally wear your hair down for every single shot PRE JUMP. (~ until five minutes before jump). Don't let the men rush you. Look puurty!- If you're in a group, there's a Q/A video of "why are you jumping today" before you head out. I would recommend one of two things. (A) Use one camera so everyone is facing the same lens. Or (B) Let everyone have private time with their dive instructor.  - Your Dive Instructors are like Ninjas with those Cameras. Seriously. Sasha (my super awesome dive buddy) finally realized how much of a spaz I am and started prompting me. (THANK GOODNESS.)  "Hey, Look here!" (Like a five year old on a pony, that would be me.)- There's not really such a good thing as a "good look" when you're in free fall. My goggles completely squashed my eyeballs, making it hard to see out of one eye, and apparently making me look like a frog. (Maybe I could have voiced concerns about tightness earlier.) My friend said her dive buddy suggested smiling NO MATTER WHAT as it made you look better. - I think there is definite value for the photos. There were something like 135? photos. In that wiiiide batch I found some killer (maybe a bad word to use:) photos that made my friends at work uber jealous. (I've only posted TWO so far. Both of which I posted to Yelp. I was in a rush today. Things to do!)Now, for the real reason that I'm hammering out a Yelp review on a Friday night. The word needs to get out. These guys are fun. I know I said that already. I was pretty chill coming into the situation. (My friend, maybe not so much.) But every party involved was very [VERY] welcoming and easy going. My friend was not clutching my hand as I had feared. Afterwards she was not wreckage. She was happy. This made ME happy.I was already happy as the view is just amazing. When you fly commercial (or, if you're privy to a really nice private plane, in which case I hate you) you're somewhat removed from the vista. In a small plane you can see EVERYTHING. It really is something I think everyone should try. These guys make you feel good about getting ready, getting on the plane, being in the plane, being in the air, and landing. And, let's face it, it's the landing part that really matters.Well, all of it matters I highly recommend!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/11/2013,35,44,5,7,7>Waited for 2 hours just to get seated at the grand opening last night (National Hot Dog Day!) and it was, as expected, well worth the wait. If you've never visited the food truck... Short Leash is known for their funky combinations/toppings but have no fear... they are just as complex and delicious as they are strange. My personal favorite is the Devil Dog (green chiles, jalapenos, sriracha, onions) but when vegetarian chili is available the Mac Daddy (mac n cheese & chili) is going to happen.Congrats to the owners on such success!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,9/10/2013,1078,310,6,7,8>I love Goldies! Its like the "Cheers" of Scottsdale, but everybody doesn't know my name there yet.  Gotta try the Goldaritas. Great place for happy hour, and to watch a game. Can get crowded, hard to find a seat at the bar. Tip- pretty decent buffalo wings
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/9/2013,288,347,6,14,8>A new top of the Pho list for me.30 Flavors of Boba for starters sold me right out the gates.  I had the Lychee Boba and it was bomb.Also ordered the crispy egg roll which was much bigger than normal which is a plus hopefully they keep them that size it's well worth the value.  Full of flavor and very crispy.Last but not least the Pho.... The broth was clear like it should be also very nice flavor before even adding all my sauces and herbs.  Overall this place is awesome and it's close to work so I see myself here at least bi-weekly.  They have only been open 3 weeks so far so I am sure it's going to get busier soon as it is the best around this area.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2009,8/22/2009,446,326,13,14,14>Good wings, the perfect size, only missing the "crisp" factor for my tastes. Spice was spot on as was the proper side of celery and blue cheese dressing. Although ranch IS available it is a crime against humanity. Sampled several beers one of them the orange blossom vanilla. Tasty for certain, but I prefer my beer to taste like, well, beer. The Irish red was a nice brew as well as the Belgian white. All in all I can see myself returning here for HH as the beers on tap were a mere $3.71 , quite the bargain for this quality of brew. They also have a vast  selection both on tap and in bottles. Love the concept of being able to grab a bottle and have the tender pop it open. I think they could trim down the monk plaster mascot party down to one and shove him in the corner. He takes up valuable drinking space, although this place is pretty big, but he also creeps me out a tad.Service was friendly and with a smile, even though there was only one tender for the whole joint. Mind you it was not crowded, but enough people there to cause a hiccup, but I noticed none. Looking forward to checking this joint out both at HH again and later in evening as well.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,8/21/2009,367,544,10,16,16>I know there is a danger in going to restaurants on their first night, but all things considered I think Moira delivered. The red miso soup was incredibly flavorful, and plentiful at $6 for a crock that is easily large enough for 4 or more to share. I snuck a few bites of Christine and Myles' ika sansei squid salad which I enjoyed and would order on a future visit. We ordered several rolls and I found each to be well rolled and the fish fresh. We tried a Fuji, Philly, and Sakura and each one was great. The other rolls ordered at our table looked equally amazing and I cannot wait to try more of their specialty rolls. (That's not to say the "traditional" roll we ordered wasn't good, it was, but they have a lot of really inventive specialty rolls). The specialty rolls are reasonably priced in a range of $10-13. We did order from the hot kitchen (yaki itame) which I thought was just your basic Chinese dish, with basic flavors. With so many sushi options I'm not sure that I would order the hot dishes regularly. One thing that I do think they do well is portions, the speciality rolls, soup, and entrees were all well sized. My husband sampled a karma martini, which he really liked. They serve the martinis out of the shaker table side, which is always a nice touch, but they should think about using smaller shakers because the regular shakers are slightly cumbersome in the tight space and resulted in some inconsistent pours at our table. One of the big hits of the night were their sake bombers- for $9 you get a 22 oz Asahi and mini carafe of sake. Three drinks can easily be made of this. The atmosphere was fun, with blue and red lighting throughout and exposed brick. The space has a warehouse feel to it and executes it well in comparison to other places. There is a large sushi bar, as well as various tables in the long, skinny space. I found it to be somewhat loud, but could easily be cozy on a slower night. Although the chairs look like they may not be comfortable, I loved them! Our service was a little off, but I attribute that to first night jitters. Our party of 8 ordered a lot of sushi and when the rolls arrived they were on one large platter that was difficult for us to share at a long table. This was confounded by the fact that we had to try to figure out what each roll was since our server wasn't sure. (Granted it's the first night and the place was packed, I assume that this will come with time). Even though the service was obviously hectic because of opening night, the owner Linda was more than gracious and was running around making sure everything was running as smoothly as possible and patrons were happy.  I would love to see Moira offer a Happy Hour, I'm not sure if they do but I didn't see any information about it.  I anticipate that you will find us at Moira often! Thank goodness for sushi downtown, now all we need is a tapas place!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,8/20/2009,171,163,16,17,17>The other day I was reading my past reviews when i relized that I never reviewed Fez! I couldn't believe it!! So I decided to wait for a VERY special occasion to give my review... and what better occasion is there than my 100th review?! And then came the next problem... which Fez experience do I share? Do I talk about the first time I went to Fez? Last summer when I went to my first Yelp Elite event where I first met their Sweet Potato Fries? That are so fresh and crispy and sweet and salty at the same time with their honey mustard type sauce? I remember those trays were vanishing before my eyes! I also can't forget the Fez kirsa with it's barbequed sauced grilled chicken, pears and cilantro melted on a large flatbread with manchego cheese. Or do I talk about the time I caught brunch at Fez? I had the ever amazing Fez burger! I feel in love with their savory angus burger layered with pear and cheese on a chibatta bun, best lunch ever - even if the salad that it comes is a little on the bitter side. My cousin had the breakfast pasta. A bowl of sausage, peppers, onions, bacon melded together with scrambled eggs and finished off with parmesan cheese. My sister really enjoyed her Douxelle Burger with it's chibatta bun, angus beef, mushrooms, onions, provolone cheese, mustard and tomatos. What about the yelp happy hour at Fez? Where my good buddy Robert M. introduced me to their pomegrantini... make it double pleez! Loves it.... I also tried their habanero poppers... sweet, spicy, creamy and crunchy at the same time! They're off menu ya'll but they are ALWAYS what I look forward to! just don't touch your eyes after popping one! Oh and their hummus!! Garlicky creamed chikpeas with olive oil and served with warm kisra. So delish! And then there was the time I went to Fez for Queer Christmas. The queens were abound trading vinyl copies of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's Sings and a photo session with tranny santy with yours truely behind the lens! That was such an awesome night, but it wouldn't have been as amazing if it weren't for the crazy-awesome bartenders who were keeping them coming!Or what about the time I went for my beloved Thomas' birthday party? We were tossing back Tommitinis all night long! I introduced all of ya'll to my good friend who helped me to break the ice with some strangers and helped me to attack a platter of their Rosemary Chicken Sandwiches... we drunkenly immersed ourselves in its goodness!! Rosemary/lemon marinated grilled chicken topped with pesto, artichokes and bell peppers. It was so good, I took some home!!That event inspired me to give the Casablanca Chicken Sandwich a try when my mom and I happened to drop by for dinner one day. She really liked her fez lettuce wraps but found them difficult to eat... "It's so long! I can't fit it in my mouth!" she exclaimed... "Ummm... that's usually a good thing mom!" was my smart ass retort. lol... once she figured it out, happily declared them better than P.F. Chang's! haha!! Aren't moms cute?! I liked the Casablanca Sandwich, I found that the grilled chicken, goat cheese, pears, cherries and other various greens on a chibatta buns go VERY well with Fez's S&P fries. A combo, I think shouldn't ever be separated! Yup... I'm not sure which experience I'll write about in my yelp review! All I know is that everytime I leave Fez I'm stuffed and eliated that I went, and that ain't the booze talking! One of the best things about Fez is that even though it's uber-slick and crazy-mod in decor... it still feels like home! I go and I know I'll see a friend... or atleast someone I drunkenly hit on inbetween drink orders! My ONLY complaint is that sometimes the servers need to be reminded of what you just asked for. I once ran out of the sauce for the sweet potato fries and needed to ask for some three times before I got it. Another thing I'll need to think of when I do write my Fez review... is what is my message going to be to my yelpers? I think I'll say something like... Hurry up and GO! What has been keeping you?! Sure it's uber-sleekness may seem cold at first, but once you sit down and get comfortable, it becomes home. Give the sweet potato fries a go and try the Fez burger - you won't regret eaither! The people there are very cool and of course there's THOMAS!! The host with the most! Always with something crazy to say. He keeps the party rockin'! If there's ONE thing you need to know about Fez it's that you are about to have a good meal. Yup... I think I'll write something along those lines! I unno... whatcha'll think?
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,8/19/2009,480,193,16,24,18>I'm not biased because it was my wedding reception and I was half  responsible for picking it out (well, 40%, no, more like 23%), but this was seriously the best wedding cake I've ever had.The cake itself was BEYOND 5 STARS - it was a multi teired beauty on a white wrought iron triple platform, simply smothered in fresh strawberries, blueberries, and rasberries.  So YUM.  The cake and frosting were an excellent consistency and perfectly not-too-sweet.The only thing holding back the last star was an unfortunate situation during the select-your-cake appointment, where the previous appt ran long, and even though it was the customer's fault, not the cake-lady's, cake-lady didn't really do anything to try to speed them up, and her pained glances in our direction did not make us feel any better about sitting there listening to 3 humungous women ask to try each and every sample in the entire building.  Fleur De Lis seems very mom-and-pop-ish, but this I did not confirm.  They are affiliated with the Embassy (Fountain) Suites at Greenway as the one of the bakers from which you may choose your cake that is included with the wedding package, so we weren't sure what we'd be getting.But the cake was a big hit; I don't remember a single person not loving it, and we had to scramble to get the top put away for saving before everybody gobbled it all up.I'll try to remember to add a pic because it was truly spectacular.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,8/18/2009,218,116,16,15,16>So met my best friends in the world, Z and Dally, here for lunch today. I drove the 33 miles to Mesa in order to try a sub that I have been told is amazing. So, having trusted Z on many a thing and as he would tell you, always trust him when it comes to food, I was gleefully happy at the end of my eating experience. There are a lot of subs to choose from and it took me about 5 minutes to finally decide on the La Canna. Salami and ham with provolone and olives. Get it on the garlic-herb bread. Have the happy dude behind the counter throw on some spicy mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion, oil & vinegar, Parmesan, and oregano. The sub is toasted and doesn't shred the rough of your mouth, which happens to me quite frequently. I was still not satiated after this sub, so I split the White Widow with Z. Marinated chicken, bacon, provolone and ranch dressing. Again another great sub. The employees were all in a good mood. Not sure if that was herb induced or not, but it was pleasant. Phylis behind the register was particularly kind. She came complete with the stereotypical stoner laugh. She's cute. It was totally worth the drive and I will be back in the future to try something else.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,8/17/2009,8,8,5,9,7>Yelp did me right and I am very satisfied with my hair services at The Root!  Based on the salon's other 5 star reviews, I scheduled my color and cut with the lovely Emily Claire.   We discussed my hair and what I had in mind.  I wanted a heavy fringe and a nice dark brown color to cover those pesky grays.  She suggested a 2 part color service which would cover the grays and also leave my hair shiny and healthy.  The Italian line of hair color they carry is so cool-it feels minty tingly when on the scalp..very invigorating.  She suggested a deep conditioning treatment for my hair...best $25 bucks I've ever spent.  My hair looked/felt awesome and the cut was exactly what I had envisioned.  She blew me out, took a flat iron over it and voila...a very chic and stylish coif that I absolutely love :)   Oh, Emily Claire also gave me some samples of the shampoo and conditioner that she suggested for my hair.  She also sent me a very sweet thank you card...now how rare and fabulous is that!!?!?!?!The Root?  I'm diggin' it :)
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,8/16/2009,130,53,7,9,8>First let me say, that as a straight guy, I'm always a little apprehensive about going to gay bars for karaoke.  I know! I know! But my wife and I enjoy singing and have found it difficult to find places with decent sound systems that also have a decent catalogue of music, so I deal with it.  I've been to Kobalt twice now, the first time with my wife, and last night with a group of friends.  We had a lot of fun both times.  The music selection is one of the best we've found, although the sound system can be a little "off".  Sometimes the feedback can get a little strong on the wireless microphones.  I guess we're just spoiled by our regular karaoke haunt, and our hostess who mixes the music so you sound really good.  Here, it's just you and music baby!I have to say, the crowd at Kobalt is really different (in a good way) than some of the other bars in town.  The patrons are very friendly, and very respectful (well, everyone except for the guy that told our friend she was built like a "Brick Sh!thouse!"  I'm pretty sure he was just trying to tell her in his own way that she looked very lovely, which she did).  But seriously, that was a one-off and you get those in every crowd.   The bartender is really nice, very attentive, and remembered what we ordered from last week.  Huge props and huge tips!  The Karaoke host is great.  Works in new singers in a timely fashion and makes sure everyone has a good time.  There's been a lot of talk about the smell of popcorn in previous reviews.  It's true; they have a popcorn machine by the patio door.  I've never tried it, but there's only been crumbs left when we got there both times so I guess it goes good with beer, apple martini's or whatever your choice of drink may be. I didn't find the smell overwhelming though, as some have said.As for the catalogue, they have plenty to choose from.  You'll find a nice selection of country, rock, and of course...Showtunes!  You're almost guaranteed to hear Rent, Phantom, All that Jazz and plenty of old standards by Sinatra and the rest of the Pack.  FTW!It was a little difficult to find at first, but if you drive around to the North side of the building, you can park under the structure and you'll see the sign in the breezeway.  I give Kobalt 4 out of 5 stars only because they don't have karaoke on a night when I don't have to get up early for work the next morning.  If you're ever in the neighborhood, check it out!
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,8/15/2009,736,547,20,15,13>Los Olivos how could I ever cheat on you! I am ashamed to say I've been stepping out on you and visiting other washes.. I'm sorry but they were closer, faster, less expensive, and some even had tacos. I've learned my lesson, you give the best hand jobs in town. Your staff is friendly, your store has great magazines to peruse through, and I could even get my shoes shined... I'll never cheat again.. I've learned my lesson, your quality work is worth the drive and the wait.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,8/14/2009,752,378,10,14,12>Well what do my wondering eyes see in the mall, as my kiddos and I are taking a mall walk ,...GELATO !!  Of course my girls have now been trained properly to say "well we have to stop"...good girls! In the food court of Paradise Valley Mall is a cute little gelato  dare I say spot. Imagine that in the midst of the  average, typical , unoriginal , even pedestrian mall   is a little "new" gelato stand with lots of flavors and some beautiful sorbets.The Mango sorbet  looked so fresh and bursting with favor that I thought  I might even give up gelato and have it ..not . Are you kidding me...?We liked the  all the flavors , especially "Donatella" ( like the Versace)  which had a great hazelnut flavor , actually they had several hazelnut /chocolate flavors which was kind of surprising. We also liked the dark chocolate very rich and decadent...mmm. My favorite tonight was Dulce de Leche , very sweet and satisfying .Price was a bit much which was kind of weird considering it wasn't earth shaking but just good and tasty. But if you happen to be in the mall give yourself a treat and check it out!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2009,8/13/2009,177,185,17,16,16>Where else can one have an impromptu dance off with a drunkard and hold up the juke box just for the hell of it? The HH, as referred to by an infamous crew of Yelpers, is a walk on the very wild side. Be warned, this place aint pretty and you'll probably be wondering what the hell you are doing there in the first place. Then without warning you're sucked into the insanity, doing things way out of character. Well at least I did. Hmmm, must have been something in the Chocolate Cake. Yes, they serve Cake!Beer is cheap; plenty of pool tables, darts, juke box, and good for crazy people watching.   The men's restroom is freaking disgusting. Come on guys, poop goes in the toilet. Try not the break the seal and you'll be fine.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,5/21/2007,16,90,2,4,2>A few years back and before this place popped up in Old Town, I spent a week in New York City.  Having studied my trusty Fodor's guide (pre-Yelp era, of course), I knew that one of the most well-regarded pizza dinners awaited me under the Brooklyn Bridge on Old Fulton St.  Walking there, my friends and I met a lonely drifter who followed behind the group, promising not to stab us.  He just wanted some company.We found Grimaldi's, said goodbye to our shady new friend, and had a delicious meal.  At the time, I didn't know if I really enjoyed the food or I just really enjoyed that I was eating it under the Brooklyn Bridge in New York City.  I just knew that the restaurant found itself near the top of my "things to tell my friends back home about my trip even though they are just nodding politely waiting for me to finish" list.Less than a year later, I'm driving down Scottsdale Road and I see the sign.  No way!  The same Grimaldi's?!  My girlfriend and I had to try it again.Same result.  Delicious brick-oven pizza.  Great atmosphere.  Great wine list.Another time, I went there for my birthday and they put our group in the "Patsy Room."  If you want a quieter and more separated dining experience, ask about it.  I thought it was nice.  There are some other locations around town, but this one is my favorite.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,5/20/2007,88,273,1,3,2>this place ROCKS! my bro's friend owns it and we had the pleasure of stopping by before our flight out of phoenix airport. sushi chef and owner, rich cho aka "roll-meister", uses fresh ingredients and creates mouth-watering inventive rolls. we didn't order off the menu and just let him prepare the rolls for us. my favorite was the spicy tuna stuffed in jalapeno's. YUMMY!!!! *drool*...he seriously dominates all the other sushi joints in the area (probably because he's from the bay and we know what good food is)! he even mentioned how being a sushi chef = psychologist to those sitting at the sushi bar...so true! cute tidbit: the regulars they get their own real chopsticks (not disposable) and is brought out when they come in. if you're in the area....this place is a must!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2007,5/19/2007,367,544,,4,3>The previous reviewers reviewed brunch and lunch- so I'll review dinner!Cinco de Mayo brings craziness to Old Town Scottsdale and we popped in here to escape it.  (I think I was lured by the classic rock they were pumping out of the speakers...)  As soon as we walked in the bartender greeted us and we were seated with menus.  The decor and ambiance of the restaurant is great- beautiful glass and iron chandeliers and bright colors.  They have an amazing tequila list- no Cuervo here!- which my husband appreciated very much. We had three tapas plates for dinner, which in some places wouldn't be enough to fill you up, but here it worked.  All three were fantastic, especially the Churassco. We also got the Shrimp Barbados and the Double Dip.  The crab fondue with the Double Dip was delicious, especially when eaten with the cucumbers.  The hummus as a little bit of a punch to it so be careful!  The prices were very reasonable for tapas and you can't beat $5 margaritas. I very much enjoyed Carumba Cafe and I definitely plan on returning.  I think the next trip may be for brunch....
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2007,5/18/2007,636,642,4,4,6>Dear Sonic,  Why all the commercials in Los Angeles when the only place I have EVER seen you is in Arizona?  I love Sonic.  It's a great fast food place, with classic drive up windows and servers that come and skate your order to your car.  Their fries are always crispy and salty the way I like them and their chicken strips are exactly what they need to be.They always seem to have some sort of milk shake for any occasions, such as Valentine's (raspberry/cherry) or St. Patrick's Day (mint).  I wish they would open a Sonic over here because I can't think of any reason in the near future to go back to Arizona.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/17/2007,47,130,,3,2>This was one of the first Mexican food places I tried when I first moved to AZ ten years ago.  Back then I knew nothing, now I see that I was lucky to have been taken somewhere that would really get me interested in trying more Mexican restaurants.Well after about 8 years I went back last night and had it again and I was impressed.  The beans were a little bland but that is about the only complaint I have.  The salsas were fresh and delicious as was the tortilla on my fish burrito. I could have just eaten a couple of the tortillas with the salsa.   My boyfriend got three hard shell beef tacos and it was only $3.49 and it came with chips. So not only was it tasty, it was cheap.  It is close to the freeway so even though I don't live very close I will be going back soon.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2007,5/16/2007,3,93,,4,1>We went and were really surprised at how good the food was. J got a "seafood clay pot" and I got the "Ginger Duck". We also got the "Shreded Pork roll". The Pork rolls were amazing - hands down one of the tastiest things i've had in a while. Turns out that my husband could not eat them due to the peanuts hiding in there, (note to Allergy people) but he got a good taste of it and agreed that it was good. His dinner was the best - the "seafood" having the right consistancy (something that felt like squid, a "shrimp" that was very close to shrimp flavor, and something that I swear tasted like the chinese sasuage from my youth - yummm!) and the sauce tasty and not too salty. My Ginger duck was too salty - the consistancy was ok, but the salt was just too much. After dinner, we ordered the Flan (which was the main reason that we came here in the first place). Sadly, like many veg/vegan restaurants, the dessert was awful. I think the "flan" was agar agar with some applejuice and some brown rice syrup. It was WAY TOO SWEET and looked (and felt) just like snot. Totally non appetising - icky jellowish texture. Service was a bit slow..but I think they view it as "laid back". The atmosphere was lacking as well - bright lights, cafeteria feel. I'd higly suggest for them to bring in more plants, paint the walls something other than pale pink, and tone down those overhead lights. This is not a date spot - just a good place for tasty food.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2007,5/15/2007,619,439,3,3,1>A few years ago I started working for a company based out of Arizona. Our orientation brought us to Phoenix. It was hot. Like Africa hot! Our hosts live in the area and took us to the Rustler's Rooste for dinner. The decor while gold-rush themed, was very contemporary in a gold-rush kind of way. The staff were very pleasant and friendly. We sat outside on this beautiful Phoenix night. It was 8 PM and must have been 110 degrees. I noticed as we drove around that everything in Phoenix was air-conditioned. I'm glad my hotel room had AC. I bet if everyone in Phoenix turned on their AC and opened their doors, Phoenix would be a lot cooler. Just a thought. Picture a Hawaii boy in shorts and t-shirt in Phoenix at night, sweating. It reminded me of Hawaii without the humidity. If they had a pool and hula dancers, it would have been perfect! The food was wonderful! But the best part was the Fry Bread. Yes say it with me, "Fry Bread." One more time, F_R_Y B_R_E_A_D! It's the next best thing since sliced bread. OMFG! This night changed my life forever. I'm now a certified Fry-Bread-making-fool! Thank you Rustler's Rooste! 5 stars for the F_R_Y  B_R_E_A_D. Oh and Phoenixians, try the AC and open door thing and let me know how that works out for ya.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,5/14/2007,2178,528,13,18,16>May 19, 2008THIS IS NOW CALLED TOTTIE'S ASIAN FUSION. SAME FABULOUS OWNERS. EXPANDED DIGS. MORE SUSHI. Can't wait to check it out!Bland strip mall location does not equal bland experience. Do not be leary of an Asian restaurant that covers Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese cuisine. Normally that would scare me off. The room is full of well kept plants and the obligatory bamboo plants. The staff is uber friendly. This is probably due to the owners who go out of their way to know regulars names. I hadn't been there in months and Tottie remembered both me and my partners names. You MUST have the Tottie Spring Rolls....perfectly fried thin skinned yet plumply filled rolls served with large leaves of lettuce, fresh mint and cilantro along with fish sauce. The cool of the produce with the hot of the roll is so yummy I eat four and my partner eats four. I love the Thai section so far. I don't remember the name of what I've ordered recently but it had the best "fun" noodles with veggies and chicken....dee lish!The owner/chef checks on tables, is a dee lite and extremely personable lady. The menu is large and deserves exploring. Also a must order is an appetizer of chicken served over a fire with sugar sticks. Unreal. This is truly a warm and loving place.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,5/12/2007,9,104,,3,2>It was thanks to the Yelp reviews here that I realized Essence was not just a coffeehouse and bakery, but an interesting restaurant. The decor is pretty non-existent, but the food was something else.I ordered the Greek platter, and instead of finding myself in front of a huge plate, Essence's version was slighter in size but more provocative in taste. The Spanakopita and grape leaves were excellent, the bread was that perfect mix between crunchy and soft, and I don't think I've ever had better humus. I mean, this humus had complex flavor notes! I ended my meal nicely full.I chatted with the server and the chef--who apparently studied cooking in France--for a bit; real nice people, and Essence deserves extra points for their philosophy of using environmentally-friendly and local ingredients down to their menus. I agree with Kristin that it's odd to not only tip up front, but be asked about it too. That aside, kudos all around. I was told they are having a bit of problem building a dinner crowd, so give 'em a try. It's not uber-cheap, but you're paying for quality, guys.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2007,5/11/2007,32,32,3,6,5>what is it with me and pricey phoenix hotels? i swear i don't just give out fives willy nilly or do i have any particular adoration for phoenix.  (sorry phx.) I went to the Valley Ho on an amazing business trip that involved rock stars and the Oakland Athletics, which happen to be my favorite team. it was downright magical. the decor was fantastic, the rooms were huge, with huge tubs, a poolside patio and a comfy chaise lounge. the flatscreen TV had an iPod doc! yaaaaay! (why don't more hotels do this?) the pool was phenomenal. i sat around for days on couches drinking bloody mary's and frozen drinks. the lobby bar had a deadly but wonderful drink called the stardust. The trader vic's attached isn't so hot, but i generally liked all the food i got from the pool bar and the restaurant ZuZus. (room service too- they make their own english muffins!!!)If i'm comparing it to the royal palms, the other phoenix resort i raved about, it's tough. Royal Palms is better for chilling and families; Valley Ho is better for singles. Royal Palms is your wedding; Valley Ho the bachelorette party. Valley Ho had better food and more style, but Royal Palms had a bit more to it and better service. Really, you can't go wrong with either. What is it about Phoenix hotels??? all i know is i am no longer groaning when i'm sent on a business trip there!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,11/12/2014,329,174,11,13,12>I've been coming here for awhile and I love this place. It's all about the food and the freshens of the noodles. Don't come here thinking about great atmosphere, decor, or service. This place is all about the good. Fresh noodles. The place is very casual and either you pick  a table or they will pick a table for you. The table already has a bunch of chop sticks and soup spoons stack on each table with paper napkins for your liking. The servers there speak mostly Chinese but can speak English. Sometimes you have to repeat yourself to make sure they got the order right. I always order the seafood noodles with shrimp, squid, and fish balls. It has cabbage, carrots, onions. I have order the different noodle types. Usually order the normal or thick noodles but any noodles you order are always good. They have four or five different noodles you can choose from. Oh yes, the pan fried dumplings are huge. It comes with eight in an order. They are so juicy and always cooked perfectly. I always have to order their dumplings. I think they are probably the best that I've found in Arizona or California. It's that good. Overall, I love this noodle place and have no problem coming here all the time cause the noodles are so fresh. Yum yum. Enjoy
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,11/11/2014,73,90,4,9,6>Elmer's is a randomly delicious hole-in-the-wall Mexican food spot that has been in downtown Chandler for roughly one million years. My family started going to Elmer's when we moved to Chandler from Milwaukee, Wisconsin about 20 years ago. I can safely say that it was my first experience of more "authentic" Mexican food, as the stuff we had in the Midwest seemed to have been made by people who had ONLY seen pictures of Mexican food, but had not actually tasted the real thing. (the Mexican restaurant of choice in WI during my childhood was called, unironically and naively, Chi-Chis... no joke) That said, I have great memories of this place! It is tiny, tucked into a small strip immediately opposite Chandler high school. There is a parking lot in the back that can be difficult to navigate when it is crowded. There is a decent patio, however I never end up sitting out there as the tables and benches are made of concrete, which feels like lava during the hotter 7 months of the year. The interior is not particularly special, but also has not changed a bit since I first visited; the furniture looks like it may have been inherited from a McDonalds or other fast food restaurant from the 80s, the floors are linoleum (I think? Maybe tile), and there are fairly cheesy murals of cartoony animals throughout. There is a wrought iron waist-high fence that indicates where to form a line, and a counter where the orders are taken. The menu is done in old-school marquis style, with plastic letters attached to the backing. If you're looking for something in particular, be sure to look at ALL of the menu boards - they have a large menu that stretches all the way behind the long counter, above the kitchen, it is not very well lit, and it is easy to miss something if you only pay attention to the boards that are immediately in front of you and easy to see. I have a few "go to" items - the Strips are oddly yummy... tortilla strips (in lieu of chips) topped with unmelted shredded cheese. Weird, right? They're crazy salty and for some reason, in the hot Chandler weather, the cool cheese with the crunchy chips usually hits the spot. Adding a dab of their hot sauce here and there (also very salty) adds a little heat and flavor when needed. The Cheesy Beef Tortilla is basically the one thing that I order here - not because other stuff isn't good, but because the Cheesy Beef Tortilla is just THAT good. It is a large tortilla (probably about 12" in diameter) filled with Green Machaca Shredded Beef, lots of cheese, tomatoes, and onions, then broiled. It is folded first in half, then in quarters and is usually a "knife and fork" sort of thing. In theory it is like a quesadilla, but in practice it is softer, fuller of delicious stuff, and just tastier overall. They do a good job with their Machaca - very flavorful, good meat (not too fatty, which is a problem I often find with shredded beef in Mexican food) I've also tried tacos, fry bread, burritos, etc - all good, at least standard if not better than most. Pricing is reasonable in my book. On a recent visit we got a Cheesy Beef Tortilla, Two Tacos, Two Drinks, and an order of Strips for around $12. The line/order/wait scenario is a bit of a pain sometimes - I visited on a weekend midafternoon and there were one or two people in front of me in line, which was not bad. However, once you order, you have to wait to hear your number called and pick up your food from the end of the counter. I think we probably waited upwards of 15 minutes for our food to be ready, and it was difficult to entertain the baby while also listening attentively for my number. I think they could definitely improve by creating a table-number setup for dine-in orders so that guests could take a seat, snack on their strips, etc while waiting for their food. The staff are pretty nice - not overwhelmingly friendly but they made things easy and had kind demeanors.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,11/10/2014,266,1123,8,12,13>The BF and I went to Nobuo last night for the first time with a local dines deal. The place is cute, it's an old house and you sit in one of many small rooms.  As we were seated, we overheard some other people complaining about their experience...uh oh. So, needless to say, I was a little worried. We ordered a whole bunch of things to share. We got the sugar snap peas, the fried and stuffed squash blossom, a special that was fried octopus balls (as in they were in a ball shape....stop being dirty :-P) , the sea bass and mushrooms wrapped in a pouch of sorts, and another special which was local chicken 3 ways. I also got a cocktail, the grog, and we shared the mousse for dessert (it was a pretty indulgent night). Here's the breakdown:Sugar snap peas: this was not my fave, but the BF liked it a lot. It was a little fishy and served cold, and I just didn't totally love it, but he ate it all. Fried squash blossom: I loved this dish! It was stuffed with goat cheese, was light and crunchy, and I thought it was soooo delicious. The BF didn't like it, but he's a goat cheese hater. Octopus balls: The garlicky sauce was good, the breading was good, octopus has a weird texture, but overall, I liked it, they did the best they could I think with this odd ingredient. Sea bass: This was the star of the show...the sea bass was not fishy. It fell apart. It was savory and delicious. The mushrooms were luscious, earthy, and added tons of flavor to the fish....I could eat this fish any day of the week...so yummy. Chicken 3 ways: Again, this was pretty delicious. The chicken was served: panko fried, wasabi grilled, and marinated in a soy onion mixture. The panko fried was good, but pretty expected. The wasabi grilled was awesome, I could feel the spice in my nose and the chicken was so moist, but the clear winner on the plate was the onion soy chicken....oh em gee.... this had such a wonderful savory and sweet flavor. The grog: This cocktail was strong! But it had a nice honey and orange flavor....definitely worth the 11$ because one was certainly enough. The Mousse: oh so chocolately and creamy...the green tea ice cream complemented it very well (and I do not care for green tea desserts). We were told that the secret behind this (and don't read this if it might ruin your experience) is that they use tofu in it to give it that silky texture...brilliant!Overall, I really enjoyed our meal there and would definitely go back again (although I would order a little less cuz we were stuuuuuffed).
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,11/9/2014,91,179,5,11,8>This section of Tempe has received a glut of Greek restaurants in the past year. Within a 2 mile radius there's  Niro's, Tzikii's, Café Greco and one other I can't remember the name of.  This place is solid! Yes, they are a little pricey but they are good. Aesthetically speaking this is probably one of the nicest Greek restaurants I've been too, everything is very clean. Their cash register is actually an IPad with Swype attached to it which is a little weird and cool all at the same time. Their side Greek salad is very proudly prepared, I hate when the side Greek salad sucks, but this one had all the fixins (olives, pepperoncini's, onions, feta, tomatoes, cucumbers). The Gyros are made to order, the meat is literally cut right off of the spit in front of you. I can't wait to make my way through the rest of the menu. I think this restaurant will be able to strongly compete against the other Greek restaurants in the area.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,11/8/2014,155,134,16,18,23>Most delicious Cupcakes I've had in the state of Arizona!!! An amazing morning bun too!!It's all organic and an ever so fresh delight!! Not only cupcakes, they also offer cookies, morning buns and cakes plus more!On top of that, they were winners on Cupcake Wars, how legit is that??!! Truly legit,  that's right!!! Another wonderful insight on this bake shop is that their incredibly community driven by supporting local charities, they support local organizations and are family owned and for the most part family operated too!!     Amazing!! Not too many of those around!! But truly try for yourself, this place is so amazingly great and delicious!! Forget about any sort of diet and indulge yourself on a cupcake or an ever so great morning bun!! YUM!!!! You will never regret it!! Thank me later :)
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/7/2014,347,134,23,19,19>I found Cookies from Home due to my Yelping friend Shakira's check in!I wanted to get some cookies to cheer up my new friend ;-)Great customer service & free samples brought me back in. Cookies so good it must be a sin!My favorite the Cranberry orange & Omg the Pumpkin.And now what a fan I am!I'll never again be a girl that's thin..Be wearing pajama jeans by year's end I'll be the Yelping Dutchess by my next check in!!Loving Cookies from Home they're my new best friendand Shakira Shakira!
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,11/6/2014,231,1069,26,30,29>Tucked away in the strip mall, this small Cuban bakery has been overlooked and undervalued by many who don't frequent the area or knows very little about the cuisine. Once inside, there are only six small tables. The red tablecloths, glass dessert counter, tiled floors, and bright natural lighting coming through the doors nicely accentuated the décor. Fellow Yelper Kurdy S and I were the only non-Spanish speaking customers during this afternoon. Like many of the nearby restaurants, the atmosphere was fitting as a casual lunch spot.For appetizer, we shared the Tostones Rellenos de Roja Villeja ($4.49). The plate came with four fried green plantains holding a small scoop of tender shredded beef on top. The plantains had great texture on the outside to add to the soft green banana flavor on the inside. The beef was tender, flavorful, complex, and very nicely seasoned. I can eat these all day long.We also had a side order of Plantanos Maduro Fritos ($2.49) that came with soft bananas served piping hot, perfectly fried, and sweet. It was nicely glazed, but also unexpectedly oily. Next, the Cuban Sandwich ($6.95) came with shredded beef, ham, and mustard. The bread had an awesome crunch with an excellent secondary chew. The sandwich was big enough to share and the dish also came with French fries. The way they kept it simple without all the fillers made this one of the best Cuban Sandwiches I've had so far.Finally, the Filete a la Plancha ($9.99) came with a big serving of grilled sole, black bean rice, and salad. The sole was fresh, moist, tender, and had good flavor but slightly over salted. The black bean rice had great flavor and moisture--much better than the one at Victor's 1959 Café. The lightly dressed salad provided a nice change of pace to the sole.Antithetical to the cuisine's longstanding stereotype of being bland, this place simply rocks. Service however, was friendly but also inattentive, offbeat, and at times awkward. For instance, the food and bill took forever to come, and our water was never refilled even though the restaurant was not busy. Despite the shortcomings, interested diners should still come for the impressive lineup of dishes and great prices. I'd be very interested in coming back to try their other seafood and chicken items followed by their great looking desserts.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,11/5/2014,205,441,5,10,7>Surprised I have failed to write a review for this place! We have been here a couple of times. The first time was with my sisters when they came for a visit and the second was with a school reunion group.  The second visit we were fortunate enough to be there for the Chihuly exhibit, which was just amazing to see, especially when it started to get darker outside and everything was lit up from various angles.  The park itself is well structured and has multiple pathways that you can wind yourself through and get lost in the surroundings. They have a variety of native desert plant life and multiple areas have signs with information and most plants have name signs so you know what you are looking at as you go.The staff here has always been friendly and helpful when we went. The second visit we had, we needed to pick up "will-call" tickets for the rest of the group, and they had a well-organized system and ID'ed us to ensure we could pick everything up.  Everything was handled very professionally and we were happy to have the event there on the grounds.Overall: AA definite must-see for a visit to the Phoenix area, and great exhibits throughout the year for the locals!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,11/4/2014,311,459,5,14,12>I've always enjoyed dining in this location in its previous incarnations and it seems that the dining pleasure will continue with this reboot. The new owners have done a good job with new decorative touches and with maintaining the bright spacious ambiance of the place. My yelp friends Rand, Scott, Monica, and I tried the Sunday lunch buffet and I thoroughly enjoyed pretty much everything I had. I started with mussels in a gingery herbal broth and proceeded to sample each of the main offerings - the flavorful pad thai, the delicious eggplant and tofu dish, the spicy curries, and other meat and vegetable dishes - all very good. The lively young hostess made sure that our water glasses were always filled and the dishes taken away as we went back to the serving area for more helpings. I'm looking forward to literally many happy returns to this restaurant.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,11/3/2014,1070,742,11,21,18>Meant to stop in for happy hour apps and cocktail, but instead tried their Restaurant Week $30 three-course menu (app, entree, and dessert) and a glass of house wine (cabernet or pinot grigio), or draft.  I decided to try the Goat cheese-stuffed Peppadews, the Malbec burger (comes with Salut fries), and Chocolate cake, with a glass of cabernet to compliment the burger.I've had peppadews stuffed with goat cheese before (at Fez), so I knew these would be tasty.  The peppers were raw (as opposed to the roasted peppadews at Fez, or that's how I recall them to be, anyway), so they added crunch to the experience, and were stuffed with a sweetened goat cheese filling, then sprinkled with herbs and drizzled with a very mild-tasting vegetable oil.  yelp.com/biz_photos/salu…  I ate two of the four peppadews (to pace myself for the coming burger and dessert...).I ordered the Malbec burger without mushrooms and tomatoes (allergies), and while Maham forgot to ask how I liked the temperature, she said she asked for medium ("red in the center"), but the burger arrived without any hints of pinkness at all.  However, it was still juicy and tender.  The bun was good- looked and tasted like it may be supplied from a local bakery.  Without the mushrooms and tomatoes to temper the sweetness from the caramelized onions, this burger tasted almost too sweet.  No matter- I just took a few Salut fries, shoestring fries topped with feta and parmesan, which leant the saltiness to counter the sweet onions.  Loved the citrus vinaigrette drizzle on the fries- YUM!  yelp.com/biz_photos/salu…For dessert, I had my choice of S'mores, cheesecake, or chocolate cake, and I almost can never say no to chocolate cake, especially when the description mentions a drizzle of both chocolate and white chocolate sauces, but as you can see, my dessert only came with a dark chocolate drizzle.  yelp.com/biz_photos/salu…  My sadness was only fleeting, as I tasted my first bite... oh, this cake tasted definitely of homemade dark chocolate batter, sauce, and ganache filling and frosting!  (No use of powdered sugar, cornstarch, or corn syrup- I asked!)  One of the best-tasting chocolate layered cakes I've tasted in a long time, complete with semi-sweet mini-chocolate chips on the outside edge...  Not very sweet, so I ate about half of it- oops!  :)I hadn't planned on participating in Restaurant Week this season, but I'm glad to be able to recommend Salut's participation.  Thank you, Salut and Maham, for making RW fun again!
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,12/12/2010,114,175,4,15,8>Well, Michael may not exactly want me to write that he has given away his knowledge and services for free but...I feel compelled to write about it because it gives you insight to his belief and value system as a business owner.I have not bought a computer from Michael (though I think the service package that he offers with each new computer is OUTSTANDING).  But he has given me so much advice as a new business owner/entrepreneur: from advertising, to computers, Facebook and social media, from bartering and funding sources, to organizations and people to know.He is a wealth of knowledge, and he is so happy to share it all because he believes in the local business owner.THAT is why I love RedSeven!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2010,12/11/2010,69,46,16,11,10>Once upon a time there was a restaurant named Vig. It lived in Arcadia.  It wanted to be cool, but was only half cool because it was constantly infiltrated by the evil clan of douche bags named Scottsdalians.  Then one day Vig met a better neighborhood called Cenpho/Uptown.  They fell in love and made a new Vig in a beautiful mid-century mod Bank in Uptown.  This new Vig was about a zillion times cooler.  Proof that sequels can be better than the original.  (Please see Back to the Future 2, Empire Strikes Back, or Evil Dead 2 for more confirmation of this.) Vig Uptown has an awesome Bocce Ball court in the restaurant.  The food is all good... Ask Juan Schwartz.   The drinks are all well poured.  The bar staff is excellent... They have Tito's handmade vodka in stock and its very well priced.  The crowd is way cooler and the valet's are always on point.  I am a regular at the Vig Uptown, you probably should be too. Oh, and if you live in the neighborhood, the Vig Rig will pick you up and take you home.  He works on tips only, so leave the ride at home and tip the Vig Rig instead of the valet... SO worth it.  ...And i lived happily ever after.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,12/10/2010,196,70,7,10,7>So is it awkward that I may have fallen in love with a 50 year old hispanic lady named Selena?You wouldn't think so if you met her and tasted her food at Mesquite Grill. I went there for lunch today after seeing it on Yelp's hottest restaurants and was very impressed. When I arrived it was empty so that is never a good sign. But Selena put my worries behind me. She recommended the combo platter which consisted of a carne asada taco, chicken taco, beans and rice. The tacos were out of this world. They weren't your typical street style tacos; they are so big they are almost like mini burritos. The rice and beans were good but nothing out of this world. Selena makes all the food fresh in the back and you can tell. If you are deciding between the Chipotle just across the parking lot or Sonora Mesquite...there is no question go say hi to Selena.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,12/9/2010,430,648,4,6,5>Peach mango froyo with fresh fruit = a satisfied tummy. The fruit is all very fresh and delicious and the yogurt is refreshing and cold which is perfect for the Arizona weather. I wish the girls that worked here were a little more friendly but still I will definitely be returning here in the future.
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,12/8/2010,50,103,6,9,8>Wow, this place is amazing. So amazing these words, "I never want a cupcake again" came out of my mouth after trying their Taro Milk Smoothie with Boba. It's true, I will never eat another cookie, cupcake, or piece of pie again if The Street is a viable option. The lady behind the counter was patient with our indecisive nature. She even let us sample a few items before making our final decision. We decided to split and share a smoothie since they are so large and we had just finished dinner. It was perfect, everything about it. Sucking those little balls up the straw is a real treat. I want to go back again tomorrow, and the next day, and the next. There is nothing wrong with this place except that it's so far from my house. I am willing to make the 30 minute drive again though if it means more Boba.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2010,12/7/2010,53,112,2,7,6>Mmmmm, the orange blossom beer is worth the trip every time. I dream of this beer. It's like if Blue Moon beer and an orange creamscicle had a baby. The food is also yummy too. Not your typical bar food which I like. My only complaint is that I wish they would serve a cheese dip with the big, soft pretzel instead of mustard. This place gets pretty packed and is loud, so don't expect to carry much of a conversation with anyone. I think this place is a good hang out spot that has a wonderful and large beer selection and great food. I just wish I would have frequented this place more often when I lived in the neighborhood.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,12/6/2010,120,162,9,9,8>After a brief hiatus with the Palo Verde, I returned.  For a while there, I was seeing the same people time and time again and I feared that I was becoming a regular so for months I stayed away.I came back over the weekend and I'm glad I did.  When you go to the PV, sometimes there's a band playing.  Man, the PV does not need a band to be playing there.  The place is tiny.  When people are dancing and singing and what have ya, the temperature inside increases by maybe fifteen degrees.  The humidity raises.  It's disgusting. Other times, the place is just too crowded with douchebags who scream, "WHOOH!" each time they do a shot, and of course they won't just do one.  No.  If you say whooh, chances are you like saying it and you're going to use any and every opportunity to say it.  You'll take a shot to say it, you'll put a song on the jukebox you like or meet eyes with an attractive girl.  Whooh!Saturday night, I feared that maybe these two options were in effect.  But, no.  It was dead and I sat there for a few hours with my sister and my friend and we kicked back, watching Dinocroc and then Dinocroc VS Supergator.  Unfortunately we missed Supergator by itself but we did see the ultimate VERSUS match.  I shot the shit with the bartender/owner Chuck for a bit.  I asked him how much he thought the movie Dinocroc cost to make and he said, "I dunno... not as much as E.T., not as much as Star Wars, but probably more than.... Blair Witch?"Chuck told me one time he tried call Domino's Pizza because he had the number memorized.  He fucked up on two numbers and accidentally called 1-800-Condoms  I convinced him to call 1-800-pee-on-me and he did.  I saw his face sour and he was like, "Ah, man, nice sound effects...."It's a great bar.  I love going there, it's just such a nice, chill atmosphere and the drinks are dirt cheap.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,12/5/2010,200,261,2,13,9>I have been to Pizzeria Bianco a few times now and have loved every visit! My trick is to get there around 4:15 (during months when the weather is nice), get in line, and send someone to the bar to grab drinks to make waiting in line a little bit more enjoyable.  Doors open at 5, you get in with the first seating and you're good to go.  Or, if you don't get in the first seating, you put your name on the list (maybe a 45-60 min wait) and you go find a table in the bar and order an appetizer.My first trip to Bianco, I was wondering if I would be able to tell if it really was better than the rest.  (Please note, this was several years ago when I was early in my "good pizza" knowledge).  For me, this pizza got better with every bite.  It went something like . . .First bite:  Yeah, this is good.Second bite:  Wow, I really like this sauce.Third bite:  Man, these tomatoes are really fresh!Fourth bite:  OK, I'm impressed, the sausage isn't greasy at all!The Wiseguy and the Margarita are my favorites.  Oh, and I really love that arugula one.  Ok, they are all great.  They have a great antipasto platter too!I understand that people are frustrated by the long wait and the small space.  What I don't understand are all of the demands or suggestions.  "Bianco needs to do something about the long wait.""They need to serve us faster.""They need a bigger space."They need to do this . . .They should really do that . . .The way I see it, they really don't have to do anything!  It seems to me their business is running quite well as it is.  If they choose not to open up more tables, or get a bigger space, or whatever it is, at the risk of lowering the quality of the food, then I have to respect that.Just my two cents.  Take it or leave it.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,12/4/2010,154,77,5,8,9>I love what this place is striving towards. Things I specifically love: 1) a stable, dependable, local outdoor farmer's market on Saturday and Wednesday - full of awesome local goods and repping the people who actually grow/make the stuff 2) a permanent building housing a stock of a selection of said goods, open most days of the week 3) although i'm already a locavore, discovering new sources for real food, like DoubleCheck Ranch's beef etc - i'm a huge fan! 4) the cool design and layout of the structure 5) a genuinely friendly atmosphere and helpful, if still learning, staff 6) the constantly fresh-roasted beans at the Royal Coffee Bar - hayes is the (somewhat effeminate) man! 7) a place to keep discovering new quirky local arts and foodstuffsI hope to give this 5 stars in the future. Here's what needs to happen: 1) be open on Sunday 2) expand your offerings and keep the shelves filled (i know this is a challenge) 3) have more ppl available to help ring up during busy times (market saturday, etc) 4) inspire more confidence that if i order a sammich, i'll get it before dinner (i haven't ordered one yet, but i'm scared to because i don't know who's gonna make it - i don't see anyone cooking stuff!)Ultimately, this is EXACTLY the kind of stuff phoenix needs in its efforts to  be the "real city" that everyone bitches it ain't. So if you want it to succeed and want more of this in phoenix's future, support it. Give constructive feedback. Buy real local food instead of the crap at most supermarkets. You have 3 choices: support, bitch or get stoned and order domino's
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2010,12/3/2010,346,210,4,5,7>I grew up in the neighborhood and for some reason I thought Chino Bandido was a buffet. I was way off! I can't believe I waited so long to eat here but I am a little worried about my addiction to their chile relleno burrito. I think Chino Bandido made a deal with the devil when they created the best chile relleno ever! Its not your average chile relleno made with an egg its more like a giant jalepeno popper. I get it every time I come here with a veggie quesadilla and top it off with their yummy salsa. I am also obsessed with the snickerdoodle cookies and I don't really like cookies. The ordering system is kind of weird but if you act like its your first time there they'll just fill it out for you ;)
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2008,3/14/2009,112,139,17,14,17>All the bad reviews have me puzzled. Most of the things complained about are things I see as a plus for this kind of bar. After all, it is a dive bar with a rowdy crowd. It's called Rogue. This isn't your grandpa's Snowbird Scottsdale and it isn't full of  douchebags with shiny shirts, with their blood full of anabolic steroids and their scrotum holding shrunken testicles, and fake tans, and girls with... ok some of them are surgically enhanced. Personally I don't have a problem with that...Try this as an exercise. Read the 2 star reviews. Look at the things being complained about, but turn the sentence, in your mind, into a praise instead. I picked out a great quote from one review... Think of this one in a positive instead of negative light and you'll get a whole different idea. "Not to mention if you want a free show of someone blowing someone else, screwing, fighting or snorting things this is THE place to be."HAHAHA. That's from a 2 star review. I dunno. It's a dive bar. To me, the fact that it's small, crowded, with cheap strong drinks, and people doing crazy shit is a plus. I don't hang out at bars on a regular basis. I go if there's a DJ I want to hear and want to get my boogie on, or if friends are going. Since most of my best friends live in other cities, it's not usually in AZ. I only drink to the point of being drunk once every other month or so. But.... When I want to go somewhere that is crazy and stupid and full of freaks, this is where I go. I feel a certain kinship with crazy stupid freaks.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,3/13/2009,177,185,23,22,24>Man-oh-man, this place is da bomb! The So and I came in on a Wednesday night after slamming a few Long Islanders at the bar next door, so we were geared up for some serious grubbing. We were seated immediately and greeted by our server Alberto. Wow, this guy had a golden personality and was working his station like a champ. He was making great conversation with every table and attended to us like royalty. We ordered the fried zucchini & mushroom plate and a medium pepperoni pizza. The friend zucchini and shrooms were very tasty and we were provided plenty of ranch for dipping. Our pizza was delivered to our table still bubbling and with a warning from Alberto, "Now you two take it easy, this pizza is Super HOT and I can tell you from experience because I no longer have the roof of my mouth, Enjoy". So I lifted the toasty-melty-saucy slice up to my face, hoisted it into my mouth, sank my fangs into it, and almost fainted with pleasure. I swear I could hear Lou Rawls singing in my ear as I worked my way down the slice to the crust. This was one hell of a Pizza and a great price to boot. Dinner (Appetizer, Pizza, and Root Beer) for two under 20 bucks. I may have to give in and be a repeat offender next week. Oh well, I'll just tell them the Devil made me do it.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2009,3/12/2009,334,224,1,9,9>I visited Hurry 4 Curry on a Saturday evening for a take away dinner. I believe I visited on their second or third day of operation.I entered a restaurant with modern decor that was spotlessly clean. Having read about the restaurant in the Republic prior to arriving, I immediately headed towards one of the two flat screen televisions to place my order. Ordering was easy and quick and the menus offered descriptions of the Indian food for those who may be unfamiliar with the cuisine.I ordered butter chicken, naan bread and Basmati rice. This came to $8.50. It was a pleasure to see, as is done in many other countries, that the tax was included in the price of each item. While I could have swiped my credit card to pay at the "menu monitor," I chose to pay cash and received service from the friendly lady at the cash register. She also validated my parking in the AZ Center garage. My butter chicken (you can choose naan or rice as a side) was $7.50 and my naan was another dollar, which brought the total cost of my meal to $8.50. Because I was ordering take away, I did not order a drink. I did, however, see that the restaurant is applying for a liquor license; presumably for the sale of beer given that there is no "bar" in the quick service space.After a wait of maybe five minutes, I received my food in what one might describe as "higher-quality" Chinese food boxes. The naan bread was wrapped in foil.After a short drive home, I transferred my food from box to plate and began to enjoy my dinner. While the rice was very well cooked (generally fluffy and not clumped together), the naan (as the Republic also reported) was somewhat disappointing. While it was definitely naan and not pita bread, I found my serving to be almost cracker-like in texture and too cool of a temperature. (I assume this may be because the naan was prepared earlier in the day. I wonder, though, if they could have devised a way to warm the bread before serving in a convection oven?) My butter chicken was flavorful, but also rather cool in temperature. Portion sizes were more than adequate.When I visited, the restaurant was empty. Because I hope this restaurant will survive (I think the concept is novel), I sent some of the concerns detailed above in the form of constructive criticism to the restaurant after eating my dinner. Would I return? Sure. I enjoyed a healthy, filling and flavorful dinner for a fair price. And, when I return, I will be happy to adjust my star rating upwards if some minor improvements have been made.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,3/11/2009,215,277,9,15,12>Are you kidding me!? I can't think of anything critical to say about this place. Oh wait, of course I can! Every time I asked my server to refill my empty glass (the one that he was taking off our table) well, he looked at me like I was putting him out. I mean WTF? Since when does a bar staff member take a glass from a bar table and NOT ask if you wanted another one? NOT cool dude!But other than that ... this place is Damn near perfect. It's hip and cool and does so without appearing to try too hard. It's comfortable, it's dark, the music level was just about right. A full bar. A view of the city. Comfy seats and couches. I couldn't ask for anything more (well, other than a stage booked by Charlie of StateSide Presents).Big UPs to The Side Bar!!!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,3/9/2009,752,378,11,20,16>Country Diner alert!!  All your breakfast  and lunch diner favorites !  We have passed this place literally a million times and kept wondering what the food is like.  Well we wonder no more.  For lunch today we stepped into a bit of what reminds me of an Oklahoma Diner , I could almost see my  country country cousins stopping by this place.  The menu is full of classic sandwiches like French Dip, Monte Cristo, Hamburgers and other American Sandwich Staples.  The menu is big on Breakfast and has lots of Omelettes to chose from .They even mark all the low carb items so you for those South Beachers it's a little easier. For starters Linda our server was instantly like family, she was sweet and kind . I love the way she talked to my daughter like she already knew her , "So Sammy what are we having today?" Linda was extra helpful and made great recommendations  .She even warned us about the size of portions and boy she wasn't kidding. Linda did a great job keeping glasses full and prompt service. We noticed in this small establishment  there  were four servers , whoa that's rare these days. I had the avocado Omelette which is big , with super nice chunks of avocado , no salsa  but I never asked for any either. The hash browns were not my favorite style  more mashed than chunky but you decide. You can chose yummy fresh made daily biscuits or toast. Plus One( husband) had the  Prime rib and eggs breakfast which he couldn't finish. The prime rib had good flavor for breakfast not top quality but pretty good, considering we are in a diner.  This is one of their specialities and if you are hungry it's perfect. This also comes with hash browns, eggs, and two humongous cupcake sized biscuits with a well seasoned gravy. If I wasn't low carbing it that would have been lunch! The decor is cute and quaint. The care and thoughtfulness of the staff shines thru.They talk to each customer like they are old friends and some of them were. When you are passing thru No Pho   give them a try.  They are open for  lunch and breakfast  only.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2008,3/8/2009,13,36,6,7,6>In the interest of full disclosure--my hubby worked here when it was a Texaco station way back "in the day." Not that that has anything to do with Coffee Star's current life, but you know what they say...That said, I have to confess: I've never actually had coffee here. You see, I'm a Trader Joe's gal. I buy my Trader Joe's roast [well, actually Ken buys it, I don't do grocery shopping any more], bring it home, set up the timed Mr. Coffee [well, actually Ken does that for me too--don't all you chicks out there wish you had MY husband???] and it turns on at 6 am. By the time I'm done with my health walk, it's brewed and waiting for me.So you all are no doubt wondering just why is this crazy NDN woman reviewing a coffee shop where she's never had the coffee? Because, amigos...it's because Coffee Star is one of my favorite lunch spots. It's in the Melrose District, also one of my faves [I have a biggg article coming out in Valley Guide Quarterly to prove it!], their sandwiches are OK [not 100 percent, more like 80 percent but that's ok], the building is just the coolest old gas station-cum-coffee shop EVER and did this, kemosabes...THEY HAVE REAL COKE!! That's right, caballeros, they have Mexican Coca-Cola, the old recipe with real sugar instead of the corn syrup that Coke so-calls sweetens their colas with. That along is worth driving over for...And it's a great spot to hang and watch the world go by. One of these days I'll try out the wi-fi and try to resolve that issue....
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,3/7/2009,216,161,6,6,6>The 3 Redneck Tenors....yeah, I wrote you it and read it and yes, it does say, The 3 Redneck Tenors. The name says it all, 3 male opera singers, who treat opera in a ridiculously irreverent way!  An amazing production that was just $35 a ticket. I sat 6 rows from the stage and had the absolute time of my life. Take a minute, buy some tickets at Phoenix Theater for them in June, kick yourself for getting them at the Chandler Center and next time join me! This was an incredibly entertaining time! Thank you CCA!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,3/6/2009,1710,1170,7,15,15>Not too late to teach this old-dog a few new tricks!Me and a buddy decided to go "just for fun" (not for work), to be better hosts, and everyone likes a bartender right?Keep in mind that they train us with stinky colored water, so don't get over excited... The class is an intense two weeks. I go for 4hrs every night, 6-10pm. They really make sure you know your stuff by the time you graduate. You learn to make shooters, tall drinks, cocktails, shots, sours, margaritas, and highballs.... It's fun, exciting and challenging (proof that my memory sure ain't what it used to be). The class is a mixture of teens to seniors - most of which want to go to work (apparently their specialty is placement). I hope to graduate this Friday! To graduate you must be able to make 12 random drinks perfectly in 8min, and pass a 1hour written test -- heck, some cocktails have 8 ingredients in one drink! Brain strain!Likely the best $500 I have ever spent! *And yes, I now have a new found respect for bartenders everywhere!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,3/5/2009,62,14,8,15,10>Three words: Best Mocha Ever. Oh, and five more words: Best Peanut Butter Brownie Ever. Now that we know I like Lux, let's talk about some peoples complaints.Those who know me know I'm not trendy or a "hipster", but I've never had anyone at Lux "scoff" at my Target clothes or un-trendy shoes. And for the most part, everyone I know who goes to Lux really does work while they're there...they aren't just pretending to be on their computer! And if they aren't working, it's probably because the internet is down (which happens a lot more than it should at Lux). Overall, I really like this place but I can see how one who isn't super trendy or artsy might be intimidated when they first show up. My advice is to go again, a lot of different types of people go there and are really friendly. Plus, the different groups of people will come in cycles...at a certain time it might be inundated with twenty-something hippies with dreads, and another time it might be taken over by 30-something slightly overweight workaholics. Don't let people scare you from a good place.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2008,3/4/2009,708,1493,11,17,12>We visited Phoenix Produce Company as part of the "First Ever" Explore SoDo Tour.  The owners were very friendly and gracious.  They gave us a brief history of the building and provided an interesting assortment of refreshments.  We enjoyed a pomegranate-grapefruit juice, spongecake, fig newtons, grapes and some sort of fruit with a tough outer coating and a clear inner fruit that was vaguely sweet.  I have no idea what the hell it was.Phoenix Produce also sells E-Bikes.  They are apparently the only importer of these in the Phoenix area.  We got a walk-through of one of the E-bikes, showing us where the drive was (in the rear hub), the batteries (3, 36v), how it operates, maximum speed (20-22mph), maximum range (27 miles), price (about $475 before tax), etc.  Then we all got to take one out for a test drive.  Awesome!  I was impressed and would seriously consider one of these for urban living.My 12 & 15 year old daughters thoroughly enjoyed the test rides as well and would have done nearly anything to leave Phoenix Produce on one of these bikes.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,11/26/2011,119,163,4,4,9>O Holy Pork Chili Verde, your flavors are so grand.Your spicy kick and sweet cornbread make me a huge fan.Long lay St. Francis,You're warm and friendly and hip.Your modern flairand down-home styleis really hard to compare.A thrill of hopefor each new visit.St. Francis you inspireand your food I really admire.I fall... on my knees!With taste buds exalting!For the French Onion Burger,the seasonal soupand a taste of things to come.O, St. Francis! O, Holy Pork Chili Verde!O, you're so divine!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,11/25/2011,480,556,8,6,7>It is about damn time I stopped in here!!  Any thing you get here will be sinfully delicious.  I decided to go with a box of mini treats ( so I could try a little of several items) 2 macaroons (vanilla and chocolate) and a sticky bun.    The first to be devoured was the sticky bun.  Holy smokes it was a rich delectible brioch swirled with butter caramel, golden raisins and toasted pecans.  It reminded me of a desert my grandmother would make and brought back some wonderful memories.Later that day I tried the chocolate macaroon, this was better than ANY brownie I have ever tasted moist, fudgy, perfectly sweet and delicious.  Excited to try my full size vanilla macaroon, I opted instead to follow it up with the mini macaroon in my mini treat box ( which now had a mini fruit tart, a mexican wedding cookie, a chocolate chocolate chip and a white chocolate macadamia nut mini).  The little tart and both little cookies were lovely but the mexican wedding cookie was the best, most melt in your mouth cookie of this type I have ever experienced, and I have sampled my fair share of these.  So much so that I was looking for an excuse to get married just to order tons of these cookies.  But then I came back to reality and realized I don't have to get married to experience this treat. [WHew thank goodness...!]I was also thrilled to find out that the Oakville Grocery Downtown carries many of their pasteries....*DANGEROUS* as I work across the street.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,11/24/2011,149,233,3,6,6>Sometimes you see stuff in Los Angeles and think it will never come to Phoenix and then it happens! At the Phoenix Farmer's market there is a whole gaggle of great food trucks and today I saw a new one, Hey Joe's Filipino food truck. I grew up in Hawaii and thus have eaten lots of great Philippino food and it is basically non-existent anywhere near me so wow, was I excited to see this food truck! I got the large mixed plate with lumpia (very good), bar-b-que pork (delicious), grilled chicken (comes on the bone, a bit of a shock but probably adds flavor), and then a scoop of rice and a large dab of green papaya salad, or someone noted it was pickled ginger salad (wow, that was good!) and...because I like living on the edge, a pair of grilled chicken feet (rather fatty, not a lot of meat, and frankly, they look like little human hands, I felt like a serial killer trying to eat them). I also went with the fresh coconut for $5 (eh, okay but ice tea would be good as well). I talked with the owner and said he had opened the truck because he could never find good Filipino food either and the truck has only been open a few weeks. Probably the best deal is they Hey Joe special with lumpia, grilled pork and grilled chicken, sans scary chicken feet, unless you really love that sort of thing. They even offer balut for $5 and i think if you finish it, it is free. A delicacy of the Philippines it consists of a soft cooked egg that has been partially gestated. i saw Andrew Zimmerman eat one on Bizarre Foods, on the travel channel but even for a food adventurer like me, yikes! Bottom line, some great food. I'm a big fan of the street food I've had in Asia (Hong Kong and Tokyo) so nice to see you can get some of it in the developing food truck industry out here in Phoenix. My only wish is that they look at offering Pancit noodles along with or instead of rice. Another great food of this sort of cuisine and maybe, some chicken and pork adobo.....mmmm! :-)
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,11/23/2011,247,155,5,10,8>Great sound, nicely laid out space, good service, solid beers on tap... This place is a game-changer. The lounge area on the street is awesome, and opens today (and everyday) from four PM till 2 AM. The concert space is great, as well. A knee-high stage has plenty of room for large acts, while in the back of the room, tired/lame attendees can relax in the bleachers. The bathrooms, while boring,  were spotless. We'll see how long that lasts, haha. I can't WAIT to update this review with more experiences. (ESPECIALLY FOOD!!! Next week!!!!!)
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,11/22/2011,224,119,3,11,3>What a diamond in the rough! I swear this is one of the best blocks for food I haven't tried on the west side. Well after trying to find somewhere quick to eat on the one hour break from a nearby hospital I saw a nice review for Mike's Bistro and decided to check it out. I read the specials posted out front, and Mike is right... "Life is too short to eat bad food"I am very happy with my venture into this small business and I hope more people make it in because this was absolutely great food. The wife had an eggplant parmigiana sub, and I had a pulled pork chipotle Torta, and they were both in the 6 dollar range but oh so fantastico! Mike was very polite and the restaurant was clean and tidy. The experience was authentic as was the food, and honestly this is one of the best places I have ever eaten that wasn't high priced.Check out Mikes, and support local business with some great eats!
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,11/21/2011,121,311,4,7,6>Honeycomb is where I get my hair did. Alicia does my hair. She is super talkative and does a great job. I'm always satisfied with my hair, and I get to smell some pretty products that most salons don't have- given the organic product pledge that they've got going on there.While I'm getting my hair did, I can look at local art- and usually it is pretty great. There are also a gazillion magazines available. One thing that they ensure is that you won't be bored while getting your hair done.I can usually get in for an appointment within a couple of days, and I'd highly recommend this little hair salon to just about anyone. Small enough that it won't be intimidating for men, either.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,11/20/2011,737,660,3,13,5>I am in love with 'Pomo Pizzeria! They had me at "Ciao!"...I love this place, cause for a moment in time-- I get transported back to Italy. Everything is authentically Italian. Certified Italian -- the only restaurant in the entire state of AZ that has been through the rigorous requirements to be certified Napoletana. As others have mentioned, the 6,000lb pizza oven is even from Italy. The quality ingredients in their plates -- all imported. Even chitter chatter in the restaurant -- in Italian - l'amo. For Valentine's Day, I surprised my hubby with a dinner date here. I knew that he would fall smitten in love with their autentico Napolitano blistered-crust pizza. Fortunately, I found this place the week earler - as a referral from an esthetician. When I dined here the first time solo, I had wonderful and friendly service dining in the bar area. I loved hearing the cooks & service staff speaking in Italian. I enjoyed the small, cozy atmosphere of the tables. I loved the wall mural of the Italian street scene complete with Vespa (minus the real toxic exhaust fumes). Yes, I fell in love with this restaurant my first visit. Enter Valentine's Day -- the restaurant was filled, and our reserved table was waiting for us. Again, love the atmosphere here. All servers were friendly and very hospitable. We kicked off the night with a bottle of Soave - -  Tedeschi, I believe. Very good... light, white wine with some flavor. For starters we had the Caprese - - lovely buffalo mozzarella, tomatoes, and also some sliced bread drizzled with EVOO. Delish! I requested extra of the OO with the red peppers... very tasty to dip with. Then on to the pizza - - we tried the Don Alfonso this time. It was very good -- however, I think the pizza I had the first time was even better. (I can't remember the name.... uggh! ... but it had prosciutto, salami creminilli (which was off the hook!), and a bunch of other meats for $16.95.  Next time we go back, I'm getting that kind again. Dolce... of course! Due espresso, another sweet wine for me (forgot the name - - but it was good.) Not too overly sweet....  But the Tiramisu! Si, the Tiramisu -- was as delicious and divine as I was hoping it would be. My husband is not a big Tiramisu fan, but he said that it was probably the best he's had. Dusting of cocoa powder on top, moussy layer after layer -- love their Tiramisu!It was a great evening -- great food -- great service! No brainer that we'll be back. Va bene!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,11/19/2011,556,127,5,9,7>I came across this place because I would pass it everyday...finally I had to stop and try it...they only offer certain sauces and raviolis everyday and gnocchi...but everything is great...it's all made from scratch and the owner is very sweet...it is very authentic and delicious...you can bring pasta and sauce home too,,,they have odd hours and sometimes have very limited selection but it's awesome...the owner lived in Italy for years and really knows her stuff!
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,11/18/2011,437,464,11,10,9>I'm teetering between 3 and 4 stars. In fact, I wish we were using Star Search scoring because I'd give 3 and 3 quarters stars. Really cool decor. Like a retro, train station kinda feel. There were these ginormous beehive lamp shade light fixtures that weren't cohesive and I wish they'd take them out because they were an eyesore as well. The restrooms were splendid, very clean, nice large stalls. Aside from the snooty hostesses, the service was splendid. My girlfriend and I came during restaurant week. It was packed when we arrived at 8:00 p.m. on a Tuesday night, I would recommend rezzies. For starters my friend had the soup and I had the cheese plate, both were delish. The cheese plate came with the cutest, tiny spoons and jars for jam and mustard... took everything I had to not put them in my purse. I can't remember what my main dish was called but it was two pieces of fried fish with a crab cake in the middle, topped with gravy and capers and a side of steamed spinach. It tasted like really good cafeteria food, nothing to write about here. For dessert I had the blueberry something or other. It tasted exactly like a pretzel torte I use to make in my early 20's, tasty but again, nothing to write home about. I will becoming back for sure. I know they're has to be more to that kitchen that what I was served, I just know it!
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,11/17/2011,447,457,6,11,10>Probably my favorite breakfast spot. Depending on my mood, this is how it's done, eggs are either over easy or poached:Shrimp enchiladas -- red and green chileHuevos Rancheros  -- red and green chileCarne Adovada  -- red only Lately, it's been a lot of enchilada, though I feel the huevos rancheros starting a resurgence!Breakfast entrees are about $10 -12 and worth every penny.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,10/8/2013,194,263,10,10,9>Good lord, the macaroni salad makes you want to give up and quit your job so you can pull up a chair to the kitchen window and eat it all day. The short ribs are my favorite meal- they are seasoned that perfect balance of sweet & savory- and all the platters are big enough for a huge dinner or two lunches...if you eat like most mainlanders eat. If you're a Samoan, eh, not so much...you better order two meals!The staff is always friendly and smiling and the dining room is very clean. The menu has catering prices on the back page, and you could get a backyard luau going for 50 people for about $200.I'll totally host the luau as long as it's BYOB and I can keep the leftovers.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,10/7/2013,181,218,8,16,12>This is some of the Best Vietnamese Food the valley. Nice little Family Owned and Operated hole in the wall restaurant in a tiny strip mall in Tempe. You will always see the same friendly family members there providing great tasty food and service. Inside is clean and cozy but simple. Gets busy really quick at lunch. On many of my visits there for lunch I see our hard working local law enforcement and fire fighters taking a break and enjoying a quick meal before they get back to work. Some of the tables are round and ready for a large group.I love the Pho there. It is so much better than some of the others in town and is packed with flavor. It comes with a plate of bean sprouts, basil, jalapenos and some lime wedges. The table also has all the condiments you may want such as schricha, housin sauce, fish sauce, etc. The Glass and Egg Noodle Soups are fantastic as well. Try the Bun which is very tasty and is an Angle Hair Noodle dish with the meats of you choice topped with scallions, peanuts, fried shallots and served over chopped red lettuce, herbs, cucumbers, sprouts and yummy fish sauce. One of my favorites is a specialty dish call Pho Ap Chao and is a plate of fried Crispy Rice Noodle Cake with Shrimp, Crab, Beef and all sorts of Veggies covered in a delicious light brown garlic sauce. So good.Everything is great here and they have too many dishes to explain them all. They also serve a large selection of Chinese food for those who are not in the mood for something different. Simply Outstanding!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,10/6/2013,376,146,10,15,15>After a week long of craving sushi I FINALLY got my fix on at this place! =)I absolutely loveeeee Sushi and love trying new places...We found this place on Yelp  (obviously...  =P) and what caught my attention was that they have happy hour all day everyday! Oh I'm there! We ordered so many amazing rolls and everything came out on  this cute little boat. We got the Philly roll, Rainbow roll, Salmon Roll, this salmon garlic roll and much more...Everything was so delicious and fresh! For their happy hour menu they have a variety of rolls that range from $3-7. Also, they have their house wine which is not bad, for $5, Sake Bombs for $5 and small Hot Sake for $3. Everything was sooooo yummy and you really can't beat happy hour all day everyday. Not to mention the customer service was great! Everyone was extremely friendly and funny and we even got some ice cream from them at the end. =) & of course all of the great food places are on the opposite side of town from me. I will DEFINITELY be back to get my sushi fix on though! =)
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,10/5/2013,399,148,10,14,14>This place is fantastic. I went here a few days ago and was really blown away. It looks "ok" from the outside, a little ran down and kind of shoved back behind RnR off the corner, we weren't expecting much. Little did we know when we walked in how cool, fun and delicious this place would be. It's definitely got the Cali feel to it, with pics on the walls, bikes, surf boards, and fish tanks on the TV! It's really neat the way they gave this tiny place such a big Cali feel.The place was packed on a Sunday early afternoon, so we sat at the bar. I ordered the chicken pesto pasta and my friend ordered the hangover burger. It didn't take long for the food to get out to us, while waiting we people watched and enjoyed our beverages! The food was AMAZING!!!! The pesto had a weird mix to it, when I ate a bite with no chicken it was meh, on the ok side, but when I added a piece of their marinated chicken in the mix my taste buds went bananas! It was crazy! I started laughing so hard because the chicken brought out so much more flavor of the pesto sauce! Man am I becoming a foodie. Their hang over burger was to die for. It sounds weird at first, but then when you think about it, you're trying to figure out why no one has combined eggs, bacon, colby jack cheese and green chili on top of some deliciously cooked hamburger before! I had one bite of my friend's hamburger and I was hooked. We both started chowing down like we hadn't eaten in days! I didn't think this lunch could get any better, until I checked in and noticed a coupon for their brownies! Ahhhhh man that did us in! The brownie came out super hot (watch your tongue ouchy) with some recess chocolate pieces in it, with of course ice cream on top.....DELICIOUS! I literally don't remember the drive home because I was in a food coma from this place! My friend was lucky they didn't have to roll me out the door!I can't wait to go back! This place is awesome!!!! Keep it up Rehab, you definitely showed me what I have been missing out on!PS - Staff was fantastic! Everyone was so happy, smiling, courteous, and helpful, it was awesome! Not one sad face in the whole house! You don't see that much anymore! You're staff is awesome!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/4/2013,158,111,6,9,7>Had to bring in my 9 yr. old Doberman for some large aggressive mass removals. While all of the available options and tests were quoted, we went with the basics and were given a fair price for just the removal.A tube was left in his neck for several days to allow for drainage and we had to bring him back the next day due to swelling concerns on our part, but Dr. Thrift explained what was going on and changed the bandage to help facilitate the drain better. Stitches came out yesterday and he is healing very nicely. Best part- Now he won't stop acting like a puppy again. Thanks Dr. Thrift and staff!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/3/2013,227,248,9,19,16>Round of a huge applause goes to Nori today! Wow. Their sushi blew me away today, truly.Excellent service (frequent water refills and check in's) goes a long way with me.Elaborate, user-friendly menu and order sheet.Love their interior design - their choice in chartreuse green and muted gray works very well. Very clean and sleek. Contemporary vibe.Their sushi was very fresh and impressive.  This girl will definitely be back for more!!
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,10/2/2013,512,210,5,12,7>A small local hair shop that does it all. I mean does it all. You have a particular style, cut or in need of a good trim AURA Beauty is the place to be. This newly open location with bright colored walls with modern decor is located in central Phoenix. The owner who is from CA has many years of experience and decided to branch off to share her classy styles in her own shop. There are other hair stylist as well. You need a relaxer, protein treatment, cut, color, braids, weave done right and much more ask for Kenya the shop owner. Ladies I have natural hair that grows. Yep, thanks to my hair stylist who knows what she is doing. Kenya uses Design Essentials which is also sold at her shop. The salon products do well with my hair. I recently went to Florida to play on the beach. She wiped me up with a treatment that left my natural hair silky straight and no humidified frizz. Her flexible schedule and Monday-Saturdays hours allows me the time to work around my schedule. Call today to setup an appointment. Everyone is welcome as Kenya has experience will all hair types. She also has waxing, body wraps and other services available.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,10/1/2013,253,210,15,21,19>It is not difficult for breakfast place to make me happy.   The Park didn't fail.   In fact,  they succeeded at making me a fan.   One of the things I like about this location is that it is steps away from the Wigwam resort.  Just exit the Wigwam from the west gates and walk to the corner of Wigwam and Old Litchfield.   The inside of The Park is also very cute with a loft-like feel to it with exposed brick and air ducts.   I've been here a handful of times and I had the same thing, the Veggie Omelet with the cheese and a side of bacon.  Perfectly cooked omelet each time.  Professional service folks who know and understand the meaning of "service industry".  Many folks love their French Press coffee.  I thought it was a good cup as well.If you are at the Wigwam and want to get out but not go far, this is a SOLID option for breakfast or lunch!  YOu will enjoy it.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,9/30/2013,699,631,15,22,27>Went to FEZ for happy hour to kick off my last night being 39, and it was my 1st time to the FEZ, I have driven past it so many time the past few years, so I thought it was about time to stop!I made reservations because I had a group coming with me, and everything went smoothly! My plans for the day sort of changed, so I wound up being at FEZ 30 mins earlier than I had originally planned, but they already had my area set up and ready, so I just waited there for everyone to show! Staff was so nice and friendly!I ordered a pomegranate margarita with a sugared rim, and it was perfect!! And very eye catching too! I also tried some of their sweet potato fries, and boy are those yummy!! And tried the pomegranate press too, and what a pleasantly surprising drink that was! Happy hour with friends went great! Look forward to coming back and trying out some other drinks, I know for sure I want to try that Dark Chocolate Martini!!
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/29/2013,25,68,,7,2>We also got a menu left on our door and decided to try this place out last Friday night when we were in the mood for chinese take out and a movie. We haven't been able to find any good chinese food restaurants nearby us, but looks like we found our go to place now!As everyone seems to have experienced, fast delivery, big portions, great food, etc! If I had to complain about something, I would say the fried rice is different and not my fave, but considering how great the lo mein, general tso's chicken, egg rolls and crab puffs were, that's fine with me.We will definitely be ordering from here next time we're in the mood for takeout. If you're wondering if you should try it, the answer is yes!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,5/19/2012,742,648,13,15,13>Weekend mornings I'm all about being a complete lazy bear, sleeping in then get up just long enough to lie back down on the couch. Only a few have the power to lure me out of bed and one of those is the promise of a big satisfying breakfast. Of course not by my own hand but by someone elses because lets face it, I'm that lazy on the weekends.So when I decided to cover the much buzzed about Joe's Diner it was sheer excitement that got me out of bed. You know a plate full of perfectly cooked eggs and bacon paired lovingly with cups of hot coffee and glasses of fresh squeezed orange juice are true motivators.As we saunter in we're welcomed by an upbeat good morning and sat pretty much immediately. Located in what used to be a classic car shop, husband and wife team Joan and Joe Seriale transport you back in time with 1950's nostalgia complete with glitter flecked seating and old tin billboards and neon signs. There's a flurry of waitresses and I kept waiting for Flo to appear with her huge red nest of hair but she never showed up.Concerning breakfast there's always that one nagging question, should I go savory or sweet? I say do both starting out with one of Joe's homemade Cinnamon Rolls ($2.59). The large yeasty bun arrived laying in its own caramelized brown sugar and cinnamon pool, complete with an oozing topping of cream cheese frosting. I nearly stabbed my partner with my fork after he took the best part, the tender loved filled center. When I eat a cinnamon roll I like take my sweet time, licking and nibbling on the outside, making sure I don't miss an inch of that roll. Then once I get to the center I'm gratefully rewarded with a mouthful of gooey pleasure.The Number Two ($6.49) is the more versatile choice when it comes to the sweet and savory dilemma. You get two eggs, your way, two sausage patties, two bacon strips and a short stack of fluffy pancakes. This plate has your bases covered with the addition of thick ropes of maple syrup which the pancakes gladly guzzle down. For an alternative try the strawberry jam in lieu of the syrup, some rules were meant to be broken.Joe's Homemade Biscuits & Gravy ($2.99) gets you a plate full of light-as-air biscuits grounded by a layer of sausage gravy. The gravy had a faint sweetness that was a surprise hit at our table.If you're having a rough morning from one-to-many last night, try this remedy, Joe's Breakfast Burrito ($6.59). Stuffed tight into a soft flour tortilla are three scrambled eggs, chorizo, potatoes, and cheddar cheese served with a sides of sour cream and salsa. Or try the Breakfast Bowl ($7.59) which gets you scrambled eggs with ham, bacon and cheddar cheese served over home style potatoes. Both were filling and satisfying, the only thing was a couch afterwards to nap on.I foresee Joe's Diner getting me out of bed many more times in the near future, especially after dreaming about cinnamon rolls.
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,5/18/2012,122,52,5,7,5>Wraps usually make me excited. I get to pretend that I'm being healthier by not eating bread, and instead I'm eating a tortilla that has the names of vegetables in the title and serving as a main ingredient:  Spinach, Jalapeno, and Tomato --- but then there's still Whole Wheat,  Herb, and Plain (but who wants that?). So when That's a Wrap, one of my favorite little stops in the Coronado neighborhood, decided to move-- I was sad. I'm still trying to make the trip to the Camelback location and keep up my dedication. The fact is, when I find something that really knows how to punch my taste buds, it's hard for me to shop around after the fact. So although I've been here many times before, I have only tried a few selections but they totally rock my world. I would like to discuss the Prince of Thai... If he truly were a prince, I would be his princess. I love the sauce that accompanies this dish. Usually I get it as a salad and with tofu just so I don't get filled up on the meat. The fresh ginger slaw, cucumber pico, red onion and garlic rice compliment each other very well.The salads are so copious that you could share them quite easily (ladies)! Also, that's the great thing, you can get any salad as a wrap and vice versa!  The Veggie Jackson, Greek Gatsby, and the Picnic are also delectable. The price for the food is what you can't beat, and they even have a liquor license now (toot toot!)
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,5/17/2012,231,476,5,15,10>Mike has been fantastic with all of the tasks we have had him help us with. Earlier in the year, we purchased an investment property and needed someone to fix up several small things in the house. One of which included fixing up the kitchen cabinets. Several contractors we received bids from gave us so much grief regarding the cabinets (said we needed to replace them) and also fixing the spa tub. They wanted to charge us an arm and a leg, too. I found Mike through an ad on Craigslist and called him in a last-ditch effort. My husband immediately liked him but the most important part was that Mike wasn't afraid to take on the things we wanted. He didn't hesitate to say that fixing the kitchen cabinets wouldn't be a problem. Being a handyman, his prices were extremely reasonable. Mike demonstrated excellent communication with my husband and we appreciated being informed every step of the way. He also had a great sense of humor and we enjoyed interacting with him. Mike was also perfectly fine going to Home Depot with my husband so that we could purchase supplies on our Home Depot card. Incredibly, he even struck up a few deals with the salesperson to save us more money!  A few times while we were at the property doing yardwork, he was quick to lend us any of his tools to help us out. All in all, we were very pleased with his work on the house (fixing and rebuilding the kitchen cabinets, removing and installing a new tub, repairing and installing landscape lighting controls that were stolen, installing and repairing lighting, plumbing, and repairing various components on the exterior of the house). Great, great guy to work with and we were lucky to have found him.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,5/16/2012,331,379,8,9,9>Wow. I'm seriously impressed! Redendo's had been popping up in my Yelp nearby Feed for a few weeks now and I kept meaning to stop by. I'm so glad I did.I ordered a small Caesar salad, an order of garlic knots and a calzone to go. About 15 minutes later I walked out the door with a package of food that smelled like an Italian heaven. The "small" salad was huge and fresh. The garlic knots were delicious, as was the side of marinara that came with it. The real star is the calzone. I don't know what I was expecting, but this far exceeded any ideas I could have had. The thing is huge. It's basically a pizza folded in half. Mine had ricotta, fresh tomatoes, sausage and roasted garlic. Ridiculous. So good. I'm still enjoying it and I had the thing like three days ago!All that was $16 and it lasted me about three days. Highly, highly, highly recommended!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,5/15/2012,87,160,10,11,10>15 damn well deserved 5 stars reviews and guess what, not a single one is wrong. I love the place, and have begun to drag everyone and anyone to the place to the point they think I should buy shares in the place if they ever sold them! I even order from here for my co-workers at work (They say that they deliver in a 6 mile radius, though I'm 9 miles out!) and every one of them loved it and the good Lord knows that bunch can never agree on anything ! The food is great, the customer service is great - heck Ninos even knows my name now ! By golly I am impressed ! Love it!!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,5/14/2012,215,122,10,12,10>These guys don't need any more positive reviews. The existing ones speak for themselves.   That said, I had such a fantastic experience here today, I had to share another 5 star review.Was out on business with my biz partner and we were a bit out of our 'hood and our element, so the biz partner looked up local restos with free WiFi and stumbled upon this lovely nook of a sammie joint.   Glad she did.  First off, just like it says on their website, they are a bit hard to find. The location is nestled away on the NW corner of 90th Street & Via Linda.  They're in a shopping center with a Fry's and an assortment of spa & wellness boutiques and a DVD conversion place.  The location is small, cozy, and eccentrically decorated like a slice of Vermont-icana (if that's even a word), with chill retro tunes playing and nods to "The Dead" and hippie-ish verbiage on their menu, which leads me to the food...The food was AMAZING!  Based on some other Yelp reviews,  I got the Long Trail.  It was great!  Fresh, fresh, fresh with homemade condiments and tons of fresh veggies.  It came with a choice of salad (I chose pasta), and I also added a cup of deliciously chilled squash soup, in the style of a Vichyssoise or gazpacho.  Pure, chilled perfection.  My biz partner had a chicken salad wrap (The Deadhead) that was completely over-the-top delicious! We swapped bites of our respective lunches but I was unable to convince her to do tradesies on the second halves of our individual sandwiches.  Hers was amazing and on my target list of the next visit.  We also sampled and then bought an AMAZING fresh maple-chocolate chip cookie that blew my mind!  I'd bathe in that recipe!!The best part of the experience was the staff.  We got there towards the end of the lunch rush and once the place cleared out and settled down a little, the owners generously took time to engage us in genuine conversation.  They are exquisitely down-to-earth, authentically nice and completely friendly, affable and accommodating.  We talked about everything from history to digital marketing to high school with them.  It was kinda like having lunch with old friends -- who we just met!!!  Totally sweet people and I wish them the best of success.  If they continue to run & build their business as they have been doing, there's no doubt in my mind they'll take the Vermont Sandwich Company anywhere they want it to go.  They deserve it; fresh, ample portions, fantastic ambiance and genuinely nice, caring service.  I wish all small businesses ran this way!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2011,5/13/2012,48,25,4,9,6>I walked here in the heat and was immediately greeted with an ice cold beer. For free! It was a delicious IPA and the staff couldn't have been friendlier. There were even snacks. I also had another sample of their Camelback ale. Both were heaping samples, almost a full cup. The tour was fun and informative. The co owner George even gave me and my boyfriend a ride to the lightrail stop!! We didn't bring our bikes. So awesome.  Definitely recommend. Lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/17/2011,5/12/2012,174,98,14,5,3>I do not like bridal shops, I do not like brides, I do not like weddings, I do not like any of the other things that come along with them, other than the open bar. That said, Lillian Lottie wasn't as bad as many of the other bridal shops I've had to go to. They are incredibly busy all of the time, so if you have an appointment, do yourself a favor and show up 20 min late, or hang out on their couch for 20 min, your choice.Their staff was all very bubbly and helpful (note: I am not a huge fan of bubbly) which I imagine most people find very pleasing. The best part of Lillian Lottie without question was their tailors. These women were geniuses. I would recommend this store strictly based on getting to use their tailors, they work magic.So, if you must get married, I'd say this is a fine option, just please, for the love of God, don't ask me to be in it.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,5/11/2012,143,222,7,13,12>So NOT a dive bar. More like, a swanky basement bar from the 60s. Big black pleather booths, pool table, low ceilings, and a hefty wooden bar with a formica top.I can't comment on the nightlife. I tend to wander in during the late afternoon, especially on Sundays. That's the way I like it chill, quiet, uncrowded, I get the bartender's full attention, and can rule the jukebox.Also, word to the wise, if you are a bit of a vintage cocktail geek, such as myself, make your way to Shady's - NOW. They have all the necessary ingredients, and -- depending on who's behind the bar -- expertise needed to craft the obscure old cocktail of your choice.Seriously, housemade grenadine and simple syrup, Aperol, Lillet Blanc, Maraschino; you name it, they have it. Cheers!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,5/10/2012,111,146,4,8,7>Wow!!! This is the best ice cream I have ever had - seriously, folks, this place shows Sweet Republic who's boss.  The ice cream is rich and creamy and full of flavor.  I tried the butter pecan, banana, peanut butter and chocolate.   The chocolate was unlike any chocolate ice cream I have had before - you could actually taste the coco flavor and it was more satisfying than a sugar loaded Hershey's concoction.  Bonus - they have pretzel cones!! This went especially well with scoops of chocolate and peanut butter! Yum!!I hopped on the froyo train for awhile there, but this place is going to cause me to derail and get fat.  Oh well.  I'll be happy. The interior is a very cute, old-school ice cream parlor.  It reminded me of Smeeks.  There was not seating inside, but about 5 tables outside.  They also have lots of retro candies and freshly baked cookies and complimentary water in a jug (flavored with lavender and lemon).I've already forgotten that Mary Coyle's is closing down...
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,3/19/2011,742,648,16,34,33>I've never written about him before, I have a gay father. Well, technically he's not my real father but a man who I met some years ago. Coming out for me was pretty tough, married, house in the suburbs and a wife who I loved deeply. After coming out to her, my family and friends, my therapist suggested I quickly join an online support group for married gay men, and that's where I met Larry Johnson. A kind older man, Larry immediately took me under his wing; living in San Francisco it was easy for him to show me more about our mutual passion, food.  Over the years we've exchanged thousands of emails and I've visited him in SF as often as I could, Larry taught me a great deal about fine dining. Including how to have food adventures and about getting the most out of life's pleasures. While my mom will always be my first food hero, Larry will always be my gay dad and has helped to make me who I am today. So when he comes into town for a visit I'm always a little stressed out about where to take him for dinner. This visit was easy, I decided to choose something basic and straight forward like steak. Opened 60 years ago, Durant's is not only a Phoenix institution but is also a great steakhouse. While the trend of new steakhouses in the Valley has finally started to taper off, Durant's classic approach is commendable and endearing. I'm talking about fantastically tender steak, understandable sides and professional service. Steakhouses in general are probably some of the most expensive restaurants in town. So I was ready to spend a mint on dinner but did notice one thing at Durant's, the steaks aren't ala carte. This means when you order a steak you're not only getting soup or salad but you're also getting your choice of accompaniment, what a value.Entering Durant's from the rear will take you right through the kitchen, dont worry about this, its all part of the charm. You'll see that the kitchen is spotless and most of the cooks turn around and give you a warm smile and a happy hello. Once you get into the dining room its all old school. Black leather booths, crushed red velour wallpaper and dim lighting all set the mood for a relaxed and subdued dinner experience. Ordering the 16 oz Ribeye Steak ($39.50) was an easy choice for most steak lovers. The ribeye for has the perfect amount of marbling to meat ratio, this means that the meat will be really flavorful without being too fatty. I have to tell you, the ribeye at Durant's was one of the best steaks I've had in years. This thick juicy steak was everything that a steak should be, slightly salty with a distinct smoky char and perfectly tender. I also upgraded my side to the Stuffed Baked Potato ($4.95), think twice baked potato. Larry's 8oz New York Strip ($29.50) and loaded baked potato were delivered. Not only was the steak perfectly seasoned, it was expertly cooked at medium-rare as requested. A silence fell over the table as we enjoyed our meals together. Durant's not only impressed me and me made look good, but they made me proud of our restaurant heritage here in Phoenix. Durant's, thank you.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,3/17/2011,156,102,4,12,6>I loved the simplicity of my first dining experience at Beckett's Table. What looked like copper pipe cut for the napkin rings, small vases with a sprig of mint on each table... definitely no unnecessary frills here! Luckily the surroundings are simplistic because when the dishes are served - look out! Magic, spice and everything nice begins.We ordered almost everything on the menu (or so it seemed).So when it comes to starting off the meal, I highly recommend sharing the grilled cheese with pancetta & roasted red pepper tomato soup AND the vegetable chop salad with pumpkin seed brittle and a champagne vinaigrette. Although I won't lie - the creamy grits & spicy andouille sausage and mustard came in as a close second. The server mentioned there were three (count them....3!) different types of sausages in the dish. Fantastic and very unique.Onto the entrees! We tried four but of the ones we picked it was a close tie between the short ribs and the pork osso buco confit. The pork was interesting because it was served with a butternut squash spaetzle, roasted veggies and a black pepper reduction. Quite the combo!Looking for some serious winter-ish food?? Don't pass up the chicken n dumplings...just like mom used to make (shhh....only waaaaay better!)I almost forgot about the cocktails! They run a little on the sweet side so I'd recommend a cocktail to start but then stick with wine. We tried almost all of the cocktails but my fave was Miss Katie's Pimms Cup!Lastly, let's talk about dessert.While the chocolate dipped bacon s'mores, caramel, housemade marshmallow, whipped peanut butter and graham cracker was a novel idea - DO NOT PASS UP THE FIG & PECAN PIE. The fig is mashed into the most amazing crust (and I hate pie crust normally) and served with this cream cheese and citrus zest ice cream that was TO DIE FOR.The service was fantastic. The ingredients were fresh and the portions were larger than I'd expect for the price. Truly a wonderful addition to Arcadia.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,3/16/2011,375,90,11,10,11>What a lovely way to end an amazing weekend. I will definitely be returning, and next time it will be on a Saturday instead of a Sunday so we have time to get our day drink on. (They close at 3pm on Sunday) Best Bloody Mary I've ever had. This is not a typo. Perfection! We only had one because of the very busy day of shopping and dodging Auburn fans that lie ahead but trust that this will be rectified soon. We ordered the Sawmill Gravy with Biscuits and the Vegan Sandwich with fries. Both were incredibly tasty, meaning I ate half of my sandwich and stared longingly at the biscuits and gravy, giving in at the last minute by stealing repeated bites. I'm not vegan, I can do that.The table next to us had some sort of french toast concoction that looked out of this world. (Yes, I was the creeper eye raping your french toast. My apologies.) I'm not a huge fan of sweets, especially at breakfast/brunch time but I'm putting this on the list of things to try. Clearly, a list that will grow along with my waistline. nom nom nom The owner is sweet and greets you in a very genuine way upon entering. Not some 16 year old emo kid that doesn't know how to make eye contact. Score!  The service was a little slow, as mentioned in some other reviews but somehow it just kind of flowed with the laid back feeling of the place. The decor takes shabby chic to a new level and has a very relaxed vibe. Kinda makes you want to smoke a big fatty and drink mimosas all day long. Not that I've ever done that...  Places like this make me happy that I live where I do instead of the dreaded 'burbs'. It's nice to see parts of downtown flourish and I will continue to support these establishments by way of alcoholism and emotional eating. Especially if someone else is picking up the tab. You have earned a way into my heart Local Breeze!
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,3/15/2011,236,133,17,17,17>I'm not really a hot dog guy (not that there's anything wrong with that). When I crave a hot dog, I might get one and one is always necessary at a ball game and once in awhile i will get a hot dog at the gas station when in a pinch, but in general, I am not the sort of guy to go out of my way to find a wiener.That being said...The first time I went to Short Leash at the Public Market with Ayesha S. It was damned good but ya know...still a hotdog, not my thing necessarily. Second time I went was with Julia T. and I think "yeah I kinda get it, if you are into hot dogs..." Third time...something just opened inside of me...something magical and warm and I felt like Belle in Beauty and the Beast, my heart opening up and for the  first time not viewing it just as a hot dog (There must be something there that wasn't there before) but as a sandwich, a meal, a real step above what I am used to in the hot dog department.The actual hotdog...it is...How do i put it?...the texture and flavour are like BAM. Then the toppings...pick your own or go with one of the choice combinations they list...also they run specials with pet dog namesakes. You probably aren't going to get it wrong no matter what you go with.  The toppings are fresh, tasty and they are not stingy with em. It all gets loaded up into a flatbread which sounds odd but works.Here is the real kicker...these people are effing rad. I walk up and guy says to me "I'm sorry, I forgot your name." I had been there twice and not that recently I didn't even expect him to remember who I was at all. So then I go pay with my card and realize I forgot to get a bottle of water for my dog. The guy gives me a bowl of water for him and then the lady behind the counter asks if he can have a hotdog. She even assures me they are 100 percent beef. Gives my dog a free hot dog! Mind you I think they appreciated the work he was doing gathering signatures for the DT dog park. *ching* I felt tingly all over and knew it was true love. Cray good. CRAZY good.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,3/14/2011,989,176,14,12,10>Luci's is a cute marketplace located in the epicenter of what is quickly becoming the hottest area in the 602 for locally owned outstanding businesses.My first experience with Luci's was after having dinner at The Garage, my pal I and wanted to grab a coffee. We went in at about 9:30, and I was surprised to find two Debbie Downers working the counter. I tried to make a small joke, to see if these were people, or if the zombie uprising was starting, but I am still uncertain.Grabbed a coffee and cupcake and called it a night. The coffee was good and the cups were pretty cool, they had a built in heat sleeve, so you are wasting less paper. The cupcake was ok, but nothing to start a Facebook fan page over.Second visit was again after a visit to The Garage (hey, I am a simple creature) this time on a Friday at lunch. Happily, I had a complete different experience, and the staff were downright sweet. There were five people in my group, and I was ordering/paying for us all. After ordering two drips, and a mocha, the girl happily expressed, "Oh, I thought this was going to be a much more difficult order." It was kind of silly and sweet, almost like she meant to think that, and not say it, but her intentions were good, so I just told her we like to keep things simple. Walking over to prepare my coffee, another employee warmly greeted us and asked what we were up to today. It was a nice exchange, and it was great reflection on the place. I will chalk up my first experience to people being tired, I think we've all had days like that and no harm done.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,3/13/2011,1070,742,17,22,21>First of all, many thanks to the awesome Deb L. and her fun-loving hubby Michael, for hosting tonight's UYE at this elegant restaurant!  (It's definitely "date night" material-- and not only for romantic couples; I spotted a father and daughter, dressed to the nines, and they looked like they were having a great time!)  Nine of us were in attendance, and I'd say that the dinner was a huge success!  This was my first visit, and while I had to leave shortly after the food came out, I felt sad leaving this very lively group-- it was great to have caught up w/ Deb, Mike, and Heather C., and so nice to have made new acquaintances!  I hadn't even left the building yet, and I already knew I was coming back!  (Heather, we're definitely doing breakfast SOON!)While waiting for other Yelpers to arrive, I'd inquired about whether HB only served wines, since that was the only drink menu that was presented to us, but no, our friendly and very helpful server Chelsea said that HB had a full bar, and that she would return to let us know what specialty cocktails they had to serve that evening.  Besides their house red sangria ($9?), HB was also offering a Blackberry mojito ($9) and a St. Germain elderflower margarita ($11).  While both sounded delicious, I decided to go w/ the mojito since I have a large bottle of the elderflower liquor ($32!) sitting in my fridge back home (I was inspired to buy after having some elderflower champagne flutes at Chandler's Cork!)  Oh. My. God!  If you like berries, you MUST try this mojito!  It was so full of muddled whole blackberries, you'd think it was puree, and it wasn't overly sweet-- I felt like I was having quite a nutritious beverage!  I hardly tasted the alcohol...  I very much wanted to order another one, but I knew I had to leave early.  I cannot wait to come back for happy hour!  :DBy the time everyone showed up and had a chance to make introductions and make really interesting chit-chat (again, Deb and Mike were great hosts!), we were ready to order and eat!  I kid you not, everyone's selections looked amazing!  I'm sure we'll be reading about their selections soon enough, so let me tell you about mine...I was curious about the gouda mac 'n cheese from the very moment I read about it on Deb's prior review, so I knew to order these.  How fortunate to see that the Thai BBQ baby back ribs came w/ a side of it, as well as a green apple slaw.  I concede that the mac 'n cheese was good, but I think it would've been better w/ more cheese and slightly more crunchy breadcrumbs.  The sour apple slaw provided a nice crunch and just enough sweet-sour to counteract the spiciness of the baby back ribs.  Ohhh... those tender ribs!  The BBQ sauce was thick, sticky, sweet, yet had a great kick!  (I didn't find it too spicy, but others might... you've been warned!)  It was very fortunate for Mom that I had to leave the party so soon, or else she would not have had the chance to try the leftovers; there wouldn't have been any to take home!  (And yes, she's already eaten the rest of the meal!)Afterwards, I stopped at the adjoining market to take home a slice of Chocolate-peanut butter banana bread cake ($5), a Strawberry-blackberry handpie ($5), and a goat cheese-chive potato cake ($3).  (So many of the others had a potato cake as a side to their entree, and I was so envious-- they looked great on the plates, and everyone said they were delicious, and I completely agree w/ them!)  Loved the potato cake's great textures- the caramelized outer crust had enough crunch, but quickly yielded to reveal the buttery potato delight, w/ goat cheese crumbles all-throughout inside-- not at all greasy, and I loved the rich and creamy consistency that the goat cheese gave to the potato cake!  I will have to buy some of these to take home on every visit from now on!  FYI, the desserts were perfect, as well!  The crust on the handpie tasted almost like shortbread, the sugared top of the crust was exquisitely crisped, and the fresh berry filling also incorporated a citrus-y element-- my guess is orange peel/bergarmot oil essence.  The banana bread cake was so moist, had beautiful texture (see pics),  not too sweet, and packed full of banana goodness... Loved the peanut butter layer under the chocolate ganache "icing" (no powdered sugar used in their icings here!).  The cake also had peanut butter drizzle all over the top.  It's a pretty cake, and I wouldn't hesitate to order a whole one to-go...  Hey, Heather-- you free this weekend??
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,3/12/2011,848,353,23,22,22>So, there's this girl.  She's almost 40 and has never been taught about money.  Seriously.  So, she goes a home show and bumps into a guy who works for Waddell and enters a contest to get help.  She doesn't win, but goes anyway.Ryan Ficks.  Have you ever seen Office Space?  He should be in the movie, he's that cool and funny, but he also knows his shit when it comes to finances.Ryan took a LOT of time to show me how to start saving money for retirement, how to start saving for a house and generally how to do everything...financial.  I have a workbook that will help me get my shit together.  It's working!He didn't make me feel stupid in any way about my lack of knowledge in the finance area.  I felt appreciated while I was there.Go.  Ask for Ryan.  Let him know I sent you, since I bragged about my Yelp pull.Oh, and "Didja get the memo??"
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,3/11/2011,480,193,20,26,19>The idea of paying for a self-wash seemed a little silly, but after trying it at home and making a big mess -- only to end up with the dog outside in the mud within minutes after the bathing, and leaving them so moist that a funky smell develops as they dry -- it became an obvious and worthwhile choice.My first experience with self-wash, at a nearby competitor, was horrible, but my time at Wag&Wash was so much better.The facility here is clean and fairly spacious.  The stainless steel tubs are sturdy, and the spray equipment and drains all worked well.  They had a rubber brush to use on the dog's fur while sudsing and washcloths available for cleaning ears, etc.I did have a little trouble with the suction-cup-leash that was supposed to hold my 70 lb dog secured to the front side of the tub.  It didn't.  A wet dog jumping over the edge of a slippery wet stainless steel tub that's elevated several feet over a slippery wet tile floor is not a healthy combination for the poor dog, who pulled a "Bambi on ice" and comically (but i'm sure painfully) spread all four limbs out in all directions and landed face first on the floor.  I asked for a non-suction-cup leash and secured him to a bar at front of the tub afterwards, but damage done.Just go with the basic wash; the pricing options for various extras aren't worth it.  Why pay an extra several dollars for a specific scent of shampoo, when there isn't a conditioner with the same scent, since the conditioner is what the dog ends up smelling like afterwards, not the shampoo?The blow dryers were powerful enough to blow out not only the water, but lots of leftover hair.  Sometimes the nozzle end blew off the hose, but i'd rather have the blowers be too hard than too soft.I feed rawmeatybones, so i didn't shop the food selection much, but the premium brands offered are expectedly pricey.  I did pick up a rubber brush for cheap de-furring.I will be back to use my frequent washer card.Check out the pic of poor, wet, sad Doogie.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,3/10/2011,736,547,9,12,8>I will run on the treadmill for an hour to indulge in the deliciousness that is Louisiana Fried Chicken. The fried chicken is moist and spicy, I paired it with fried okra and mashed potatoes and gravy. It was probably a 2500 calorie meal and I loved every single bite.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,3/9/2011,75,306,10,15,13>Oh WOW!!!! I've only heard about this place through the reviews on Yelp, and from those alone I KNEW I had to go here! So the hubs and I set out on Saturday night at about 630ish. We arrived and it was already pretty busy. All the tables were seated and there were people in the lounge area. However the bar was open, and we could be seated immediately, so we snagged a couple stools. We were hungry and wanted to try a couple things. For starters we got the cheese curds and the fries and gravy. The curds were ok, I would have liked a crunchier batter on them, but they were seasoned very well. the Fries and gravy were the show stopper of the appetizers! herbed parsnips and potato's, Gruyere cheese and THE MOST heavenly mushroom gravy. Seriously soooooo good! Next up were the shrimp po'boys. They are served on freaken popovers!!!! These little gems were mouth watering! And I really don't eat a whole lot of shrimp, but damn! Last was the main event. Citrus brined fried chicken and white cheddar cheese waffles! GOOD LORD!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I cant stop thinking about that meal! We had a couple glasses of wine and some of that house made ginger ale, phenominal!The bartender/our waitress was soooo friendly, loved her! The atmosphere was pretty chill. The location is kinda ghetto...not the building, its beautiful, but its in a neighborhood that's a touch iffy, but whatev, I'll go anywhere for great food! Oh yeah, and I forgot to mention, they bring a little ball of cookie dough out as a bite of dessert, FOR FREE! Just the right amount after the feast we had! We will for sure be going back, hopefully the bar will be open, because they were quoting people 45 minute waits all night long and I am sooo not down for that kind of wait.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2007,11/19/2007,332,486,6,9,5>Matt's Big Breakfast? I'd say the only thing big about this place is the wait. When you walk up to the tiny place (it looks like a miniature brick block that you're not sure is big enough for humans), you scrawl your name down on a standard piece of notebook paper... and then you wait. Not fifteen minutes. Not twenty. More like 60. At least they have free water outside because, let's face, even in October, the Phoenix sun can be brutal.Peaking inside, you realize why there's such a wait: about 8 tables (most seat 2 or 4) and about 5 stools at the breakfast bar. It's no wonder... If you do the math, the average person takes about 30-45 minutes to eat breakfast. So, add the ordering time... the cooking time... the debit card time... And you have about an average of an hour per meal. The odds are against you.But, you put your name down, so you might as well suck it up. It's going to be a BIG wait for Matt's Breakfast. So, it's no wonder the food gets such great reviews. You're ravenous by the time your name is called -- you'd eat the fake flowers if you could away with it. Coffee is meh. At least they bring ya real cream. That's awesome. The decor is minimal. It's said the color orange makes one feel hungrier. I really don't think Matt needs to worry about his patrons being hungry by the time they sit down to eat. Again, the wait is BIG. But, I'll stop whining about that. Moving on... I ordered the daily special - a scramble with mushrooms and fotini cheese. It came with home fries and two wedges of cinnamon raisin bread. It looked very good when it arrived. One bite of the scramble and I thought, "I could have made this." The home fries were bland... nothing like Kerby Lane's in Austin, Texas (if you've ever been, you know what I'm talking about... please, somebody wipe the drool from my face...). The redeeming piece was the bread. Granted, it's not the best bread I've had, but it was pretty yummy. I made sure to finish all that off, but I left 1/2 my scramble and all but a couple bites of my home fries behind. As for the service, is was above average. Not extraordinary, like I somehow expected from a place like this that boasts the cozy feel of eating among friends. The service was prompt, though, and the people working were friendly and seemed to be in a chipper mood -- that's hard to imagine when you've been on your feet since before 6 a.m. with a consistent rush. One of the cute waitresses even made people outside laugh with, "We accept all kinds of payment. Cash. Credit. Check. Or you can work in the kitchen for a little bit." I thought her happy-go-lucky attitude was a breath of fresh air. In conclusion... Walking away from the tiny place, I commented, "I'm pretty sure I won't be going back there." From all the great reviews I've read, I had to try this place. I'm glad I did... it was definitely an experience, especially since the police showed up to deal with some next door squabble/drug bust/whoknowswhat. At least while I was waiting, I had free entertainment to occupy my time.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2007,11/18/2007,1251,1174,,3,5>Copper Star Coffee is not just a run-of-the-mill coffeehouse. It is a quiet and cozy neighborhood centered envirionment that was built on the lot of an newly renovated and converted old gas station. Locally owned, Copper Star is a good place to stop by for your traditional morning cup of joe or your extra particular espresso beverages. Also offering an array of specialty teas and fruit smooties, Copper Star is most notable in my book for their fresh, in house baked goods. I highly reccomend trying one of their frosted cupcakes...scruptious! In a hurry? Call in your order for pick up or use their drive-thru! Free wifi for customer use as well as long couches and lots of natural light, Copper Star is not too big, not too small, and perfect for those who want a mellow, non-pretentious, smoke-free place to drink coffee. One gripe: I do not reccomend their Chai tea lattes-- they seem too sweet for some reason. I do however, love their mochas and their antioxidant smoothies with pomegranates and Acai.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,11/17/2007,18,248,4,6,7>Green is the sort of place I wish existed in Berkeley, CA. It doesn't make sense that Tempe has it so good. It doesn't make sense that there isn't a place filled with vegan comfort food in CA. But enough of my boo-hooing.We stopped by for lunch and when we were done, I wished I was wearing my pants with the elastic waistband. The fries have that bumpy, crispy coating. (Bumpy + crispy = delicious.) The various sandwiches that I ingested were flavorful and filling (as 2 sandwiches often are).  The mock chicken parmesan was all I could have asked for: crispy and saucy, not too tough, and delightfully messy to eat. The Soynami was over the top heavenly: chocolate and peanut butter having a meeting in a cup and I was the chairman of the board.It makes visiting Arizona fun! Well, it already is fun*, but you get my point.______________________*really hot
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,11/15/2007,35,23,3,6,6>This is a fantastic radio station.  Wake up and listen to news on NPR; fall asleep after a long day at work listening to great jazz.  Plus, the selection of jazz the station plays is fantastic, including a nice variety of jazz vocals, which I've never really heard much on other jazz stations.  I'm not big on modern, free jazz (a la John Coltrane), but I haven't heard much of that on this station, so I'm happy -- this is definitely a 5 star radio station.
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,11/13/2007,215,277,2,6,8>This place needs a sixth star.The most romantic place for breakfast in all of Phoenix ... outdoor and indoor dining ... it's self seating ... but before you select your table you place your order on the supplied clipboards ... you then you turn them in and pay and they give you a number to place on your table.  A waitress supplies water and your drinks ... but you serve yourself coffee (all of which works out PERFECTLY).Bar none this the (new) best breakfast place in town ... I had the pancakes which were out of this world.  We sat outside with a picturesque view of downtown all while a guitar player played ... just AMAZING ... Yet again another incredible independent business playing a huge roll in the amazing resurrection of Downtown Phoenix.Go here ... seriously ... you WILL thank me (no need, really)!
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2007,11/12/2007,4473,1489,3,15,11>TOP FIVE REASONS TO LOVE WICKED BAKERY:#5 - How many bakeries do you know of with great websites like this:  wickedbakery.com  Not to mention how cool the 'wicked' witch logo is?!#4 - WICKED BREW!  Who doesn't love a caffeine boost along with their favorite treat?  Even the courier guy that comes in and out daily is always getting a cup of joe for his ride!  #3 - The Wicked Selection of Desserts to choose from!  My favorites are the 'carrot,apple, raisin' muffins and the red velvet cupcakes... mmm... my mouth is watering just thinking about them!  There is also a 'Wicked Little Dog' line coming soon!#2 - Wicked will be a hit at any party!  I recently brought a couple of dozen cupcakes with me to a party and they were the center of attention - I felt bad because it took away from the birthday girl!  The presentation is amazing... I tried the neapolitan retro cupcakes and the chocolate molten for the first time... to die for!  Nationwide Shipping available too... I guarantee that when someone opens their elegant wicked box of treats, they will love you forever!#1 - Slade Grove - the executive chef / owner.  Slade is a character!  He is so much fun to visit and you can tell that he loves what he does.  He puts his passion into his baking every single day!   His work is incredible... I've seen custom creations for all kinds of celebrations in his kitchen.  Slade teaches cooking classes and I am sure they are a blast.  We're coming into holiday season... go visit Slade and share the 'wicked' experience with your loved ones!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,11/11/2007,742,648,1,6,4>I couldn't help but be amazed that the new FOODBAR restaurant stands for so much! They stand for local sourcing of organic and natural foods, artisan breads and friendly-outgoing customer service. Their slogan SEASONAL. FRESH. FLAVORFUL is true to it's words! The 2 of us took a romantic walk over the Scottsdale canal (hipsters may call it the Scottsdale Waterfront but I believe in calling it what it is) last night to FOODBAR. We have been hearing somethings about fresh, organic local and decided to check it out. There was a wonderful person there named Ruth who greeted us with a cheery smile and a sweet and helpful nature. The concept is simple.. a horseshoe shaped bar that you walk through and place your order. Well the problem is that there are several different menus including specials, sandwiches and hot foods. So you really have to think about things before you order. I didnt even know about the hot foods until I saw the chef plating up one of the juiciest looking chickens. I had already ordered or I would have been all over that! I think once the chef and manager figure out how to simplify the people will stop scratching their heads and eat. I have some suggestions for simplification even anyone from FOODBAR is reading!We ordered a bacon and goat cheese flat bread.. a Cuban sandwich.. bbq sandwich and a white bean salad which was large enough to share. All the food was fantastic! The star was the white bean salad and the Cuban sandwich! The sandwich must have been close to a lb.. we could have easily shared that the flat bread and the salad and not had been as stuffed as we got! Oh, they also now serve wine and beer! The food we ate SCREAMED for wine! FOODBAR is very casual, comfortable and stands for many great things.. it's not pricey, we spent 35 bucks for the 2 of last night and I would say we over ordered. This will be a very cool place to order a few things and share some wine and conversation with. It's certainly going into regular rotation.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2007,11/10/2007,454,555,5,7,8>I love this place, so stay away.  It's probably Phoenix's best effort at a NY or LA hipster dance den.  It's in an abandoned strip mall, and is divey, dumpy, gross, but hip, cooler than thou, and sneeringly ironic in a way that befits its clientele.  I mean nowhere else can you find a more fun crowd, lit-up Saturday Night Fever dancefloor, chewed-the-hell-up naugahyde furniture, scary bathrooms, and checkerboard tile walls straight out of a David Lynch film.Each night offers it's own DJs and theme night - everything ranging from Electrostatic, to 90s night to 70s soul and hip hop.  Faux Show Fridays are the best.  Music here is cutting edge - with a few East Coast electro musicians stopping by here to perform. The club is tiny and rough around the edges.  Drinks are served in plastic cups, but are dirt cheap and potent as hell.  I can't seem to go here without getting crazy trashed.  One time a DJ went to get me a free rum and coke and came back with 151 and coke.   Damn, alright!  People here come from all walks of life (but it skews similar to the crowd at Rogue) - the aforementioned hipsters, literatis, indies, Downtowners, Tempe folk, skanks, hos, freaks, burnouts, gays, straights, bi's, fashionistas, wannabe jogging suit fanatics, some lost truckers, and other sordid but fun characters.  People watching is almost as good as the Scottsdale clubs, but at least the crowd is more fun and dressed in edgier late-80s inspired duds.  I mean one time, I was Blotto out of my mind on the kick-ass dancefloor and spotted some chick getting with some random dude in a Lucha Libre mask. God I love this place, did I mention that?
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2007,11/9/2007,56,287,,4,4>I had been meaning to go to Taneko for a long time and finally managed it last week. The servers were surprisingly friendly and attentive without being awkward and overbearing. It's such a fine line, but when walked correctly, it works out really nicely. Anyhow, upon a strong recommendation from our bartender, we ordered the sizzled fish appetizer. It was a sashimi plate but the fish was heavily seasoned and fresh and downright delicious. I went with a steak salad for dinner, which was lovely, but not outstanding. What IS outstanding, however, is the Monday special: Half Price Wine and Sake ALL NIGHT LONG. Apparently this is some sort of summer deal so don't be flustered if you read this in November and it no longer exists. I was teetering on a fifth star for Taneko but didn't give it for the following reasons:1) My last review was a 5 star, and I only have so many of those up my sleeve. 2) It almost felt a little Houston's-ish inside. Not that that's a bad thing, but is it wrong to prefer a little edginess at my Japanese restaurants?3) Some of the items aren't priced right. A spicy tuna roll for ten bucks? Not the kind of edgy I'm talking about.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,11/8/2007,11,20,,4,5>AAAAmazing :)  We were in the Phoenix area for a few days and checked yelp to see if any yelpers had found a good place nearby.  They did, and they led me to Cowboy Ciao.  Thanks yelp, you've never steered me wrong!!!We went for the sharing approach and we ordered a lot, so that we could try different flavors.  Two of us= one salad, one appetizer, two entrees = YUM but stuffed.  We had the Stetson chopped salad since everyone seems to love it. It really was what people say, amazing. It wasn't a typical chopped salad, it was a mix of very unique but beautifully complementary tastes and textures.  Israeli couscous, smoked salmon or chicken, air dried corn (yummy, sweet, and with a texture that reminds me of astronaut ice cream), currants, and some other things I can't remember mixed together with Buttermilk dressing.  YUM!Appetizer = steak and eggs.  Very strange, needing "instructions" from the waitress, but it was very good.  Essentially some really smokey, good beef jerky, one pickled egg, and some shoestring potatoes, but more like chips.  Alone they taste aok but really interesting and good when eaten together, as advised.Entrees = a mushroom pan fry which was essentially a really really good mushroom sauce with lots of mushrooms in it (different types) and some polenta. Really good!  I advise that only mushroom lovers order this dish, it is definitely chock FULL of mushroom taste. AND pork chop...amazing with blue cheese inside, a nicely seared chop, yummy figs on top, really good bread pudding. Summary: really good mix of flavors, complexity, combinations, etc.  Highly recommend for those looking for new flavors!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,6/28/2008,24,23,20,10,8>So today I felt like pushing myself a little so I decided I would conquer Summit Trail at Piestewa Peak as an appetizer before making the short drive over to Camelback Mountain for my main course.Well the first thing I noticed is that this place is quite different from Camelback Mountain. Unlike Camelback:-There are multiple parking lots. The parking spaces themselves are substantially larger. If you're a "car person" as am I then you giggle like a schoolgirl when you see the perfect space to leave your baby.-There was a considerably lesser amount of hikers on Summit Trail. I suppose this is good if you like the solitude and serenity of man and nature alone. If you're a "people watcher" then I suggest you stick with Camelback.-The terrain of Piestewa Peak is also noticebaly different. There is a vast amount of igneous and metamorphic rock on the trail making it a hell of a lot rougher on the limbs in the event of a fall. Expect a lot of sharp, angular rocks as opposed to the sandy, more rounded sedimentary rock of Camelback.-The grade of the Summit Trail at Piestewa Peak is not as steep as Camelback however it is more windy and there are more trails in totality as opposed to the few Camelback has to offer. For leg work accompanied by cardio I suggest Piestewa Peak. For more of a full body workout accompanied by cardio I suggest Camelback's Echo Canyon trail.By the way, on the walk to the Summit Trail head I encountered a snake. It startled me so I said "Ooh, shit." I guess he could sense my fear as he then stood up and approached me stopping inches from my face. He told me that it was his playground and that he didn't want any nerds on it. I replied that "I was just trying to live my life." He then demanded my lunch money. After I handed it to him he shoved me to the ground knocking my glasses off and ripping my Nirvana t-shirt. The other snakes laughed. It was humiliating. I'm never going back there again!Okay, sorry. In all seriousness today I did encounter a snake (dark green nearly black with a bright yellow pattern on it's back) that was about 4 feet long. As you enter the park the first parking lot is located on the right. I parked here. Across the road from this parking lot is a trail that will allow you to bypass walking on the main road to access the Summit Trail head. I was walking with my shades on when the Man up above told me to remove my shades so I could see where in the hell I was going. Not even a minute later in the gully to the right of this trail the snake slithers out of the wall of this gully. Again, it was about four feet long, which was enough for me to get my ass up to the actual trail head with a little bit more pep in my step than usual.Folks: Do your thing, have fun, but pay attention to your surroundings and please watch your kids and your pets. If you have kids take your cellular on the trail with you; better to have it and not need it than to need it and not have it.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/12/2008,6/27/2008,42,78,1,11,6>Don't let my 3 stars deceive you.  Sea Saw's food is unbelievably delicious, but I'm not just rating the taste of the food.  If that were the case, this place would definitely get 5 stars.  I went last Friday night with my boyfriend to meet my friend and her fiance for dinner.  It was all of our first times dining there so we didn't know what to expect.  I had checked out the menu ahead of time, but I didn't know much more than that.  We decided to dine a la carte as opposed to Omikase so you should know what you want to do before calling for reservations.  We asked if it was small portions, which the waitress said it would be.  She said that the four of us could share each individual dish.  We ordered 7 dishes:   * Hamachi - sliced yellowtail on top of grapefruit and avocado with       ponzu sauce   * Seared Tuna Tataki - with Pinot Noir reduction and roasted beet       puree   * Cool Duck - Pan seared breast, chilled, in a soy zinfinadel       reduction   * Lamb - Curry Coconut milk and peanut sauce marinade, grilled      with red pepper coulis   * Shinshu Mushi - Steamed sea bass, green tea soba noodles,      ume-shiso scented mushroom broth   * White fish carpaccio - thinly sliced with ginger, sesame seeds,       yuzu juice and roasted garlic oil   *  Japanese Mushroom Melange - assorted mushrooms baked      in parchment paperAs I stated above, each dish was delicious.  They all garnered "mmm" and "ooooh", but what we didn't like was that in between each dish, it took about 15-20 minutes.  The portions are miniscule so we finished eating the dish within a minute, but had to wait forever while we starved for the next dish.  The nice thing was that a different chef or on occasion the waitress, would bring the dish and explain exactly how it's prepared.  These 7 delectable, yet teeny tiny, miniscule, need-a-magnifying-glass-to-see dishes took us 3 hours to get through.  We also decided to get all 3 of the desserts on the menu since we knew they would be small.  One was a dark chocolate tofu mousse, which was really good, but it had more of a consistency of pudding.  I can't remember the other 2 desserts that well since I wasn't crazy about them, but i remember one had banana ice cream on it and the other was like small fried profiterole/doughnuts.  The chocolate mousse was my fave, but my boyfriend and my friends enjoyed the other desserts more.During the whole dinner we were saying that we'll probably have to go elsewhere to eat more afterwards because we were not full.  Our bill, including the bottle of sake was over $200.  I don't usually complain about portion size and price when the food is so delicious, but we were still hungry and didn't feel like sitting around for another 3 hours to get 7 more dishes that still wouldn't fill us up.  My favorite sushi-and-more restaurant in LA is Katsuya.  Their portions are not huge, either, but they fill you up.  My boyfriend and I eat there for about $200 and we're stuffed beyond belief by the time we're done and we're done in half the time it took at Sea Saw.  Once again, I do think the food at Sea Saw is mouth-watering and the service is impeccable, but prepare to sit for a long long dinner.  Eat beforehand, too.  If you're starving, here is not the place to eat unless you want to drop $400 each to dine.  I may eat here again the next time I'm in Scottsdale, but I would probably do Omikase instead.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,6/26/2008,708,1493,8,8,6>Blue Moon and Fat Tire on tap.  Blue Moon Good.  Fat Tire Good.  Jim like hearty beer.  Why no Guinness on tap?Service friendly.  Onion rings good.  Appetizers good.  Chicken Wings pretty good.TV's many.  And big.  Many sports.  Balls on screen.  Round balls.  Oblong balls.  Men chase balls and catch balls.  Men fall down.  Men throw balls.  Many TV's.  People eat food and watch many men and many balls.  People have fun.  Jim like.  Where Jim's beer?
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,6/25/2008,44,156,7,12,9>Accidentally found this place. We were totally on the way to the Thai place on the same plaza when Chez Monieux appeared. Cajun food? Hummmm... My friend said he had Thai but have not had Cajun and that sealed the deal. So, we go inside and place is totally empty. I mean no one is there. WOW What the?!? But no matter, we were quickly greeted and seated at the table of our picking. Chit-chat with the guy and turns out they are like super new. Just opened up and not many people even know about them, and today supposedly weirdly slow anyhow. Ok cool, better for us!!We order up 2 platters and it shows up real quick. They even split it for us as we asked, so we can easily try each other orders. And try we did! It was GOOD! I mean, really REALLY good stuff. And it was lots of it. Did i mention it was good? In fact, my buddy could not stop eating it even though her kept on saying -"I can not stuff anything else in!" But its simply too hard to pull yourself from it.I do not give rave reviews very often, but this is totally one of them. You should absolutely check it out, its worth it. Yes, it might be in the little plaza next to the freeway and ambiance might be all but non-existent. But who cares?!? Go for food. You will not be disappointed!PS: Went there a little while ago again with thy wife. She liked it as well. They now have full bar and about 6 beers on tap, including one from New Orleans (Raspberry one, real refreshing.)"I like""Very nice"
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,6/24/2008,1929,1761,6,9,10>I rode on the bus and saw this little diner on the corner of North First Street and McKinley Ave. And of course, the name also attracted (ahem) yours truly. This is "not" a big diner at all. Its well-bright lights make this diner very reassuring. There also numerous awards from various sources posted throughout this small restaurant including the top restaurants voted by the Food Network. Hopefully there will be a Yelp-sticker posted on the door. Unfortunately my meal at "Matt's" breakfast place at noon happens to be for lunch. They do serve breakfast all day till closing at 2:30 pm. I had a craving for a Reuben Sandwich. My $7.50 sandwich had fresh Corned beef, sauerkraut, Swiss-cheese, and Thousand-Island dressing in a pair of grilled dark-rye bread. My tasty sandwich comes with home-made fried potatoes. I also bought an endless cup of fresh locally grown coffee to wash my sandwich down. I enjoyed my meal on a table near a window where I can watch the busy streets and view of the desert over the mountain. I paid my $11.00 meal with Visa. I actually enjoy my meal at my own restaurant.  With the waitress being very friendly, I taught them well. It's also a good thing that I came on a weekday; because I would imagine that my diner would be crowded on the weekends.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,6/23/2008,67,278,5,9,6>If you ever had 3 days of meetings in different cities each day, spending more time at the airports than the hotels, you will discover that you can end up eating non stop because food is available everywhere...at the meetings, at the hotel, in your luggage.... and you  eat sometimes just to pass the time.   At the end of the 3rd day, I had seen enough food to feed the LSU National champion football team.  I could out fast Les or Bear on their survivor showsDinner time was approaching.....My business associate and I couldn't face a full course dinner for at least another 24 hours...but we knew we had to eat something so we wouldnt wake up at 3 am famished.  I remembers reading about this place in Yelp that would be perfect for our situation....so remembering some favorable Yelp reviews in Phoenix  I said to him:"How about pastys for dinner?"He went from a relaxed and carefree disposition to a stunned and shocked demeanor.   He looked me like I was from another planet and his glance indicated doubt about my integrity.   Then with a delayed but dry smile he spoke up and said...."Aren't those things they wear at the.....""NOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!    Not pasties......pastys."   I retorted quickly before the people in the lobby heard the next nouns he was just about to utter.   "Pasty's with a short vowel, not long.   Have you ever had one.?"Still thinking of the long vowel version, he hesitated a little and answered with a "No" veiled with a lot of doubt and concern."Good.   That's where we're going."    As I glanced over to him, I could see a sense of curiousity, dispair and expectation of upcoming chaos.We arrived at 7:45 pm.   It's dark everywhere.   In the street, in the parking lot.   We enter the restaurant and it's no brighter.   It is a very narrow and long restaurant with just enough room for seats at the bar nearly the length of the store and small side tables on the side.  The interior decoration theme is obvious here.   Build the biggest bar that would fit in this row house type of store, and accessorize the rest of the restaurant around the bar.  Sitting in a very dark restaurant, with Beatle music blaring away, this English pub type of place had a huge variety of pastys....from traditional steak and potatoes, to bangers and mash, to more contempory selections that include vegetarian, curries, and fish.   They have a huge selection of international beers, many of which are of the UK......duhhh.I wanted to eat "light" so I selected the Lovely Bit a Salmon which isAtlantic Salmon in a white wine cream & dill sauce, sauted asparagus, spinach, roasted red potatoes, spinach and roasted tomatoes. WHAT A GREAT DISH.   Everything was layered carefully inside the pasty which was served cut in half.  The salmon was cooked perfectly.  The asparagus was not over cooked but had a crunch.   All the flavors blended well together.   I still wasn't hungry so I took one half of it back to the hotel....and had it for breakfast the following morning......which tasted just great.My buddy had Spicy Asiago Chicken which was spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes with a side of sour cream & salsa.   That too was excellent.If ever in Phoenix, this would be worth any drive to have lunch or dinner and a beer.After dinner I asked him if he would return to eat here and he said he readily would.    Then I detected a slight pause and a curl of a smile in the background.........maybe he was fantasizing buying a long vowel...
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,6/22/2008,236,133,10,13,10>Remember that scene in Lady and the Tramp with the spaghetti...don't lie. you remember. Anzios always reminds me of that scene. Small, quaint, the little checkered table cloths. Its adorable.They have great pizza. there is something special about the crust and thick cheese that they use and the mild yet tasty sauce. The salads are always perfectly chilled, perfect lettuce. The hotwings are making my mouth water thinking about them.The service has always been terrific. I have been going for years and have not had one single bad experience. They are prompt and friendly but not clingy to the table. and Its been awhile but 30 cent wing night was always something a little special.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,6/21/2008,2083,305,8,15,11>I attended Michael C's Ubuntu release party (I may have arrived a little early) with my Dell Dimension 2400, and I'm not sure which one of us had the better time.  Upon entering Red Seven, I noticed a long table full of fruit and veggie trays, appetizers, snacks and desserts.  In a corner of the store was an actual bartender who was ready to serve up cocktails, beer, wine or soft drinks.Michael greeted me promptly, directed me to a spot where I could rest my computer, and invited me to have a drink and look around while the install technician was finalizing his preparations for the evening's event.  That's when I noticed the low prices of their computers.  The first system I came across was $250, with others dipping below the two hundred mark.When I initially walked in, Michael was with a customer, so I listened in to their conversation as I browsed.  Michael seems like the kind of knowledgeable salesman who doesn't just want to make a sale, but wants to make a fit.When the install area was ready, Chris came out to the store floor, and Michael introduced me to him.  Chris carried my mini-tower to the technician area, with me in tow.  We chatted for a bit as he removed the side panel and looked inside, where he found some of my handiwork (a secondary hard drive hanging by the ribbon).  Immediately, he went into a bin and retrieved a hard drive housing, and secured my hardware.Chris is a very personable guy, who enjoys making music using his computer.  He even let me check out a few of his tracks when I asked about them.Michael ordered several pizzas, so I indulged while watching masters of Ubuntu showcase the new product on two of Red Seven's floor models.  The place got pretty full, with several attendees being from a retirement community.  That's pretty cool.An hour an a half later, the install was complete, and I now had several desktops available within a spinney cube.  If you go down to Red Seven, they can show you exactly what that means.  So you ask: What was the charge for this service?  Not a penny.  Because this was a release party, they provided this service free of charge, while providing the attention one would pay top dollar for.Trustworthy, Knowledgeable, Personable, Affordable.  If these all sound like good traits to you, then check out Red Seven.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2008,6/20/2008,742,648,16,10,11>Sometimes you just dont get what you pay for. Like paying nearly 5 bucks for a large frozen yogurt and getting a less then half full cup. Then a buck for the first topping which was so stingy. I chose mochi and seriously, there were about 6 pieces. Were not talking quality over quantity here.. the frozen yogurt was good, very light sour yogurt taste, not much tang. I make the same recipe at home and its good but not 6 bucks a cup good. Maybe the lady there at Chill saw my fat ass and decided that she needed to put me on a diet! I did have a taste of the gelato and thought it was really good.. I think if I go here again I will certainly stick with the gelato.. seems that those cups are literally packed. You live you learn.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2008,6/19/2008,1710,1170,1,10,7>This is really good Mexican food on a budget. The decor is standard, the service is wonderful, and the food is amazing. I have been to this location several times and have been pleased with everything I have ever ordered. The tostadas and the chimichingas really stand out in my memory.Their chips and salsa are some of the best I have tasted.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,2/3/2011,690,342,18,18,19>This is the exact place I love to hate. But I can't. I cannot hate you, Lodge. I just can't!In fact, if this place didn't have taxidermied animals (yes, I just made a word up) and antler headpiece things as chandeliers, I would probably be giving this place 5 stars....... I KNOW! I can't believe it either!!My first experience with The Lodge was as Yelp Bachelorette. I was hammered (give me a break; it was the most important day of my life so far) so I didn't think it was fair to review after not really "being there," if you know what I mean.My second experience was last night with THE Bachelor himself, Dallas G. Yet again, the staff was incredibly friendly, quick with the service, and willing to accommodate my vegan, gluten free existence without fault. They have an amazing black bean veggie burger and orgasm inducing sweet potato fries.  DG could learn a thing or two from those fries.Just Kidding. Now, here is the BEST part of all: THREE DOLLAR SKY VODKA DRINKS FOR THE LADIES.You don't need to know the rest.
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,2/2/2011,1114,557,13,11,11>Dump sureBeer sureKaraoke sureBad karaoke YESCrazy Cowboy guy Hell YesThis place is a total dive, but serves beer and has pool and karaoke. We had a good time but doubt I would ever need to be there again. Cowboy was the coolest part. That man has found the secret to life.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2010,2/1/2011,357,399,8,19,18>Upon my second visit to Lobby's I tried the Italian Beef Sandwich.  WOW!  Go hungry if you're gonna get this one cause it is HUGE!  And it's really more of a knife and fork sandwich.  Oh sure, you can try to eat it like a sandwich but you're probably going to be picking up a lot of the filling with your fork so just cut it up and get every bite the first time.  The beef is so tender and tasty!  YUM!.  Let me speak about customer service for a moment.  I love being treated like a valued customer.  If I'm going to spend my hard earned cash somewhere I want a smile, willingness to help if I have questions, and getting my order correct. If they do that right then they are tops in my book. The last two weeks I have gone to two establishments that not only did all these things but they remembered me by name!  When I walked into Lobby's for lunch last week I was greated warmly by Lobby himself and he remembered me!  It's been a while since I was last in and I know he sees people all day long and I'm not what I would call particularly memorable.....I mean I don't have tats or pink hair, I'm just your average woman but Lobby goes that extra mile.  He really cares about his business and it shows.  There were some gentleman just finishing off their lunches and he took the time to ask them how it was and listened to their critique of the food.  He did it graciously and asked some questions genuinely wanted to know the answers.  Lobby cares.  His place is still spotless, again, a big plus for me.  When I crave a burger, this is what I crave.  A real beef patty with fresh ingrediants, cheese, and sometimes bacon.  This is by far my favorite burger joint.  Support your locan businesses!!  Especially the ones that go that extra mile and really care!!!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,1/31/2011,296,138,14,16,9>I use this place for all my health issues, from lady bits to kidney stones. The front office staff is courteous and friendly. The nurse practitioners professional and personable. I never have to wait very long to get an appointment to see the doc and once I arrive and sign in it's a pretty quick turn around. No waiting in a smelly front office for hours. The front office section is modern and bright with lots of comfy chairs. The ubiquitous magazine selection is pretty well stocked and some kiddy toys are around if you got ankle biters in tow. Dr. Anne-Marie Reed has a wonderful demeanor with patients. She spends plenty of time addressing your needs and suggesting solutions. In addition to addressing the problem at hand, she makes sure to inquire into everyday lifestyle choices (without being nosy, preachy or judgmental about it) and offers suggestions for ways to live healthier. Improving community health starts at the individual level and knowledge is power, so go Dr. Reed!If you do need a prescription for something, she doesn't push the hard sell on a name brand drug (unless that's the only option of course), and has always offered a generic alternative than runs me less than ten bucks at Walgreens. The only gripe I have is that they play pseudo-news (FOX) in the lobby and I have to listen to fear mongering before I get in to see the doc. (But then again, this is Arizona.) I think the tiny candy bowl on the way out more than makes up for it though!
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2010,1/30/2011,100,799,8,15,14>I had the pleasure of being the first customer to this brand new restaurant today!  I was joined by Mike C. & Robyn N., & we feasted on approximately 130 different, delicious food items, including Chicken Cordon Blue, bok choy, stuffed scallops, lots of other seafood including Sushi, & a variety of shrimp & fish dishes.  There is also a Mongolian BBQ with plenty of meat & veggie choices.  Lots to like here!Lunch Buffet $7.95/$7.16 Sr.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2010,1/29/2011,708,1493,10,14,14>A big ole' double handful of bangers and mash with red wine gravy!  That's what was in my pasty!  First time here and I can't wait to go back!  Man was that good!I am looking forward to working my way through the menu at this place.  I met fellow Yelper Donald S here for lunch and we sat at the bar where we could watch the kitchen.  As I watched the busy bees busily going about making pasties and other delicious looking things I noticed the ingredients sitting around on shelves...nothing prefab.  No bags from Sysco or some other purveyor of pre-made restaurant ingredients.  Nope, just fresh veggies, fresh meats, lots of big cans and bottles of spices and seasonings.  I am getting hungry right now thinking about the food.  Yum.Update (I've been there again since I started my review):Now that I have gone a second time and tried a salmon pasty, the royale pasty (sort of like a bacon cheeseburger) and shared a dessert I can unequivocally state that Cornish Pasty is one of my top ten favorite restaurants in Phoenix.Service has been great and my last visit I sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen and chatted with the folks as they were cooking.  Nice people here!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,1/28/2011,744,637,11,13,10>I am so glad this business sells Tamales at the Downtown Public Market because there's no way I am driving to Cave Creek just to buy them. Don't get me wrong. They are good and delicious, but it's too far of a drive. I'm so pleased that you can call and order ahead and pick them up at the Downtown Public Market. The vegetarian and vegan options are awesome.I've had their Mushroom, Corn and Spinach Tamales and the Polano Chile and Cheese which are both equally scrumptious.But buyer beware, one tamale may not be enough and you will be severely tempted to buy a few more.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,1/27/2011,311,459,7,16,15>This is now my favorite Thai restaurant in the Valley. It is modest in appearance both outside and inside, but the food is awesome, and Joann (the business card says "Joann's Kitchen - Thai Buffet & American Sandwiches, etc.") gives the service such a friendly, personal touch. At the start of your meal, you are served a delicious chicken lemongrass soup and appetizers of chicken satay, beef, sticky rice, and green papaya salad. The selection of main dishes may not be as extensive as in most Asian buffets, but the dishes are excellent, freshly prepared, and have a comforting home-cooked flavor. As my fellow yelpers Rand H. and Robyn N.  noted when we had lunch here, it's like dining in a Thai family home rather than in a restaurant. As with most buffets, you can eat all you want. But in this establishment, you go to the food counter and choose from the array dishes to be served to you. You can also ask Joann to prepare dishes to order, as Hector F. mentioned in his review - another departure from the usual style of Asian buffet restaurants. Fresh fruit is also served, at the end of the meal or with the meal (fresh fruit is eaten with the main courses in a number of Asian cultures), and if you have room after all the feasting, coconut ice cream, lychee rice pudding, and pumpkin custard cap the meal. This place is a bit far from where I live, but it's definitely worth the drive ... and I'm so glad it's not far from where I work. Yay!!!
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2010,1/26/2011,285,121,16,13,10>I've been to Fez three times in the past 2 weeks. That's normally a frequency I reserve for the Vig, but I'm glad I did because I've now had a burger, a salad, and brunch, which means I can give a very well rounded review.  That well rounded review is: EVERYTHING EFFING ROCKS.Seriously, the sweet potato fries. Are you kidding me with those damn sweet potato fries? Extraordinary. I cheers them with people sometimes. It's really lame. I apologize to everyone I've done that too, I just feel they need to be revered.The Brunch? Um $3 morning beverages and the Fez Omelette that's so full of goat cheese there is literally not ONE bite without it?   NOT ONE BITE.  Outstanding.The little half versions of their salads is more than enough for me, and at $7 they are a great value, considering the good shit to lettuce ratio. They go very heavy on the good shit (you know, the stuff that actually has a taste).I can see how everyone loves the Fez burger too. To be honest, I'm not a huge BBQ fan so the flavor isn't really for me, but if you are I'm sure it would be pure deliciousness.The service is always amazing, with impeccable timing and great knowledge of the product. It's like they've actually tried everything on the menu. Shocking, I know.I guess in order to really round out my review I should try a soup and a dessert. I'll have to just make a huge sacrifice for Yelp and go do that now. Only in the interest of giving the best review I can give. Not because I'm salivating at the thought of Fez while typing this. No, no. That's not why at all.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/25/2011,358,75,4,16,13>High Tea...this is one of the best in the valley!The beautiful environment, piano playing, and exquisite service is topped by no other place.The chairs are so comfortable and the china so fine.We started with high quality Darjeling tea followed by an array of tea sandwiches including egg salad, cucumber cream cheese, smoked salmon and a few others.  You can eat as many as you want!The next course was two scones a plain and a cranberry served with delightful lemon curd, fresh strawberry jam  and my favorite clotted cream that was whipped!The last course is the desserts.  Mini chocolate cake, raspberry cake,  lemon dessert,  chocolate covered strawberries and shortbread!  It's a nice place for a birthday they sing and make a big deal with extra dessert...We left full and pleased!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,3/10/2008,215,519,5,7,8>Ah, what can I say? I fell in love with chez nous the minute I walked in the door (well, maybe five minutes after: I had to wait for my eyes to adjust from the blazing summer sun to the barely lit interior of this retro saloon).Everything - and I mean everything is just how I remembered: The long bar; the line of cushioned booths along the wall; the wall of rock water feature behind the bar; the only light provided by super dim wall fixtures reminiscent of the late 19th century; the vintage velour wallpaper (now sans the yellowing and 45+ years of old cigarette smoke); the 70s soundtrack- it was all here! We determined it was slightly smaller than the OG location, but setup almost identically, save for a certainly separate entry room - which, p.s. contained an ATM (this bar is cash only) AND an old school black-and-white photo booth ( a real one, that gives you actual photo-paper print outs). There was a live band on *Wednesday* night - and they weren't half bad. They won my heart by opening with an instrumental cover of Ms. Jackson (if you're nasty)'s That's The Way Love Goes. Wonderful. Sadly, the special was $3 shots of purple hooter and some other shot I can't recall because i instantly began musing on my other options as soon as I heard "hooter" (it's a weeknight, for chrissakes - what am i? 22?). I believe thurs is 2-for-1 ladies night, too bad we missed that. So, me and the G settled for our mutual love of (well) G&Ts for $4 a pop. I believe draft beers were $3.50, imports $5 and top shelf up to $8.But we stuck to the G&T, which our barmaid was kind enough to pack a helluva punch in. just three and I was already planning my ipod song list for the ride home (not alarmingly in and of itself, but my chosen songs were a tell-tale sign of drunkenness: lionel Richie/all night long; Britney spears/Gimme More; ToTo/Africa...you get the idea). she was also kind enough to come out to our table when she noticed we were getting low to replenish our liquids.All in all this place, including its new location, are A+++ in my book.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2007,3/9/2008,31,0,3,5,5>Who knew there was a Greek poutine? They're calling it "Greek fries," but come on -- fries, sauce, lumps of white cheese. Poutine. Only Greek. And addictive. Eat too many of these on the beach at Crete, and you won't be able to live your Shirley Valentine fantasies of pursuing busboys through the Mediterranean surf.Potentially equally addictive are their house meatballs, of which I got just one *sob* because there'd been a run on meatballs earlier in the day. The chicken souvlaki was juicy (rare enough with white-meat chicken, these days) and beautifully charred from the grill.My love of this restaurant probably speaks ill for its authenticity, as I usually celebrate my Mediterranean heritage by avoiding all regional cuisine except for baklava, lavosh, and manti. There's a distinct Californication in the air, not least because the servers are perky-yet-mellow and the decor suggests a beach hut in tiki land as much as it does a Greek island.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2008,3/8/2008,172,180,5,5,3>During December I had a slow leak in my guest bathroom toilet that I ignored until my water bill came and I was shocked it had increased by 20 bucks over the prior month.  I took action and had Scottsdale Plumbing come to assess the situation.  To rebuild my old toilet would cost about as much as a new one so I opted for a new "convenient" height toilet plus get a low flow rebate.  Since I needed to have one replaced I thought I might as well replace the other toilet at the same time. So far, so good but both bathrooms had yucky shag carpet that Mike T, Erik T and Holly T all knew about from their visits.  As the plot thickens "Ed" the plumber has a brother who does tile. I had Michael come to assess the flooring and decided to have both carpets replaced with tile.  The next step was to look for tile at Home Depot which was relatively easy and more or less painless.  With tile in hand the carpet was removed and low and behold there was yucky linoleum under neath.  After removing the linoleum the job went relatively quickly.  Then it dawned on me that the guest tub/shower combination was in need of new faucet  handles and new shutoff washers to prevent the drip, drip, drip after taking a shower.  Of course, if I did one bathroom I might as well do the other bathroom... Right?Well, here is where the complications set in.  Both bathrooms needed new "tub & shower 8" three handle valve bodys"  Did I happen to mention the bathrooms are side by side but with the toilet and shower plumbing at different setbacks to the hallway?  Well, this was a big deal.  In fact almost worth going to Dominos for the BFD pizza..Needless to say yesterday did not go well as more complications set in with wood rot, broken tiles, mis-aligned plumbing but the good news is Ed, Michael and his assistant came thru with flying colors.  I now have a great looking guest bathroom and the master bathroom is on its way to completion.Great Job by Scottsdale Plumbing and adapting to the changing situation.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2008,3/7/2008,47,130,5,6,5>I think I have been to Glendale 4 times since I moved to Arizona 11 years ago,  but that number is about to go up drastically thanks to Total Wine.  I love Tops Liquor, I love Sun Devil Liquors, and I love Star Liquor and Convenience.  I love supporting my local businesses and I love to cheer for the underdog, but in this case I am admitting that this store has turned me into a complete and TOTAL (pun intended) sell out.  I am a bit of a beer and wine nerd and my fiance is a bit of a Scotch freak.  We have done all of the ooohing and aaahing at Bevmo! already and I am pretty much over it.   Last night I was perusing Yelp when I saw a review for Total Wine and immediately googled them and got very excited about their catalog and prices.  Tonight we took the long drive to Glendale and it was so incredibly worth it.  The prices were great, the selection was ridiculous and everything was very well organized.The wines are conveniently arranged by region and variety.  They have information cards for almost every wine, free buying guides, employee picks and critics reviews to help you make your selection.  The beer and liquor prices are great as well and as much as I didn't want to fall in love with a chain store, I did.  I won't stop going to Tops or Star, and I won't be getting WEST SIDE tattooed across my stomach anytime soon, but I will be venturing out to Total Wine as often as I can.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/16/2008,3/6/2008,325,381,3,8,6>Let me start by saying that American Apparel makes fantastic t-shirts. I'm a serious t-shirt collector and have been for decades. I pay attention to that type of junk because I was involved in the d.i.y. punk scene as a kid and if you're in a band, printing your own t-shirts was par for the course... From Anvil to Hanes to newer brands like Gildan - I've tried them all. For awhile it looked like Oneita was going to be the last "made in the USA" company around - quality shirts there - but several years ago, they seem to have dropped out. Everything has been pretty much Gildan - tourist shirts and event shirts and anything cheap or free - it's Gildan. You can even pick up some blanks for a couple bucks at Walgreens if you like. The problem with them is that they are totally unreliable fit-wise. They react unpredictably to the drier - sometimes getting wider and shorter or twisting or losing hem threads. They also aren't very soft - they are very heavy, but they aren't very high-end. I realize it seems silly to have a high-end t-shirt, but that's what American Apparel makes. Their shirts always fit perfectly - they are all made exactly the same and they make anyone with a halfway decent body shape look pretty sexy. They are somewhat fitted without being tight. They are all soft and the cotton is combed to a rich and durable state. These shirts don't form holes as easily as other shirts I've owned - even heavier shirts I have form holes near where they rub against my belt buckle... AA do not. Their seams always hold as well.I can easily say that American Apparel are the most reliable and best made blank t-shirt available. When buying shirts online, I only buy prints on AA shirts because I know they'll look great on me. So many online companies now use AA shirts these days as well, so it's easy.So what about this store? What about the rest of it? Well, the store is bright and full of colorful clean blank clothes. On the women's side, there are lots of great skirts and dresses made of soft cotton. Mostly just summer accessories really as nothing here is thick enough to wear as winter cover. It is meant to be layered though as you can see by the mannequins. They have great socks and leggings and I'm told they make the best and most comfortable thongs in the business... so if you are a woman and you want to try some comfy thongs - give these a shot.The men's side is more of a unisex area because apart from the shirts, all of the clothes they sell to men are super gay... and I'm not trying to insult anyone, it's just seriously things that are far too flamboyant for even metrosexuals. They definitely expect you to be rail skinny to buy clothes here although they carry larger sizes. They sell jeans, but they are of the skinny type. Some of the fun of going in here is to look at the gold lamet jackets and telling your friends you are going to buy it to see their reaction. The kids that work here are hip scenesters hired for their look rather than their work ethic. They are all thin and their level of helpfulness varies wildly between 'not' and 'somewhat'. The store is very well-lit and it's easy to find things. The models they use for the advertising and 'artwork' posted around the store look like early-stage bruised up meth addicts or early 70s porn stars. The biggest problem with this store really is simply that their clothing is overpriced. Sure, it's nice and well-made, but it's also expensive. Considering you can buy their blank t-shirts for 3-5 bucks each from online bulk sellers... the exact same shirts they sell in the store for 3-5 times that amount. 60 bucks for a jacket that looks like it would come in a 5 dollar hurricane survival kit doesn't spell value to me. I really think the only good reason to go here would be if you were a girl and you wanted to buy some thongs or socks or leggings or a skirt or dress. If you just want a t-shirt, there are much cheaper ways to obtain them... for both men and women. It's great having an AA location in the valley if for no other reason than to just have it... but a smart shopper can do better.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2008,3/5/2008,14,8,5,4,5>I use to visit Sneakers quite frequently due to it's location.  The drink specials were also an influence.  $ 2drafts on Thursdays, $2 wells for ladies on Fridays, domestic deals through out the week. The smell problem that once took place in the bathroom area has disappeared and they have added a fire pit outside, which really is only a good investment for about 2 out of the 12 months, but upgrade non the less.  There's pool tables, darts, basketball, and some other arcade games. I never have had a problem getting a drink and getting it quick. My last visit however has left an impression that has kept me from walking back through those doors.  A couple friends and myself went to watch the 2nd half of the Suns game and enjoy some $2 drafts not knowing we were entering a Frat initiation.  White undershirts and sharpies everywhere....sign my shirt, WHEW Frat 2008... because of this event I, not in a white sharpied up t-shirt, had to drink my Blue Moon out of a plastic cup.  All of a sudden I'm put on the same level as these douchebags and can't be trusted with a glass glass!   Come on I didn't walk in Wheewing and slurring my words.  I won't lie sitting around the fire pit was a bit amusing though, Sorority chics are pretty easy....I'd guess alot of those Frat boys woke up the next morning not only with hangovers but an STD or two....some probably even woke up with a dick on their face, a sharpie drawn dick that is.  So Sneakers I will of course visit again, it's close to my house, but I think I'll call first to make sure there aren't any "special" events going on.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2008,3/4/2008,143,222,1,4,6>My girlfriend and I were "regulars" at Oak Creek Brewery, when we lived up North. Once we moved down here, we started pining for the brewery scene. We gave Sonora brewhouse a shot.Granted, our expectations are very high. OCB is THE social hub for the locals. We knew we weren't going to find the same thing here, being that Phoenix has so many cool haunts available.What we were looking for was a good patio, good beer, and a good atmosphere. Sonora Brewhouse delivers on all counts. The good food was a bonus. It's not great food, but it'll do. We've learned to stick to a few select items. The chips and salsa are wonderful. If you're lucky, the flour tortilla chips will still be warm. They are fluffy, light, and delicately crisp. The salsa is the traditional smooth style, with just the right amount of heat. The other go-to food item is the American Kobe beef burger. It is so juicy, so flavorful and delicious. It's big enough to share, if you're more interested in sampling the beer, but want a snack to keep you going -- which is my usual strategy.I'm not really wowed by the beers. I think I have tried four or five of them, and of those, only two stood out for me. The seasonal vanilla porter is lovely and luscious, like a creme brulee in a pint glass - but without overdoing it. Typically, I am a dark beer drinker, but the Light Rail Cream Ale won me over. For a light beer, it has surprising amounts of body and flavor. One could easily wile away a warm Winter's afternoon kicking those back.As for the atmosphere, it is casual, but I wouldn't say friendly. I've been there probably six or seven times, and haven't had a single conversation with a stranger. Also, they play great music -- if you can hear it! Often, I can make out faint notes of Janis Joplin or the Doors. I'm told that the patio speakers are as loud as they can get. Too bad.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,3/3/2008,3,18,2,7,3>If you are a vegetarian.....you must try the veggie taco. The mountain of goodness atop the tasty fry bread will leave your belly too full, but your mouth will definitely want more. This is a great spot for a a mixed herbivore/carnivore lunch stop, as my non-veggie friends can't seem to get enough of the red or green chili tacos. I am much looking forward to returning to try the honey fry bread desert, as I have never had room for desert after the massive tacos!!!
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,3/2/2008,131,46,3,4,4>I have only but a few things that I absolutely NEED to remember everyday before I jet off for work, and one of those things is my coffee mug.  Typically I leave it in my car, but lately I've been pushing myself to bike the 11 miles in the morning, so its been coming inside with me at night.  Well, Wednesday I forgot my mug...Therefore I figured it would be a good reason to try Inza!I rolled in around 7:30 am, a good hour before I needed to get to my destination, so I had a chance to sit and sip for a while, taking it all in.  I was happy with the atmosphere.  There was a group of six or so men sitting in the back, commenting on recent news - specifically about the big money horse auction that just took place.  You don't see this in every coffeeshop, I might add, so I was very pleased with the 'life' in there.The staff was lively, as well.  The three baristas were goofing around when I approached the counter - which I like - but quickly responded to me when I stepped up to order.  The girl that helped me was bright and cheery, and the men at her sides were equally as chipper.  Good energy, all around.As for the space, its unique and it works.  To fill the massive void of space in the ceiling, they've constructed a hanging roof of small timbers and painted metal sheeting that provides for a nice feel.  The signage is bright, clear, and uses elegant, yet easy to read fonts - a big plus in my book.Also unique was the coffee condiments area.  It's located at the rear of the shop - out of the way of commotion - and it includes more than your standard issue.  Cinnamon, vanilla, honey, stevia sweetener, and three types of milk/cream are offered.  There's also two very handy platforms that extend out slightly, allowing the customer to set their drink in a dedicated area, eliminating those instances when you have to clear an area for your coffee just to splash some cream in it.Genius.All in all, I really like this place and I'll definitely be back.  The only negative comment I have is that you are not given a free cup of coffee when you buy their mug.  I've purchased "house cups" at many independent coffee shops around the country, and I've always been offered a free fill up with my initial purchase.  Not only that, the mugs are very low quality, and the Inza logo scrapes right off.But at least they offer a house cup, which is more than I can say about most coffee shops...If you're in the neighborhood, give Inza a try!  You can't see it from Shea, though.  Its behind Maloney's.  Its the first shopping center west of the 101, and North of Shea.  Look for the Hummers parked out front in the morning (there was 3 the morning I stopped in)... WTF???Scottsdale cracks me up.  Everyday.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,3/1/2008,197,146,4,3,6>Have you had the kisras or the sweet potato/garlic fries at FEZ? If not...GO GET SOME RIGHT NOW. They are heavenly. Also, if you are in the mood for great mixed drinks, a trendy modern atmosphere and cute sexy boys everywhere this is the place for you. If you are a chick the boys might not be looking back at you, but hey - nothing wrong with a little eye candy.Fez actually makes me excited about the dreaded light rail. The train will go straight from my doorstep to Fez.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/16/2014,234,226,15,16,16>Dieters beware: Big Boys Pizza will be your worst nightmare. ... Or dream come true. Hee hee hee!Dude and I have only ordered twice from this place, but seriously some of the best pizza I've tried in the area. Great price for a "small" two topping pizza.  Yes, these babies are MONSTERS!Yes, it's rather greasy. In a good way of course. I warned y'all! Somehow though, both times the crust has been perfectly crisp and not soggy like you would expect.Also, the employees here are hilarious.Recommended. Now I have to remember to actually come back next time we want pizza!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,4/15/2014,231,1069,24,33,30>Located in Old Town Scottsdale, this gastropub has been one of my favorite restaurants due to their superb ingredients, consistency, originality, and service. The location is easy to miss on the street corner, and strangely I haven't had problems with parking in the amount of times I have been here.They open in the late afternoon and dim the lights once dinner hours kick in. The interior is underscored by a full bar in the middle surrounded by rows of tables and booths dressed in white tablecloths and small candles. Even though the atmosphere gets loud later in the evenings, the venue is a nice date spot or small gatherings.For appetizer, their Original Chopped Salad ($12) is a must get. The firm couscous, fresh arugula, corn, aged asiago, and smoked salmon was a delicious combination that gave pop and texture in every bite. I highly recommend it.Among the entrees, I top two dishes are the Smoked Duck Breast ($28) and Roasted Buttermilk Chicken ($20). The Smoked Duck Breast comes with two thick cuts of duck breast served tender and medium rare. The pieces were very soft to cut into with refined seasonings to go nicely with the sweet potato hash and braised greens. I wished the sweet potato could be a tad sweeter for a change of pace, but the greens were fresh and delicious to couple with the succulent duck. Kudos to the chef, I'm not sure how the Buttermilk Chicken came out so tender and full of flavor! It was served with corn-butter bean succotash, roasted Brussels sprouts, truffle oil, and pecorino Romano on top. The thick cut was grilled and impressively moist with a refined buttermilk flavor in the backdrop. It was simplicity mixed with complexity. This is a dish for those who do not like to take risks, but it's also one that will impress both foodies and non-foodies alike. The Fair Trade Short Ribs ($30) came with coffee rub, dried cherry BBQ sauce, roasted parsnip puree and seasonal veggies. The ribs lacked a desired smoky flavor, but it was nevertheless complex and cuts at the touch of knife. The ribs were moist, and the tangy and zesty cherry BBQ sauce gave it an added dimension. The parsnip puree round out the flavors to go in-between the meats. The Lamb Burger ($13) came with Serbian lepinja roll, pickled cucumber-onion tzatziki, and fries with house-made ketchup. The lamb was tender, super moist, with a detectable seasoning and good lamb flavor. The soft rolls held the burger together nicely, but for a dish this good, the fries could come with a few innovative dipping sauces other than ketchup. For dessert, I was not all that impressed with the Choco-Chile Bread Pudding ($10). The chili flavor could be more pointed to add to the scoop of tortilla ice cream and dulce de leche. The quality of the bread pudding was rather stiff, flavorless, and one-dimensional. I wished the bread pudding could have more flavors embedded, so it does not create a distinct separation between dull and rich flavors. Since the bread pudding came highly recommended by the server, I got the sense that dessert is not really their specialty.Service was very friendly, responsive, attentive, personable and knowledgeable. My meals were always nicely orchestrated, and the servers were extremely knowledgeable about the menu. One time I had a two year old at the dinner table and they were very accommodating with everything he needed. However, I wouldn't recommend this place for large groups. I tried to organize a large dinner and the person on the phone was not friendly and required a hefty minimum for drinks. Her requirements were quite unusual since I had organized many other dinner events at other restaurants in the past. Other than that, there's plenty to like about this place. I'd be happy to return to try their Happy Hour menu and other items such as the Grilled Cheese Sandwich and Mac n Cheese.Thanks to fellow Yelper Kurdy S for finding this place!
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,4/14/2014,78,48,6,15,10>I LOVE this place! It is a small bar owned by a guy named Brad. The best part is, it is a Vikings bar! Go Vikes! I first experienced this place when I lived in Ahwatukee. My friends and I were looking for a good bar to eat at and watch a baseball game. Brad's has a huge menu that can be overwhelming but I always enjoy having a lot of options. I remember ordering the Grilled Cheeseburger. It was two grilled cheese sandwiched with a burger in the middle. It was to die for. I have been back a few more times since then and every time, I have had a pleasant experience. I will recommend this place to people new in the area because I like it so much. I attended the Football UYE this past Sunday and, unfortunately, watch the Vikings lose but had a great time anyway because the bartender/server was great and kept our refills coming. I ordered the biscuits and gravy meal that comes with eggs and breakfast potatoes. It was delicious. Another person ordered the Pork Loin sandwich and it was bigger than the bun. I will continue coming here when I have the chance.Heads up, it is hidden in the Safeway parking lot on Elliott and 48th Street so make sure you are on the lookout because it is a small place.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,4/13/2014,339,291,4,12,8>So this has been one of the best meals I've ever had, yet I have some constructive criticism. PROS:1. The food is to DIE FOR. The Stenson salad is delicious and the perfect appetizer to split. The truffle mac and cheese is so gooey, i wish there was more of it to share. I had the special, which was a 20 oz. ribeye steak. IT WAS HUGE. Also came with asparagus and this great mashed potatoes. It was seasoned perfectly, it wasnt till halfway through they give you some delicious sauce to pour all on it. Yet, you really dont need it! 2. The servers are very friendly and well seasoned employees, they DEFINITELY know what youre talking about. 3. They do wine flights? Need I say more? Plus, they have one of the most eccentric wine lists, it would take you at least an hour just to read each one. Some offered only by the bottle. 4. They gave me a free shot for my birthday, delicious. ------------------------CONS: 1. The layout of the place, its kind of cramped, especially when you are trying to maneuver around people trying to get to the bathroom.2. The food service, while amazing, was slow. For 2 appetizers and 3 entrees being ordered at the same time, the entire service took 3 hours. It was fine for our party, but not suggested if you are in a rush. 3. A litttttle on the pricey side, while the food was amazing, you cant get an entree and an appetizer for under 50 dollars per person here. Just to warn you, then again, it IS scottsdale. TIP:Make a reservation. On a tuesday night, there wasnt one empty table in sight. people were sitting at the bar just to get some time of meal service. One of my new favorite american places!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,4/12/2014,158,111,6,9,7>I came here with my Mexican food junkie (aka. Wife) for date night and had a great time. The service was exceptional, and the atmosphere, while not true to a Mexican restaurant, was surprisingly upscale and almost Vegas-like in its extravagance. The 3 types of salsa's presented were somewhat unique, with the green version having hints of Pineapple?? that was surprisingly tasty. Although, to be honest, my favorite ended up being the red version that tasted like it was Tex-Mex inspired. Mmmmm.All of the food we had was delicious. We sampled the street tacos ( I recommend the chicken ones which are actually FULL sized tacos)  but the wife liked the much smaller pork version.We then ordered and split the Ribeye steak and enchiladas...she couldn't stop raving about the spinach and chicken enchiladas but the ribeye, while it tasted good, was a little fattier than I was expecting.Included with the meal were beans (wonderful) and mashed potatoes (a first for me from a Mexican place) which were both inspiring.Along the way we had several drinks and luckily the server pointed out that for only $1 more, the sangria swirl the wife ordered would come in a glass over twice the size.WOOHOO! Double bonus!Now on to the best part, they have Happy Hour everyday from 3-7pm... Guess who just found a new favorite place to hang out with the wife after work? Yep, I did!
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,4/11/2014,151,205,8,13,13>Hmmm, no Yelp listing yet, so I added it and I'll be the first! :)  I was heading to Cyprus Grill for lunch when I noticed that Grassroots had opened, so we decided to come here instead. (It's located in the old Baby Kay's in Town and Country.) It is nicely decorated, light and airy on the inside, and they had the windows open to the breezeway, which was nice.  Everyone who worked there was very attentive and polite.  I ordered the Shrimp Po Boy and my friend ordered the Lobster Bisque to start, and the Romaine salad with chicken added for her meal.  My Po Boy was really good!  The shrimp were perfectly seasoned and fried.  It normally comes with fries, but you can substitute for any of the sides, so I ordered it with the Sautéed Chard -- very good!  My friend loved her Lobster Bisque and her salad.  My only "complaint" or suggestion, is to make sure they clean off the menus after each customer uses them.  The menu I had already had some food particles on it and the restaurant just opened.  But I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,4/10/2014,480,556,9,15,14>For me everyday has the potential to be a culinary adventure and Penzey's makes this easy for me.  How you say?  Well here is a trick for all those that are wanting to do a little more cooking at home.  The key is a well stocked spice rack with fresh quality spices.  Even if you are not so keen on blending individual flavors and spices yourself they have some great prepared blends of herbs, spices, salts, peppers, extracts and  stock/broth bases.  Once you have your spices/seasonings it is just a matter of picking a protein and a vegetable, there you have it, dinner! I have several staples.  The ones I use most often are the garlic and onion powder, recently I also added their toasted onion powder to that collection of spices purchased in quantities over an ounce. Here are some other staples I buy in smaller quantities regularly so that they are always fresh and not sitting around getting bland: - Chesapeake {think old bay seafood spice but better}- Ozark {yummy on burgers}- Tandoori, Sate, Balti, any of their Curries- Italian Sausage Seasoning [add it to ground turkey...you'll thank me later.]  -Smoked Paprika - Ancho chile powder- Cardamon - Penzey's Cinnamon Blend- Ceylon Cinnamon - Vietnamese Cinnamon [AMAZING!]-Chinese 5 spice powderOh I know there are a few more I am most likely missing.  Every time I go in here I can easily spend an hour.  I start at one end of the store and slowly make a lap, smelling and sampling and pondering the wonderful dishes I can prepare.  Make sure you pick up their magazine/catalog and you check out their website.  They offer some fabulous recipes and you can get a good idea of their offerings before you head to the store.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,4/9/2014,795,565,6,15,9>Wow, nice buffet!Where can you get tender, properly seasoned, all you can eat steak for $21 per person?  Talking Stick.  Yes, it's a casino and all, but if you go to the buffet, you're not taking chances--you're guaranteed a good meal.  I got a mound of perfect little steaks, fried calamari, pork rolls, chicken chow mein, steak fries, and 4 chocolate chip cookies.  I was stuffed.  My wife was equally pleased.If you want to gamble out on the smoky floors, go ahead.  I put $70 into the machines and walked away with about half that.  From this point, I'm coming here mainly for the food.  Many restaurants will charge you this much for food inferior to this.  At Talking Stick, you get great quality, great tasting grub that seems to have been made with care.  Absolutely recommended dining.  Great place for a dinner date with the spouse.  Next time, we're bringing our daughter. . .
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,4/8/2014,139,160,12,23,15>WOW, this is the best Caribbean/Latin restaurant of any kind I have experienced in AZ. Honestly Its better than the Dominican spots in NYC.I had the Pollo Guisado. Chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly, and the sauce added great flavor to the rice that was already perfect on its own. The platanos maduros were some of the best I have ever had.  The food here is made with pride and attention to detail, everything I tasted was AUTHENTIC. Don't forget to try the Morir soñando, a delicious milky citrusy drink that by itself is enough reason to return to Sazon Bachata.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,4/7/2014,399,148,8,17,15>Love this place! Every time I come here the food is delicious and the staff is very friendly. They have great prices on food and great drinks! My favorite is the 3 tacos appetizer. You get a chicken, steak and pork taco wrapped in corn tortillas. A lot of Mexican food places in AZ are hit and miss, this place has great tasting everything, down to the beans and chips and salsa. Each Mexican food places I like, I like for different reasons, because of a certain dish, or what I am in the mood for. I wish I could combine 3 different Mexican food places around the valley to make 1 delicious one haha. This place has always grabbed my attention because of their tacos and tequila specials! I also have a friend who loves this place too, so its our little spot to have a great meal, great conversation and surrounded by fun people for a good night.I am certain when you come here you wont be disappointed! Check out their happy hour when you can. Keep it up Tia Rosa!
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,2/5/2010,275,351,20,18,17>My ass hurt, my water bottle was leaking, and I was starving and here came Jesus...an older man handing me chocolate chip baguette slices. "Here, dear, let me get you some more, sweetheart" Am I dead? Is this a willingly given to my sweaty hand free sample as I climbed the porch stairs towards Simply Bread, I felt as if I was being lured in to be shoved in an oven. Shove me in baby! I will gladly be cooked up if it means I can gorge myself on fresh bread in the oven. I can think of worst ways of going (ie Mullet stampede).My friend insisted we stop here on the way to lunch. "Oh good, do they have coffee?" "No, it is just bread." "WTF? Why not? Who hasn't heard of a bakery that doesn't serve coffee?" "It doesn't matter. You will see" "No. I won't. I want coffee with my bread. I hate this place already" And as I climbed off my bike, already over an hour of hardcore pedaling from Tempe registering itself in my low blood sugar, there he was. The grandpa I wish I had. As we stepped in, he offered more. "Here dear, have this yummy orange....." I don't know what he said cause I just went for it. The world went away when I was eating that bread. I felt ravenous. MORE! "Cookie?" YES I will take that cookie! Cranberry, chocolate chips, oatmeal, almonds, YES YES YES. I think he was ready to offer more, but I ran to the back of the storefront to look at the selection. Mmmmm....doggie treats? Breadcrumbs, crispy bread treats, etc. Smart business to use up as much of product as possible. But then it was time to choose. The vegan asked all the hard questions which the Baker (and the Grand Master Bake Master as everyone else has stated) answered all of them. She ended up w/foccaccia, which we just nibbled on for the rest of our bike journey. I ended up with the potato garlic bread that had tons of other herbs in it, it was $6 and sliced for sandwiches for me and it smelled amazing. Everytime we went to a store or restaurant, people would ask me what smelled so good. Since I was sweaty and even Toms of Maine lavendar deodorant wasnt saving this lady, I knew it was the yummy bread.As we left, I think Jesus/Grandpa/awesome guy who worked there wanted to stuff me more for fattening up to be tasty in their oven, but I resisted...well, not really, I bought a chocolate chip cookie. Yup, I did. And I ate it after lunch and it was RAAAAAD. Best choco-chip cookie ever. That was 75 cents of raditude. So all the haters talking about price, so get your Sara Lee, cause I am a slave to this place. And I am not even a carb monster.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,2/4/2010,229,141,12,13,13>Flippin' finally, I made it to Sens. I mean, I know college students don't normally go around eating at places like this, unless they got some questionable money sources... *ahem* Tonight was failed attempt #2 at Pizzeria Bianco, and believe me, this time it was a matter of parking, because Samara A. and I were extremely early. Anyways, I will get in that place through raw determination sooner than later. So its First Friday, I had no clue what to expect, but I certainly ran into  some foolishness downtown. How many events did they have going on?! Jebus! With all the road blocks, my navigation of this mess almost got me into a wreck or two. We get to to Sens in one piece only to find we had to pay for even more parking, nearly 2 buckroos this time... Right about then, I was starting to lose my fascination with downtown Phoenix. Hoping Sens would make it all better, we went inside and were sat down by our nice server. My first question. Wheres the sake?! Yea, Asian Tapas sounded like fun, but seriously when do I get to go to a place with such a large selection of sake? Like never, at least until I get to Japan that is. Since I was the only one in our party of two drinking, I ordered one of the smaller bottles of Nigori. I def needed more than that, but I'm working on not being an alchy. The food was pretty and tasty. I just wish they had done the reversal on my tempura fried Snapper/Yellowtail ($29). If there ever is a next time, I'm sticking strictly to the "tapas", the check would be less pricey, perhaps? Ok, good service, nice atmosphere, good food, excellent sake, not priceless...more like $60+! (You know I'd rather have spent that on booze and strippers...)
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,2/3/2010,752,378,13,19,16>Forgive me Joe for i have sinned . i visited your little restaurant a month ago for breakfast and never reviewed it..Yikes!!  Well here is the scoop I really enjoy the food, ambiance and downright hipness of Liberty .Can I can you Liberty?   The breakfast was super tasty and now I have eaten dinner here as well.  Hubby and I ventured out to Gilbert on our way to Pinetop ..yeah it's on the way. We split two entrees . Plus one had the Apricot Chicken, yummy  and generous with a grilled /slight char and a tasty apricot glaze that didn't scream sweet. The veggie with it was asparagus also grilled and a interesting sweet potato mash with a savory taste that I ignored because I kept loving the stuff on my plate.   For me I had a flat iron steak with a Chimchurri sauce that made me smile. I also had a garlic mash potato   which you cant go wrong with  and tasty grilled carrots . We also had the red velvet cake which had a smooth texture and a light cream cheese frosting that really made it. As always the service was friendly and prompt and made me want to come back.  Love the decor so updated modern farmy , how do they do that? I also love the unisex  bathrooms with recipes on the walls, yes I took pics hope the recipes turn out!
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,2/2/2010,296,138,10,15,16>Holy effin' eff! Best happy hour anywhere in the valley! Challenge: If you can find a better happy hour than the three dollar bonanza at Cafe Zuzu, I will eat one of the wretched pickled eggs from Palo Verde Lounge, the gray-green eggs that time forgot.I'll start with the tapas-style appetizers because they really blew me away. Two fall-of-the-bone tender braised pork shanks that will melt in your mouth and fill your belly? Three bucks. A surprisingly ample mini prime rib dip with (unassuming) horseradish mayo and au jus? Three bucks. Two buttery, rich grilled brie and thin sliced green apple sandwiches with fig jam reduction? Three bucks. I'm salivating right now. The other two options included the border chili, which had fresh chunks of meat but was a bit bland compared to the rest of the apps, and the bruschetta that was utterly forgettable. Standard tomatoes, olives and capers, nowhere near as memorable as Il Postino or La Bocca's stellar examples. Since these apps are a bit on the small side, the best bang for your buck to sate your hunger would be the mini pork shanks, followed closely by the prime rib dip. The artisan grilled cheese was my personal favorite (sooo perfectly buttery, sweet and savory!), but it really would have benefited from another little grilled brie sammich on the plate because they're quite small. Several of our party tried the wine (chard, pinot, merlot, and I think they've even got some bubbly) and had positive things to say. While we all had zero interest in trying the beer, since it was just PBR on draft or domestic swill in bottles. There were much better options to be had for three bucks, like the specialty cocktails! The waitress that took care of us was kind enough to explain what each of the cocktails entailed. Best liquor bang for your buck? The Hot 'N' Dirty, an extra dirty vodka martini with a splash of Tabasco and three olives. They even bring it out in a little cocktail shaker to pour tableside, ensuring that not a drop of goodness is wasted on the way to your table. Second most potent potable was the Bourbon Smash, a whiskey cocktail that's the illegitimate love child of a mojito and a mint julep. In the words of Sammy J, "It'll getcha drunk!" The Gin Fizz was one of the most refreshing cocktails, kind of a gin and tonic with more prominent citrus notes and a splash of simple syrup. And for the girlie girls in attendance, the Bramble, Basil Showbiz and Cherry Limeade will treat ya right! The Bramble was heavy on the blackberry, the Basil Showbiz strawberried out and the Cherry Limeade had me second guessing whether someone had spiked a Sonic limeade. Superb, one and all. I haven't a single bad word to say about any the cocktails taste-wise, although the more frou frou drinks seemed a bit light on the pour. Three dollar beer, wine, specialty cocktails and appetizers? A frenzy of (relatively sophisticated) gluttony? A mere 15 bucks. Cafe Zuzu is my new go-to for happy hour!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2009,2/1/2010,197,182,16,25,19>i use to go by here every day of the week and never knew this place was open. the parking lot always empty. in fact i've had several people i trust tell me how great this place was..and i never realized..THIS was the place they were talking about. gasp. so i came her with my BFF's family for fathers day. it was pretty damn good. after a very long wait and eventual long walk to the rear dining room we got seated. chips pretty tasty, sales pretty spicy. food was delish..i got carnitas and they were big porky chunks of awesomeness. they gave me large tortillas..which was ok cause i just tore off pieces to pick up meat. my one complaint...it reminded me of my highschool cafeteria. Jaguar Pride What!! anyways..the vast openess and still confined spacing of the restaurant. if there was a fire breakout..i don't think anyone would make it out alive tho. :(carnitas were bombdigity yaheard!! get on it. price is affordable, and the menu distinctly not, run of the mill "mexican food"
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,1/31/2010,112,94,10,13,12>"Tell Thomas the Russians are here."Oh yeah- rolling in like the Russky mafiosos we [pretend to be].I love Fez. I love Fez for drinks. I love Fez for sweet potato fries. I love Fez for Sunday morning brunch.The "best egg white omelette you'll ever has" truly is the best egg white omelette I have ever had. The champagne drinks are tasty (and cheap on Sunday morning). I already mentioned the sweet potato fries. They are covered in cinnamon sugar... mmm... fried and sugar. The black bean burger was tasty too. The burger was moist and just a little spicy. The goat cheese spread that came with it was not too tangy as some goat cheese is, in fact it complimented the burger very nicely.The Russians will roll by soon.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/5/2009,1/30/2010,690,342,35,27,21>I was in the unfortunate circumstance this past weekend of having to wake up at 630am to drive and pick up my Bountiful Basket from Ahwatukee. To help offset the sleep, I decided to grab an iced coffee from the king of coffee, Dunkin Donuts.As I walked back to my filthy, dusty car, I got the overwhelming desire to wash it. Now, folks, on the rare occasions when I want nothing more than to clean my car or house, I try to monopolize on the opportunity, so I drove around to three different car washes in an attempt to get my baby cleaned... but as luck would have it, not one god damned place was open.Just when my will to live was seconds away from being squashed, I suddenly remembered that there was a Groupon special a week ago for Clean Freak, and I felt like it was a moment of Nachos (see Dallas G.) so I decided to see if the Nachos Gods were on my side this day.Well guess what, Clean Freak was open! And I was excited because that big blue tunnel was just fascinating! And what is this? $10 for the most pricey wash that cleans my tires too?? AND air freshener?? SCORE!!! And to boot, the cashier dude was in holiday spirit wearing his Halloween costume!Now, here comes this crappy part... the wash really wasn't that good. My windows weren't clean and there was still grime all over my tires. I had to buy window cleaner. None of the dead bugs came off my grill, either.Oh.... and the vacuum's... I honestly believe that they could have sucked an unborn child from my womb had I been carrying one. But instead it got one of the many pieces of my stereo console. I'm sure that is going to cost me good money to replace. Thanks.Next time I have to make such an effort to get my car washed, I will just live like a filthy slob until I can find time to make it over to Danny's Family. It may cost $25 but at least my car is clean and I don't have to worry about losing my uterus.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,1/29/2010,332,375,11,15,14>lumpia! lumpia! lumpia!I feel as though I have died and gone to LUMPIA heaven.  They are tricky to make-- just really time consuming and it leaves yuor kitchen messy so eating them when you didn't make them yourself is such a treat! We started off with lumpia and then had the pancit.  Panict was not 5 star--- I like mine more dry, so the one I make at home is better in my opinion.  But it was still really good.HALO HALO-- oh my!  I have not had halo halo since 1993 so the minute it hit my mouth, an entire flash of memories came back to me!  It's very interesting and has a lot going on in it, some stuff I love, other stuff, I pick around.  I can't wait to go back and try the adobo, and some of the more mexican type foods.The people working-- owner and family are sooo nice and really friendly, that makes for an excellent experience!I am looking at my schedule seeing when I can get back there again---
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2009,1/28/2010,78,275,5,15,14>Another dinner to leave me slouched back in my chair with my hand on my belly, a stupid grin on my face and a contented sigh on my lips.  I brought Ada G., Elaine B. (formally known as P - I kind of like her "formally known as P) and B here for dinner on Thursday night as I've been talking about it for so long, they wanted to know what all the hubbub was about since I couldn't stop talking about the roll-your-eyes-back-in-your-head brunch I had here last Spring so we finally made reservations and off we went.When you make reservations at Cafe Monarch, you want to let Christopher know if you have any food aversions or allergies, or maybe even if you're really counting on something in particular that night so he can plan in advance.  He shops for the freshest produce and selections for the night are restricted.  That being said, I wish more places did it this way.  It's tiring to flip through pages and pages of menus of nearly identical items.  I'd just as soon be told the chef bought the freshest items possible that day and this is what inspired him or her and this is what will be served tonight.  Will this suffice?  Why yes, yes it does!  Thank you.  Do you understand my point?We brought along a couple of bottle of champagne and a white and red.  It's all BYO here and we figured we'd hedge our bets not knowing what we'd be in the mood for.  (By the way, it's also cash or check also - no credit cards) We started with some champagne and Christopher told us for dinner he had in mind a penne pasta with a pumpkin cream sauce, toasted walnuts and sliced Gorgonzola on top.   For the next course we would have a warm salad of fresh artichokes, olives and peppers and for the main course was a beer braised chicken.  All of it sounded fabulous to us, of course none of are picky eaters.  Isn't it just more fun to dine with good eaters?  Pretty much anything he would have made, we would have ate.  No food aversions at our table!  (Innards.  I take that back.  I don't like innards.)We enjoyed our champagne while he worked on the pasta.  The smells coming from the kitchen were just intoxicating.  The restaurant itself is so cozy too.  We sat inside this time and the best I can describe it is a cross between a French bistro and Buca di Beppo.  OK.  Total disservice to Cafe Monarch but he has the coolest things all over his walls like Buca di Beppo does.  As for the rest, I could swear I was back in a cafe in Paris.  Our pasta came out heaped on a platter family style.  The sauce was a lovely pale pumpkin hue accented with fresh herbs and lovely, pungent slices of Gorgonzola and crunchy walnuts it was pitch perfect.  We all ate as much as we dared while Christopher came and entertained us with his stories.  In most restaurants when the owner or manager comes by to see if everything is OK that's all fine and dandy but you usually don't want them hanging around spouting their propaganda, but with Chris it's the complete opposite.  You don't want him to go!  You wish you could eat with him every night.  He told us about growing up, what he did last summer, he joked around with us girls, commented on Ada G's. cowgirl sheik attire (I'll let her go into that) and even explained to me exactly how he made a couple of the dishes.The warm salad served next came in a small, cast iron skillet.  Baby sliced artichokes were sautéed with capers, sweet Italian peppers, heirloom tomatoes and thyme.  It was light, flavorful and a welcome departure to the typical green salad I've been eating all summer.Our final course was fit for a small village.  A platter of chicken pieces all beautifully browned and braised in Full Sail Ale.  The braising sauce was exquisite spooned over the spicy chicken meat.  The cute, little, pregnant one of us who claims she can't eat much anymore even ate two pieces of the chicken.  You've got to love Christopher, he boxed up all of the leftover pasta and chicken for us into individual boxes.Right when we thought the best was over he brings over a couple of slices of pumpkin cheesecake with walnut brittle.  I like cheesecake but it's usually something I wouldn't order because it's so heavy but not this one!  Light and creamy, like a baked pumpkin cheesecake chiffon.  The perfect sweet ending to a beautiful meal.Though I want everyone out there to go to Cafe Monarch because I think it's one of the best restaurants around, I don't think it's for everyone.  Of course you can tell him your allergies and aversions when you call to make reservations and allergies can't be helped of course and who doesn't have an aversion to something or other but meals like this are best when you leave it in the chef's hands.  Relinquish the control you think you need and let him decide what to prepare for you and I guarantee that you too will be slouched back in your chair rubbing your full belly and a contented sigh on your lips.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2009,1/27/2010,446,326,10,17,14>Great choice to chase away a previous day/night session hangover. Of course this was to be the start to another busy socializing day. The idea was after meeting up with a long lost cousin and his wife, we would beach the chariot across from the OYE which started later that evening . Then we would light rail it into town to meet up with the crew for some day drinking and LR pub crawl back to the OYE. This was an excellent plan and worked out rather well. Special thanks to Dottsy for the idea, Mike for execution and Georgie for copping a lid along the way.Enjoyed this spot a whole lot more than the Scottsdale locale. The scenery was better all around. The exposed brick walls, the semi exposed patio, the servers the crowd. The kilts tasted the same, and I was unaware that they served a Sunday type breakfast brunch dealio. Some interesting choices on the insert bk menu, making it tough to choose. I settled on the burger slathered with cheese, an over easy egg, bacon and jalapeno hollandaise. Served alongside some tasty cubes of potatoes hash brown style, yummy morsels. My burger was cooked just right, my only critique is my egg was over hard instead of over easy. If I had my druthers due to the jalapeno hollandaise presentation I would have served this half pound bad boy atop a whole grain English muffin as opposed to the burger bun. As it stood, I only ate half the bun open face style.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,10/23/2014,273,37,8,11,13>I think it might be puppy love! The fried green tomato stack is the kind of dish I'll start to crave. There are enough elements like corn, avocado, and tomato that I can convince myself that it is healthy even though I'm eating something deep fried with bacon and a blue cheese dressing. Holy crap, I just don't care. I'll spend my days dreaming about you until we can meet once more. The atmosphere is inviting and clean and don't forget to check out the wall of furry friends that's by the bathrooms before you leave.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,10/22/2014,509,228,18,23,20>P-ay-stee, P-ah-stee, or P-aaaa-stee, however you say pasty- it is good stuff.  When I went here with a large group of work friends, we found many interesting ways to say "pasty" and after the beers started  flowing even more ha!  If you are very hungry this is the place to go!  A pasty is similar to a calzone or an empanada but with a thin-ish pastry dough as opposed to a bread/pizza dough around the outside.  You can fill it up with any kind of yumminess you would like and the menu is full of delicious options.  The drink menu is decent with a good selection of beers and I am a fan of their house cocktails considering 3 out of 4 of them have gin :)The service can be slow, but they are generally nice and informative.  The patio is great for groups with bench style seating and picnic tables.  Two historic homes make up the building and  inside there is a view of the kitchen and the staff usually waves hi, which is very pleasant and inviting!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,10/21/2014,699,631,13,28,25>My friend and I have wanted to go to the Butterfly Wonderland for a while and the time came to go! We met up on a Sunday morning and got our ticket to check them out!  What does Butterfly Wonderland got going for them? Well they are the only butterfly atrium in the valley and they say they are America's largest butterfly atrium too. , they say the butterflies inside the conservatory come from butterfly farmers from Costa Rica, Malaysia, Ecuador, Thailand & the Philippines as well as within the US and another fun fact Arizona is home to 344 species of butterflies.  Here comes the sticker shock: its 18.95 plus tax which equals to 20.26 I think it was.  Once you pay your ticket you walk inside and have to wait in a hallway because you will be directed to watch a 14 minute movie on the migration of the Monarch Butterfly in 3D, we had to wait a few minutes because there was a show already playing.  The movie is cool; you follow a year in the life of a few Monarchs. Once your movie is over you are shown into the conservatory, now this is where the fun is it, so many amazing beautifies fluttering around, some look like they are in a game of tag, some just seeing what everyone else is up to, if you stand still and make small movements you might be blessed to have a few land on you, also was told if you wear bright colors they will be attracted to you too, You are not allowed to hold out your hand or try to touch them, but they are allowed to land on you.  I had a few land on me and also had a few fly too close to my face and gave me a butterfly smack or too! Haha  I could spend hours in the conservatory just watching the butterflies enjoying the sun light.A few things, the conservatory is a tropical rain forest, its humid and misting water is happening, so dress for the rain forest, leave your bags & purses in the car, no need for all that, watch where you are walking the butterflies land everywhere and just make sure you don't step on them. Also inside the conservatory you will see a Koi fish pond, I thought that was cool but also thought hey don't they eat bugs that might land on the water,aawwee poor butterflies that became fish food .Once you leave the conservatory you go into a smaller room and check to see if you are smuggling any butterflies, and I know that sounds funny, but there were a few that tried to escape before we went through the door. Then you get to check a cool ant farm, some fishes and other stuff, and even stick your hand in a tank to touch a sting ray, and yes I did that, but I have fed sting rays before too, it's a cool experience.This was an enjoyable time, we spent maybe 2 hours enjoying everything, do I feel its worth the 20 buck entry fee, no I don't, but will I be a sucka and do it again yep I will haha.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,10/20/2014,1632,260,25,31,30>Probably my mother's favorite place for siu laap!  Since she lives in Glendale, I'm often asked to be the delivery gal to bring her roasted duck, boiled chicken with the head still on, and roasted pork whenever she needs to do some Chinese ceremonial tradition.  If it's not me she's forcing to do the grunt work, it's one of her co-workers.  Regardless, even if it's on the east side, it will always show up to Mommy W. fresh!I first came across this place when my friend invited us out for dinner.  It seemed to have all your Americanized and authentic foods.  Service can be a bit of a wait but it's definitely worth your time.  Kudos to the chef for making such amazing flavorful food.  Prices are reasonable and the place is clean.  I haven't tried any of their lunch specials but my friend says they're pretty decent.  They make a delicious Mussels with Black Bean Sauce and their Salt & Pepper Shrimp is pretty amazing as well.  And there's nothing like some rice soup [aka porridge] when you want something warm.  It's the Asian chicken noodle soup [comfort food].  I stick with either the pork with the century egg or the fish fillet porridge.  Momma W. makes it best but Best Hong Kong Dining is a close second.  The only reason why I don't frequent here as often as I should is because parking is always a pain.  There are some other eateries and a grocery store in this strip plaza so parking can be pretty sketchy.  You know us Asian drivers.  Look out!  :P
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,10/19/2014,164,112,8,9,8>My barber couldn't squeeze me in until 2:30 pm and since it was close to lunch time, I made the executive decision to explore Old Town Scottsdale.  Out comes my Yelp app, close by was a ton of interesting options.  Hula's Modern Tiki caught my attention and within three minutes, I was parking in their off-street lot (nice!).Nice vibe and very helpful staff.  They had the front completely open and I chose to sit out there.  The hostess noticed the table needed to be wiped down and ran to get a dish rag, much appreciated.Menu is fairly deep but I was fixated (as always) on the tacos.  I choose two, the sweet pork and the habanero lime tacos.  Both were bursting with flavor.  The pork was delicious, some of the best I've had and I make this at home a lot!  The habanero lime tacos were excellent, really not spicy so I'm not sure they're named correctly but still the flavor profiles were fantastic.Had iced tea and it was excellent, very good and my server kept it full.  Overall, I'll go back and take the Princess along (she wasn't happy I went without her).  Great food and service.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,10/18/2014,36,107,7,10,5>Wow. Go now. For their food, not the luxurious surroundings. Dominican food that is, simply, delicious. Went there for lunch today - shrimp in garlic sauce. Perfection. Sat next to a Dominican from New York who, having found out yesterday that today's special would be mashed plantains fasted until lunch so he could eat them with the necessary gusto. So will I the next time it's on special.How many restaurants in your life have such a dish? Add this one to it.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,10/17/2014,420,461,11,12,11>I have to disagree with folks who say this place is touristy. Granted, this is THE place to take your out-of-town visitors. Last time I was here we had a friend from Australia and she was over-the-moon at her first real American experience. So yes, a lot of out-of-towners. But you CAN'T tell me that the folks tearing up the dance floor on any given Friday are your Uncle Murray and Aunt Sybil visiting from Boca.This is a fun place with a nice old west feel. They have great live music, the afore mentioned dancing, reasonably priced drinks, pool tables, a HUGE patio....and as others have mentioned, LIVE bull riding. I really need to come here more often because it is one of the funnest places in The Valley and you really feel like you're away from it all. Yes it gets uber-crowded, the line to the men's room is a long as the line to the ladies room and you're really kinda screwed if you really came here to play pool, but if there is ANY place you should take it all in stride, it's here.And seriously folks, quit bitching about the food. It's a $20 steak for God's sake. You get what you pay for and frankly it's pretty damned good-better than Outback or Applebee's. If that's not good enough then go to Mastro's and bring your own bull.Good times and I highly recommend.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,10/16/2014,480,556,12,24,21>My latest favorite downtown watering hole.  They are masters in the art of mixology.  Simple quality ingredients blended with quality liquor (as an example their "well" bourbon is Buffalo Trace), they pride themselves on consistency.    The drinks are handcrafted and priced very reasonably, from $6 to $16 on average, based on how high on the shelf you like to drink.  They can make you a simple Vodka Soda if that is your thing but take a look at their extensive drink menu or tell them what your favorite base liquor is and what you don't  like and they will mix something up for you.  They offer a selection of canned and bottle beers if that is your thing and several wines including a few wines on tap.    B&T has Happy Hour daily from 4-7p which had several drink and food specials.   They offer up several tasty food items.  Thus far I have had the opportunity to try the Seoul Fried Chicken (watermelon kimchi,  yes please, it is light and tart complementing the chicken very well) and have stared longingly at their pork belly entree.  Also check out their specials board for weekly drink specials and the latest "Mad Yelper" quote. This place is no dive but it is FAR from pretentious.  Their drinks only look fufu or cloyingly sweet, you should never judge a book by its cover. If you are looking to get 'crunk' and only like to drink bud light and do shots of fireball I recommend you stick to Hooters or Tilted Kilt.  If you are looking for a relaxed unpretentious atmosphere and a couple of quality craft beverages DO stop in.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/15/2014,602,328,8,15,9>Dear Cuttlefish,   I am sorry we got off on the wrong foot... I was all wrong about you! I am so happy that I decided to give you a second chance, and you beyond redeemed yourself! If you read my first review I didn't have such a stellar experience, It wasn't bad per say but it wasn't what I was expecting! So, I was hoping that the second time around would be better and it was!This time around we went and ordered another bottle of my now favorite wine Sexual Chocolate, it's a Syrah - Zinfandel blend and it's frankly to die for. The bottle runs around $65.00 and they offer it by the glass as well at I believe $16.00.  This go around we decided to order an assortment of their appetizers, and I was frankly blown away by nearly all of them. The only one I wouldn't order again would be the Spicy Tuna Pops. The tuna itself was amazing, super fresh and really flavorful. The waffle cone that it arrived in didn't exactly compliment the fish. Other items that we ordered and LOVED were the dozen oysters, we got an assortment of the oysters they had that particular day and they were fresh and this time around there wasn't a trace of shell in any of the oysters! WOOHOO!The Crispy Cuttlefish was one of my fav items that evening - The only way to describe it is that it is very similar to calamari but frankly it's better than calamari. It doesn't have that rubbery texture to it and it was fried to perfection and the lemon aioli was the perfect compliment to it. Cuttlefish's take on a wedge salad is what dreams are made of! I love wedge salads but I usually am not a huge fan of the iceberg lettuce since it really has zero taste or nutritional value to it. The bibb lettuce was a welcome change of pace and the crispy pancetta, and avocado was a nice  addition. The pork  belly, the Carlsbad Mussels, Shrimp and grits I could just go on and on! Had the opportunity to meet Joey one of the owners who was very friendly, and I was really impressed when I learned that he actually cooks in the kitchen there. I love that he is a hands on owner and it shows that he has a real investment in the establishment! Def worth checking out if your in the mood for some fabulous seafood, and if you love oysters and champagne Wednesday's are 1/2 priced oysters and champagne nights and they had some great live music!
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/14/2014,795,565,7,14,11>Wow.After our aborted trip to Two Hippies one Sunday (it was closed), we looked around on Yelp for another spot for lunch.  Cambodian food caught my wife's curiosity, so we dodged the roadwork in the quest to make it here.Decorated with antiques (some look like they were from 1950s Cambodia) this place was very pleasant inside.  Service was friendly and smiling.  The food was--quite unlike anything else I've ever had.The fried rice had chunks of perfectly seasoned, tender beef that gave it. . .dimension (for the lack of a better word) that I never realized that a fried rice could have.  I know that this sounds kind of strange, or even goofy, but the taste was simply phenomenal.  When I spoke to my wife about her lemongrass soup, I realized that I she was having a similar experience with her food.A previous reviewer referred to this restaurant as "one of the true ethnic gems of central Phoenix", and I can't put it any better.  If you're in the area and are thinking about Thai curry or a bowl of pho, may I suggest this alternative.  It's not the particular ethnicity that makes this place unique as much as its sheer outstanding quality.  It's something different, done deliciously.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,9/13/2014,228,749,10,10,12>YUM...  My first time here!  I loved it.  I got the French scrambled eggs with sausage and baguette.  Everything was GOOD!  The green ice tea was good and better cold.   The ice machine was out of ice.  It took them about 15 to 20 mins to get more ice into the machine.  The chocolate croissant was super good.  Got 4 macaroons and I inhaled them at home.  YUM.........................
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,9/12/2014,271,246,7,10,9>I took out a yellow Hobie kayak today and had a blast pedaling around Tempe Town Lake for a nice joyride! I was surprised how much easier a Hobie is to pedal (with your legs) than a regular kayak is with oars (using your arms). This system was great because I wasn't tired or running out of steam while cruising around in the kayak. I had a PDF strapped to the back of the kayak, but I wasn't planning on doing any swimming! Lucky for me the kayak was very stable and I didn't feel like it would tip over at any point. I think I would have had to stand up and do the Macarena*(not recommended) to end up in the water. But I would highly suggest being careful with your cell phone in the kayak because my only fear was dropping my phone in the lake! Maybe bring a GoPro, if you have one and strap it to your head for the best footage. Some cool aspects:-Bob from Southwest Kayaks, was so kind to transport the kayak to the lake and gave me some instruction on how to pedal. Then, I was off to explore!-It was easy, fun and I got to sunbathe for a bit, too. -I saw some ducks and wildlife in the lake. A fish even jumped out of the water nearby where I was pedaling. -Now I want a kayak. This was really fun and if you have been interested in trying kayaking in Tempe or Lake Havasu, look into Southwest Kayaks! The Hobie Kayaks are really awesome and easy to use and yes, even kids can do this!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,9/11/2014,185,193,9,19,13>So you get yourself a puppy or an adult dog and you find yourself with two choices.1. Don't train your dog. Let him/her run around and do what it wants, jump up on people, eat your furniture, bite people, pull your arm out of its socket when you walk him, etc, etc. 2. Go to dog training classes. Yeah, number 2 is the right answer. For a very reasonable price ($125) we signed up Anka our brand new 3 month old puppy. Anka is a strong-willed German Shepherd with a high drive and before training was happy to do anything SHE wanted to. After completing our 8 week training class, Anka can now sit, down, wait, stay on command and come when called. She walks on a leash wonderfully now. She doesn't jump up on people any more and she is a lot more comfortable amongst other dogs and people.Leah is very knowledgeable and patient. She spends time both with the class as a whole and with your dog individually. Every one of the dogs in our class improved dramatically over the course of 8 weeks. The transformation was quite amazing to see.I picked Leah because of her history with German Shepherds, but she knows about all dogs. We were so happy with the puppy class that, without hesitation, signed up for the intermediate class and probably the advanced class after that!
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,9/10/2014,280,572,9,13,15>So glad I finally got to try Tuck Shop and with two of my favorite Yelpers too boot!  Once I finally figured out where it was, I loved the warm and cozy feel.  Equally appropriate for date night or girls night.  Don't tell my husband, but girls night is usually more fun--they like WINE!!  And sharing means sharing, not I get one bite before it's gone.We had a few small plates, and none disappointed.  I was surprised to find myself loving the arancini, but it's amazing what these folks can do to rice.  And the stuffed dates with chorizo and gruyere?  That's sweet, spicy, creamy, and salty all rolled into one exceptional bite.  Also on the menu, mac 'n cheese for Shannon M (as if I didn't partake in this mini masterpiece) and a juicy steak with mushrooms and creamy mashed potatoes.   Deciding to  watch our calories, we shared only two desserts..pear upside down cake and a brownie.  I would say both were "edible."  And no need to even wash the plates. So, yep, I'm a fan.  A big one!
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,9/9/2014,189,498,6,12,11>Met here for Smunch right about opening time.  Without even getting in to the food the feel of the place was great.  Spring was in the air and the doors were open to the patio with more seating out there.  Our service was great the whole time for a party of around 10.We had a large enough group several items on the menu got tried.  I had the enchiladas and they let me have one of each.  They were both good.  Normally they serve it with both red and green sauce, next time I would ask for all red as I preferred it.  The salsas and guacamole were great.  The only thing lackluster to me was the beans.  Of those that had tacos it seemed like the fish came in last with shredded beef winning the day.  All of them were good, just in different degrees.This is just a wonderful spot to gather on a spring day in Phoenix.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,9/8/2014,55,233,17,14,12>Unicorn Blood! This shit is so good no wonder they're extinct! I went to pick up a 6-pack of juices for me and my gal the other day and walking into this joint you get hit by the fresh smell of veggies and fruit. I am not going to lie to you and make it sound like I am some health nut. Far from it, I eat burgers and drink martinis! Since I tend to treat my body like a bar more than a temple I figured I should give this juice thing a try. Been drinking odd colored and odd smelling drinks for a month now and I would have to say I do feel better and look like I am maybe 4 weeks younger! Well I can't vouch how it compares to other juice places since I am still a newbie, but Juice Core definitely is a great place to drop in and get some healthy shit!
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,9/7/2014,512,210,7,10,14>Well I can say I am a frequent diner and very happy to say I will continue to eat here again. For a while I had been passing by now wishing i would have taken a chance on dropping in sooner. Groupon is what sold me. I got a killer meal deal which drove me to come in. I am surprised by the reviews as I have not had anything but great experience every time I have visit this location along with quality food. I don't eat Shrimp or Lamb so my reviews are on everything else. The meat is seasoned very well. The salad is amazing. It is not your typical mixed green salad they actually make it pretty loading it with the color veggies that make a mixed green salad taste well. I typically just eat there Champagne Vinegarate but they offer many other salad dressings. Along with the grilled tomato and pita bread make the meal even more enjoyable. My last order was #19 the Chicken Kaboob Meal. This was Grilled Chicken, Rice, Salad, Pita Bread and a Grilled Tomato. Everything was perfect. Fresh flavorful and hot. They cook everything to order so be prepared to wait at least 15 mins but it is worth it for good food.All the staff on deck are welcoming. It is a small little place with plenty of seating. Stop on in grab a drink and be prepared to enjoy.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,9/6/2014,650,610,11,16,19>Wow, I can't believe I haven't been here in years.  I should keep this place in my rotation more often, it is really awesome, however be aware it is really small.  They have pretty good wines on their list, but their margaritas are amazing.  The food is really spicy, my husband was in heaven.  I had the carne adovada sliders, so delicious and my husband had the pork, shrimp and beef enchiladas.  I had a taste of each of them, they were so yummy.  They also have a room for private parties, you can reserve it with $500, that will towards the bill that night, so it is a pretty good deal if you have a large group and you want to enjoy their food and drinks. Hmmm, my birthday is coming up pretty soon!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,9/5/2014,341,239,9,12,10>If playing frisbee golf in a canal that's been converted into a park isn't your thing, then feast your eyes on this beast! Hills, or are they mini mountains? You decide when throwing those frisbees to your heart's delight!Be forewarned, this is not a course for the beginner. There are many desert shrubbery, trees, and other unforeseen obstacles that await you around every turn. Make sure you bring extra bright frisbees, because you can spend countless minutes, sometimes up to 15 or 20 minutes searching for them! The scenery is great though. Around this time, there are many wildflowers that grow and it's not too hot this time of year in late January and early February. This appears to be a popular spot for frisbee golf enthusiasts because there were two groups not far in front of us and two groups after us during the midday Saturday before noon. With only 2 people, you can get through games fairly quickly, but with 4 people in our group we let some groups play through since only two of us actually had some skill while the other two didn't. I shall return though! This park offers a difference change of pace and scenery!
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,9/4/2014,21,62,9,11,5>I miss ya baby.  You were exotic and exciting and mysterious.  You opened me to a whole new world.  And of course, I didn't appreciate you enough and didn't pay enough attention and one day you were gone and I was heartbroken, wondering what I was going to do next, which turned out to be pick another one up on the other side of the highway, and continue my passionate affair.With Afghani food of course!Had a nice lunch today at this Afghani restaurant that opened two weeks ago. At the northeastern corner of Higley and Baseline, this space has been a revolving door of mediocre Indian buffets, but this restaurant I'm hoping is here to stay. First impression, I'm not going to miss Ariana's, which was a short-lived Afghani restaurant on the other side of the 60.  Tastefully decorated with mainstream music playing not too loudly, was a spacious place for lunch.  There was a 20 top that was seated shortly before us, so can't judge service too much, as it was probably around 30 minutes before we got our food. They proclaim proudly about a 72 hour marinade process and a custom made kebob grill thats supposed to be the bees knees.With whatever you order you get a choice of different sides, amongst a salad bar, which although tiny had a nice assortment of add-ons, like chick peas, afghani pico, roasted red peppers, chutneys, and conventional stuff you'd expect as well.Yummy times on the Lamb Kebobs! The skewer was removed from the meat, so although it looks small it still packs quite a punch (twhs) and was quite a filling meal. Tasty, lean lamby goodness, with a firm and satisfying mouthfeel!  The chutney was pretty tart, I liked it a lot, although I disagree with a previous comment about the spiciness. The little cup of pico de gallo Afghani style (haha I'm sure theres an actual name but too lazy to look it up) was tasty. Also I'm sure misnamed but the Tahini sauce was thinner then a greek one and more herbacious, quite delicious. The spinach accented basmati rice was fine but not noteworthy.My wife had their GRILLER- Tikka kabob, grilled onions, grilled vegetables and creamy house sauce, had a few bites and was quite tasty. Their naan bread they used for the wrap is thicker and almost wheatier then anything I've had before, kinda neutral on it but worked as an acceptable conveyance of the deliciousness inside.Has only been opened two weeks so will continue to explore what they offer, pretty wide assortment of items on their menu, with some vegetarian entrees for those so inclined.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,9/28/2013,327,204,3,5,5>Just had a great lunch at Skewers, and I'm happy I finally made it down. For around $11 I walked out of there feeling full and satisfied. During this trip I got to try their falafels, lentil soup, doner, and shish kebab, and I've added some pictures for you to see the deliciousness.The falafels were a bit dense, much like a cake donut, but were definitely tasty. The tahini and salsa concoction served with them soaked right in, and after munching on a couple of those, I got my lentil soup. It was light and refreshing, and also packed with good homemade flavors. Finally, after finishing that, I got to eat the doner, served with dill rice, and try some shish kebab. If you like juicy gyro meat, the doner here won't let you down. I wish they would have served the plate with a little extra tzatziki, but oh well, I can ask next time.I really enjoy getting kebabs or tenderloin from different Middle Eastern joints because they are all flavored differently. There's always some little twist to the spices that make each unique. Skewers flavors theirs with a mixture of sweet and savory. I want to say that they use a little sumac to flavor it. They also serve it with a lemon wedge to squeeze on the kebab to taste. It was delicious and tender.Alright, time to wrap this up. Skewers is going to be a welcomed addition to my lunch rotation. I'm a sucker for good Middle Eastern food, especially on the cheap, and I had nothing but a good experience here. The owner was warm and genuine, and he really cares about his food. I love seeing that pride, and I'm looking forward to returning.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/27/2013,200,98,13,13,11>Damn, look at how many stars this place has out of 140 reviews. Nearly a 5 star rating. That's fucking phenomenal. And rightly so, as this place is truly a treasure among a trove of mediocre chain restaurants. Why on earth would you go to Carrabba's when this place is next door? First of all, cheese. Second of all, moar cheese. No seriously, if you like cheese, this is the place for you. And I. Love. Cheese. In case I was unclear earlier. If you don't like cheese, gtfo. You're dead to me. Not really, but this place is definitely all about some cheesy goodness. I ordered a savory crepe called "Roquefort". It's melted blue cheese, swiss cheese, sour cream, crushed walnuts and caramelized apples. DEAR GOD. I inhaled it. My friends both got some amazing-looking grilled cheese thing. There was cheese ON TOP of the bread. Wow! The food truly was unique, authentic and appropriately priced. I clearly enjoyed it to an extreme degree.As for the service - great! Very friendly and inviting. The owner, Alain, was a complete sweetheart as well. He came over to our table and chatted us up. We asked him a ton of questions about his heritage and the restaurant itself. He was so genuine and kind-hearted, I could not wait to write my review about Le Chalet. And I certainly will be telling people to go there. He deserves the business, as I'd never expect such a gem of a restaurant to be located 56th Ave and Bell.Holla
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,9/26/2013,78,144,4,7,5>Today was my second visit to Wag N Wash, and it was just as good as the first visit. The people that work here are super- friendly and helpful. They'll explain the process to you, get your supplies, and show you the ropes. The wash bins look like they are the type used in grooming salons,  and the dryer area has several areas to dry your pets after their shampoo's. I haven't tried the groomer at Wag N Wash, but this place is a fun place to take your pets to have a little field trip and do it yourself. In additon, they sell premium pet foods, supplements, toys, leashes and collars.Plus, I'm saving a LOT of money!
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,9/25/2013,341,239,7,15,10>After hearing so many people speak of Binkley's like it's all rainbows and butterflies, I will admit that the phrase, "overrated," probably crossed my mind several times. I just did not think that a restaurant could live up to so much, especially with the pricing. However, Binkley's really pulled through on my hubby and my anniversary. We chose the 6 course tasting menu. They neatly gave us a copy of our menu neatly scrolled up with the date and "Happy 6th Anniversary" below.  Wine pairing with our meal which was an additional $50 per person. Yes, we did that too, but it seemed worth it.1st Course - Cold Appetizer:-Slow Cooked Short Rib Carpaccio - braised lotus root, snow pears, lychee, fairy squash, maple-wasabi, and sweet soy.  -Menage a Foie - chicken terrine, vanilla mousse, spicy white chocolate truffle, croutons, arugula, plum mustard, licorice.  My husband is really into terrines so he really loved this appetizer. The arrangement was very artistic that eventually resembled an art deco piece. 2nd Course - Hot Appetizer:-Black Truffle and Sweet Corn Risotto - shaved Australian winter truffles, shrimp, chanterelle mushrooms, summer squash, and parmesan cheese. The young waiter actually shaved the black truffles in front of me with white gloved hands. You know that movie, Jerry Meguire, when she says, "You had me at hello?" Well, Binkley's unforgivingly won me over with those black truffles!-Lobster Ravioli - clamshell mushrooms, radish, garlic, eggplant, and tomatillo. For something so little, it packed so much flavor and was rich and buttery.3rd course - Fish-Coho Salmon Steak - bacon wrapped giant gnocchi, lemon rapini, spaghetti squash, and sweet pepper vinaigrette. I actually was more impressed by the bacon wrapped giant gnocchi - it was like a buddy whom you haven't seen in several years and you taste it, and you think, "Where have you been all my life?"-Horseradish Crusted Halibut - cavatelli, broccoli, leeks, mirepoix, cabbage, white wine tomato broth. I stole a bite of this halibut and I was immediately jealous that I didn't order this instead of the salmon, but then I second guessed, because had I not ordered that salmon, then I wouldn't have met my bacon wrapped gnocchi.4th course - Meat: -Duck - mesquite seared breast served on a dish with green onion, butternut squash and foie gras vinaigrette. A duck confit with egg and other ingredients came in a separate adorable creme brulee type serving dish, but the lid was an actual ceramic duck. The duck breast was already cut into large cubes and cooked to perfection. I love duck, and this is one of the best preparations I've had - the texture and flavor in perfect harmony together. -Red Wine Poached Filet Mignon - sea beans, sweet potato, haricots verts, pearl onion, shiso, yuzu-beef broth.  It's the first time I've ever seen the hubs eat anything slow since he truly wanted to savor each bite! (He usually houses food down in seconds!)5th Course - Cheese-Truffle Fondue - Oh my goodness! Really, you took a fondue and added truffles?! I was in heaven eating this fondue. I was given an assortment of fruit, nuts, and popcorn to dip in my mini truffle fondue. -Cheese platter for the hubs - You get to choose 3 types of cheeses to go with a platter of cheese, nuts, and fruits. I remembered the porter cheese being really delicious. 6th Course - DessertSweet Potato Bread Pudding - We both had the same. Both had "Happy Anniversary" written in chocolate in delicate cursive handwriting. Interspersed throughout our entire dinner event, we were given amuse bouches galore:-Home made uniquely shaped and flavored chips with a cream moose-Szechuan peppered peach soup-Mini, almost nano sized, sloppy joe-Tomatillo panna cotta with bacon and onion-Watermelon papaya fettuccini-Pickled chanterelle mushrooms in a sherry sauce-Heirloom tomato salad flash frozen with mozerella foam-Cherry "bomb" encapsulation iwth pepper oil fresno chili oil inside-Lemon glaze ball shaped donuts-Vanilla macaroon with chooclate malt butter cream (the last amuse at the very end!)In addition to these tastes, they served us a hibiscus tea that helps with digesting all the food just gluttonously devoured served in what resembled something straight out of my college chemistry lab. It caught everyone's eye. They also brought "disco shots" over flashing LED lights. I laughed with delight, because honestly in a restaurant that seemed so sophisticated, I did not expect them to throw in some fun. Another thing that surprised me was how young some of the wait staff is. The ones that served us our food looked so young, yet they had so much knowledge about the food and were just so polite. I can safely say we are both on the Binkley "band wagon" now and I'll admit that I'm not ashamed to say they proved me wrong. They are well deserving of their high ratings in my book.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/24/2013,1114,557,7,13,10>Seriously one of the best subs you will ever eat. 1. Fresh baked bread2. perfect selection of hand picked meats and cheeses3. Quality toppings, sauces etc. 4. Bang for your buck. HUGE subs.5. Try the sweets!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,9/23/2013,347,134,6,10,9>Our team chose this place to have breakfast 2nd year in a row before our team build activity. I guess we spend so much time together we're starting to think alike because all 6 of us ordered the same thing, the chicken fried steak, gravy & eggs! Six people can't be wrong, we all cleaned our plates! I thought it was better than my usual favorite go to restaurant for chicken fried steak breakfast. This place appears to be a little hole in the wall Cafe but it was certainly busy, has great food and service to match,  one of those tucked away places that is a must try!
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,9/22/2013,357,214,7,10,7>Mr. M and I saw Lyle Lovett and his Large Band last night in the Ikeda Theater and in spite of the woman next to me talking loudly throughout the show and wearing 14 gallons of an awful perfume----I don't have a sensitive sniffer so if it irritates my sinuses, it should probably have a Hazmat sticker on it.In spite of the couple in front of us in the balcony who violated every rule of concert etiquette you can think of, including:  hanging over the edge of the balcony and blocking our view with the cowboy hat perched on the Mr.'s empty noggin and talking on the phone during the show.  They leaned so far over the balcony rail that I was sure I'd see at least the hat take a dive, and maybe even Darwin's law get enacted, and Dipshit McDoucherson would go on over after it.....but.....no that didn't happen.That would be sad for the innocent victims that moron would have landed on. There is something seriously wrong with some people.And in spite of the fact that it was kind of warm in the Theater ----hey it's August in the desert....The entire evening I never really felt that nice refreshing chill of A/C.  ...the concert was amazing.  Lyle and his band were phenomenal.  The amount of talent on that stage.....well, I'm so glad we went.  The sound in the Ikeda Theater just blows me away.  I'm still trying to figure out where I really like to sit so I'll keep trying other areas.  #12, seats 1 and 2 in the balcony were not great for us, but I knew going in it was limited visibility.  I just didn't think I would have an idiot hanging over the railing in front of us.  Where was the usher?  They are all over the place, and last night I noticed they were so absorbed in the concert the ones around me really weren't paying attention to the patrons and their shenanigans.  If you haven't been here yet you really need to check their schedule and go.  Like I said, the sound is amazing in this beautiful theater, it's easy to get up and down to the different levels, there are plenty of bathrooms, and walking out after the show is so pleasant.  This complex is beautifully designed.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,9/21/2013,215,147,3,4,5>Very excited about the opening of ChopShop today in Tempe, as it is very close to my office. I stopped in for lunch and picked up a Kale Caesar Salad. For those of you who wonder what Chop Shop is: Its not really meat (The name and logo are deceiving). Its all of the organic good-for-you salads, juices and sandwiches with a  good-for-you feel like True Foods. Some of my favorites include the Beet salad, and Power Green juice (with kale, cucumber, ginger, parsley)... They even have Protein shakes...if you are into that sort of thing (which around the ASU campus- me thinks they will have a customer base). But yes.... there is meat. You can add on chicken, steak or shrimp (or tofu) to any entre or item.Parking is around back. I believe its the site of the old Dos Gringos.Enjoy!
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,9/20/2013,752,378,7,9,8>Sweet Delights for sure!  If you are a brownie lover and want to try to find your favorite go to Lady Dianes and check them out. Their Peanut Butter  Chocolate Brownies are so good I want to slap my mother!  Right now Lady Dianes Bakery facing 19th avenue is  needing business because of the construction traffic/ So this is a great time to take a delish treat to the office or to a friend  or just eat a goodie for yourself.  You will not be sorry.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,9/19/2013,266,1123,7,7,7>The BF and I went here tonight with the International Supper Club and it was really good! I have only had Korean food a few times before and this was by far the best I've had (the other places were in Seattle, so that's pretty good). The lady who worked there was helpful, a little stressed out, but helpful. She managed to get everyone's food out at around the same time and it was all steaming hot...literally steaming. I had the spicy soup with sliced beef and it was really good. I thought it could be a little spicier, but it had a lot of flavor and the beef fell apart. The BF had the bulgogi and it was amazing! Very soft and flavorful. The sides were all interesting...we got 4 sets of 7-8 side dishes to share. The tofu side was the best, and I don't particularly like tofu, but this was firm, spicy, and delicious. The bok choy, spicy potato, cucumbery thing, and kim chi were all very good. Now, this place is not particularly cheap, but we had so much food, it was crazy! Plus, it all tasted good. I would definitely come back here in the future!
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/15/2014,512,210,6,9,8>I am a true fan of anything Fox Restaurant Concepts rolls out in the restaurant industry but Juby True is just another reason why I continue to dine with them. I recently have been on this huge health kick and Juicing is my new favorite thing to do. My mornings consist of my Juicing at home to ending my day at Whole Foods grabbing a fresh squeezed juice to go. Though now that I can enjoy fresh juice while I shop is even better. With two locations in my neck of the woods I am down to swing by. (Blitmore and Scottsdale Quarter)I had the opportunity to visit the Scottsdale Quarter Location attached to True Foods. I was very impressed with the variety of healthy options to choose from. Between fresh pressed juices, smoothies, teas, coffee,  to boosters and much more. Basically one can catch a taste of their favorite veggies to yummy fruits in one teeny tiny spot. The menu is easy to read and so simple to find the option you may like. Now I read that they use a cold press to help keep the flavors and nutrients fresh. I also have to mention with so many food allergies people have no days they can play it safe. Options for gluten allergies, vegans and vegetarians. I have to say now that "ROCKS!"I did not get the opportunity to ask but I did read that they offer a 1-3 day cleanse package. I will have to check that out. So all you health nuts there is no excuse to grab junk and go while your shopping. There is a new sheriff in town and he is going to catch your heart after one visit.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,6/14/2014,253,210,19,30,23>I was debating a 3 or 4 star for this place on my drive home.  I decided this place is certainly over the 3.5 star mark, so 4 star it is.First, you will find that the Cleaver Koi is on the west side of Central/Lite Rail in a small copper/bronze colored building that has a small breezeway down the middle.  The sign out front is small.  You should turn on/down (don't U turn) Glenrosa St or if you U-turn, be sure to turn into their parking lot at the FIRST left turn (just north of the building) you get to.  If you try that second turn, you will be turning into the wrong parking lot and you will have to circle around on Central and come back again.  Don't ask me how I know this.  But I will say it could be helpful information for those who are not familiar with the area.Cleaver Koi is a very "neat/cute" space.  I LOVE the ambiance, the look and feel of the restaurant.  It has an atmosphere that is right on par with Central Phoenix, hipster, chic, cool.  I stopped in there today, a Saturday, for lunch. The cleaver Koi has been open about 2 months, so there wasn't a crowd, but the server mentioned that the day before on a Friday, they were completely packed pretty much the entire lunch and dinner service.  So as the masses are finding out about this place, it is filling up like good CenPho restaurants do.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…My friend and I ordered a variety of things.  Here's my take on a few of memorable things.My favorite item was the "Pig Face" dumplings!!!  Amazingly delicious and savory with an appropriate level of spice.  Tender dumplings that practically melt in your mouth. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…We also tried the following notable things:Salt and Pepper Shrimp:  worth having again.  I was pleased with the size and amount of this dish.  I would have had that as an entre.  yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…Peking Duck Steamed Bun:  Oh man, the duck is very good!  yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…I will definitely come back here for HH when I get the opportunity.  I originally planned to have the roasted pork ramen, but I ended up ordering the Massaman Noodles.  I was satisfied with it, but I ordered it thinking that the noodles would be in a more brothy/soup-like base.  but this dish is certainly a curry (gravy) texture (as the menu stated) and the dish could be eaten with chopsticks.Oh, they have the cutest crafted cocktail menu... there's one drink "Hey Bartender"... you tell them the spirit and the flavor choice you like... the bartender creates a drink just for you.  It worked twice for us!  Awesome, loved it.
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,6/13/2014,61,112,10,17,17>It simply does not get better than Merci and the masterpieces Duc provides. The most generous of spirit chef you'll find, Duc puts his heart and soul into crafting perfect plates of amazing from Scratch. Everything is of the finest quality and honestly the most delicious preparation. Homemade buns and sauces for the burgers, the best quality beef and turkey and lamb, insanely great sandwiches and salads: you won't regret a single item on the menu.His dinners are no different: insanely high quality at a price point that honestly doesn't make sense. It's so affordable you wonder how there isn't a line out the door, and perhaps consider not telling your friends to keep it that way, but it's just so good that you can't keep it to yourself.Do yourself a favor and take a few friends to Merci for a wonderful lunch. Do call if you head over for dinner; they're still establishing their firm dinner hours, so letting them know you're coming during their tentative dinner hours (on Wed-Sat) is a good idea.They'll take amazing care of you. And try the pastries. They'll blow you away as an encore.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,6/12/2014,184,221,4,7,7>I've been to a couple of shows at the lost leaf and each time I enjoyed myselfThe service is always very welcoming and friendlyIt is a cute little house with a cool layoutThey even have a small side patio where you can enjoy the weather or enjoy a cigaretteThey also have a great beer selectionI always ponder where they put their beer... Like, it's a small house... With a ton of beer..I always just see the fridge though lolI had a pumpkin ale one night and I loved itThe guys behind the bar are very helpful
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,6/11/2014,18,129,8,12,9>I was craving some Filipino food without having to make it myself. I assumed that there wouldn't be many Filipino places near me; but a two-second search through Yelp proved me wrong. I ordered a variety of stuff to get a general feel of what this place has to offer (no, I didn't eat it all---I have lots of leftovers to enjoy later). I ordered the chicken adobo, pancit palabok, and 3 types rolls--guava with cheese, ube, and plain cheese fillings.I agree that the food has a home-cooked feel, so do not expect some fancy or gastro-pub meal. The adobo tasted great, just like how my mom makes it. There were sides of pancit and rice; both tasted fresh. I wasn't particularly fond of the pancit palabok; there was too much egg in it, but I'm real picky when it comes to preparing the dish.I ate a third of the roll with the guava and cheese filling. It was delicious! There is a sweet cheese and guava jelly that melts together well with the flaky crust. I imagine if I had this when it was freshly baked or even heated up, I would have enjoyed it more. I have yet to try the other two, but I think I will like them too. The two people who took my order and packaged everything up were really nice. Then there was the one remark 99.9% Filipinos say to me, "But you're so tall!" One of them told me to come to karaoke on Fridays to make friends; haha, cute. The restaurant looks like a Filipino home that happens to have a couple of bakery displays. So again, nothing fancy but I'm OK with that.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,6/10/2014,191,100,9,9,8>Wow, that was unexpectedly good!  I had the Chicago Dog (I don't remember, they may just call it an original hot dog) with everything and the free fries that come with it.  Ok, fine... you caught me, I'm lying... I had TWO Chicago Dogs.  Sometimes at places trying to replicate a good Chicago-style hot dog, I have experienced less than stellar results... things like soggy buns that fall apart or relish that is too sweet.  But here at Jimmy's, the bun was PERFECT and the the toppings were just as they should be!Oh, and the fries?  Ummm, UH-MAZ-BALLS!  Normally I'm not much of a fry guy, but here I let out my gluttonous fry side and gobbled up all dem fries!!I will DEFINITELY be back -- hurrah hurrah to Jimmy's for getting this Chicago classic just right!!
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,6/9/2014,248,354,9,14,14>I have now been to 3 shows at the Hale Theater and love it! Huge fan! I am always blown away by the caliber of the performances. They do an amazing job with the space they have. My favorits so far really is the Christmas Carol. The singing and performaces were the best I have seen for this play and I have seen it 4 times and each time was at a much larger venue and this performance blew them all away. And the price...This is a bargain! Really resonably priced night out. They have a Yelp check in offer for a free beverage at the intermission. Love Yelp Check in offers! The drinks are reasonably priced even without the offere as well. Parking is a little rough but not horrible. Already have my tickets for Footloose and 9 to 5. Support local theater! Go to Hale Center Theater! You won't be sorry!
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,6/8/2014,123,193,6,8,8>We stopped in for the first time based on a recommendation of another Yelper.The chairs are extremely comfortable, but the artwork on the wall is very strange. I don't get it. It seems like they just decided to hang ugly paintings instead of actually painting the walls, they are very dirty. Our service was ok, but I assume she was new. I ordered 2 tacos a la carte and my boyfriend ordered a meal which comes with beans and rice. We then headed up to the salsa bar to accompany our chips. There were sooo many to choose from. I loved the green salsa and who would have known salsa made from radishes would actually be really tasty??Our tacos were great, the beans didn't taste like they were from a can and the meat was cooked perfectly. The only issue I had with my lunch were the taco shells, I feel like they were a little too soggy.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,6/7/2014,241,164,10,7,8>I LOVE this place.  I've stopped in many times, and it's always great!First off, it's small and chill.  The walls are chalkboards, with all of their beer and wine selections listed for patrons to check out.  They have happy hour until 8pm, yes please.  They have tons of fun little games around the bar to play, including Cards Against Humanity.  The owners are great people, super down to earth...they play great tunes (which they usually are dancing to behind the bar).  They have a great beer selection (try Shake Chocolate Porter!!), which I swoon over every time I stop in.  They have a decent wine list and a few swine eats (hot dogs, ham and cheese sammich and a meat and cheese board).  It's the perfect neighborhood bar, no frills and laid back enough that anyone can just roll in.My co-workers and I stop in pretty regularly, and my most favorite time was Valentine's night where they had condoms on the bar for people to take.  The Whining Pig: where people can drink and get it on responsibly.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,6/6/2014,1114,557,4,12,10>If you have not been here in several years, it is not the same stale Cheers it was back then. The place is clean, brigher, and Cheers'ier. The food is better than most bars too. I have had the burger, wings, and chicken. the fries are good too. Service "can" get a tad slow if they get busy, but once your there, they take care of you. The tv's, music, karaoke, shuffleboard, darts, pool...drinks and buddies. It is a perfect bar.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2007,5/10/2007,99,227,3,5,4>Nestled amongst the dreary grit of Mesa's industrial district, Mickey's touts a specialty that's slowly gathering a diverse fan base:  Mexican-style hot dogs, *WRAPPED IN BACON*.Mickey's serves traditional Mexican fare that's pretty good too.  A serve-yourself condiment station loaded with salsas and peppers stands in a customer accessible area.  A light-eating friend of mine comes here for low-buck lunches, and claims she can transform a pair of one-dollar quesadillas into a complete meal by covering them with ladle-fulls of complimentary salsa.Mickey's has a tiny indoor dining area, but compensates with a small outdoor patio that faces MacDonald Street.  You order inside, then pick up your hot dogs from a mobile cart that sits outside the entrance.  The bacon-wrap combines with Mexican seasonings and a panaderia-style hot dog bun to make an interesting taste treat that's unlike any hot dog you've ever had.  Size-wise, the hot dogs aren't massive...picture a slightly plumper than normal dog on an average length bun.  At two-fifty each, a pair of them make a five-dollar lunch that'll satisfy most light to normal appetites.  The downside?  This is Arizona....evenings on the patio can be nice, but summer heat can make outdoor dining downright uncomfortable during the day.  Other odd quirks?  The guy running the hot dog cart has a ghetto blaster....and blast it he does.  Stranger yet, don't come  here looking for bacon-wrapped goodness at lunchtime....a sign behind the counter warns that hot dogs aren't available till after 4:00PM.Prices?  Relatively Cheap.  Quality? Better than average.  Ambiance is minimal, and the surrounding area is utterly devoid of neighborly charm.  Still, a new taste treat that sets you back only five bucks doesn't come around that often.  My advice? Make your way down to the corner of Broadway and MacDonald.....after 4:00 PM.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2006,5/9/2007,189,42,11,2,3>I have a love/hate relationship with the Merc Bar.  I love the ambiance, I love the scotch menu, if I were single-I would love the ladies.. or I would love it as a date bar.  On the inverse side, Merc is a tad snooty.  Once, I was denied enterance purely because I was wearing a hat.  Now, this wasn't some meat-head sporty cap, nor was it a gangsta rag; no, it was simply one of those little military style caps with the short bill that you see all the hipsters wearing these days.  Comeon folks, you're in a freakin mall, LET ME WEAR MY CAP, I'M BALDING FOR GODS SAKE!!  ONLY 3 STARS FOR YOU!!!
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2006,5/7/2007,78,82,1,4,4>I have been going to Los Compadres for most of my life and it's always been the same - OUTSTANDING. The restaurant is family owned, friendly, incredibly laid back., and they serve the tastiest, most authentic Mexican food north of the border.  Honestly, their beans are so DELICIOUS that I very rarely even order meat in my burritos.  On the rare occasion that I mix it up, I always go for the one and only green chile. If you are in the Phoenix, Scottsdale, Paradise Valley area.....RUN, don't walk, to Los Compadres.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/26/2006,5/6/2007,9,18,3,1,1>Update: OK. So, I still haven't returned to Olive & Ivy except to fetch a bottle of water for my wife during a nice stroll around the canal. But I run by the place almost every morning and started to think I was being unfair - and, perhaps, a little juvenile, in my review. Forget about the Grilled Cheese Incident. But the rest of it - snooty wait staff attitude, included - should be given the weight you deem appropriate. Cheers. ===============================It's two pieces of bread and some cheese ... maybe some butter. It's a grilled cheese, of course, and, it turns out, you can't get one at this place. That may not be surprising given the upscale nature of Olive & Ivy. But it's on the menu. The menu it's on just happens to be in the adjoining marketplace. But what does that matter when we're talking about a lousy grilled cheese sandwich. If that were only it, though. Not long ago, I joined my wife and a friend for a few drinks and what likely would have transitioned into dinner. We sat in the bar area after being initially and erroneously told that food was unavailable on their fabulous patio. Our bar server told us otherwise and we were soon relaxing next to a roaring blaze outside. Problem One: Solved. Unfortunately, it was replaced by Problem Two: Our server.As it turns out, the young lady apparently didn't think highly of us sitting on the patio. After all, she had to schlep 20 or 25 extra yards to help us. We tried to make it up to her with a little self-deprecating humor, offering that she "probably hated us for sitting" outside but we were good tippers. She grimaced and forced out a laugh. Whatever. What do you want for $15 glasses of wine and $8 beers? Speaking of beer ... Problem Three: Beer selection. Olive & Ivy has, apparently, thousands of bottles of wine. I mean, the bottles reach the ceiling and keep going. Very impressive ... if you drink wine. I, as you may know, do not. I drink beer. And I'm not embarrassed to say so. In fact, I pretty much drink one beer --- Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. That they did not have. Well, they had it in the marketplace but not on the beverage list. (Yes, I did consider buying the six pack of Sierra in the marketplace and bringing it outside to the patio. It was only $2.50 a beer. But like I said, this was a pretty upscale place.)There were the usual suspects: Coors or Corona or whatever. But then there were some other, European offerings, one which I chose and enjoyed. Nevertheless, it continues to amaze me that restaurateurs spend tens of thousands --- maybe even hundreds of thousands --- of dollars on wine inventory and the like, but can't manage to get the distributor to throw in an extra couple of cases of acceptable beer. A shame, to be sure. Anyway, Problem Three: Solved, more or less. But this is where it all devolves. So, back to Problem Two: Our server.We enjoyed drinks and a terrific flatbread appetizer before finally succumbing to the server's constant barrage of dinner offerings. The girls placed their orders without challenge. Me? I wanted a grilled cheese. So, I asked for one. It seemed simple enough. The server shot back that a grilled cheese likely would not be made, but she would check. In her absence and all things about the night considered, we decided that if these folks who can put together a grilled flat iron steak with caramelized shallots couldn't manage to slap together two pieces of bread and some cheese we didn't want any of it. Our server came back a few minutes later and happily informed us that a grilled cheese was not available. As agreed, we asked for the check. "I am so glad I didn't put that order in," she declared with glee. An appropriate tip ensued and we were on our way out.Before leaving, though, we stopped to ask about the availability of the grilled cheese in the marketplace. It was not available, a manger-type-looking person said, because the materials had been put away for the day. I'm wondering, of course, why at the end of the afternoon the folks at Olive & Ivy need to file away bread and cheese in some far-flung locker that is apparently on a sort of time lock until the next day's lunch. I also was curious as to why a restaurant --- fancy or otherwise --- would throw away what would have been an extra $100 in sales because of a grilled cheese. Say what you will about our tactics. But in the end, all of our problems came to an end when we walked out the half-broken front door.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2007,5/5/2007,6,12,,2,2>Michaels has been around since the mid-1980's and has a little bit of everything when it comes to anything related to Arts & Crafts.   When I first moved to Arizona there were only a few Michaels and their scrapbooking supplies were limited.  Now the stores have stepped up and you can find almost anything if you are patient.  Big plus is the 40% coupons that come out in their ads in the Sunday paper.  During holidays often there will be 50% off coupons on special days.  But the coupon is only on good non-sale items.  During Thanksgiving they have coupons for extra % off even on sale items so use it to stock up.While this is not my favorite Michaels in Phoenix it is less than a mile from my house.  So I shop here first and wait for those coupons to get deals - the coupons can even be used on magazines & books the store carries. Most Michaels have classes to teach you off to do crafty things.  Check it out!
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2007,5/4/2007,123,110,2,8,3>Lali J. and I took a road trip to Tokyo Lobby last night. We'd heard about it through excellent reviews in the New Times and the Republic (a positive review in the Republic is often a neon sign that says "stay away," but we decided to risk it). As a transplanted New Yorker/San Franciscan/Los Angeleno, I have to say Tokyo Lobby has been my favorite sushi experience in the valley. If you're used to Ra or any of the other McSushi places, it's worth the schlep up to North Glendale (which is almost as far as the Yukon from where we live) to check this place out.T.L. is a small, 10 table joint, but it's crowded in a vibrant, fun way. Service is fast and friendly. It's in a strip mall, but if you keep your eyes left of center as you approach from the parking lot, you won't see the WalMart on your right. The usual/traditional suspects are brilliant -- stunning unagi, maguro, tobiko, etc. The sides and appetizers were fab, too: great seaweed salad and gyoza. Tokyo Lobby is creative with the specialty rolls -- the Marilyn Mon-Roll (not kidding) was terrific: a spicy tuna roll wrapped in albacore with an elegant topping of crispy/crunchy onion.There's also a full menu of earthbound flesh and assorted other goodies. Everything looked great. Really -- check this place out!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2007,5/3/2007,194,612,1,4,3>If you are on a diet, don't come here. It's too tempting! My friend and I had our last meal in Phoenix here, and we shared a chocolate and butter fry bread. It was fantastic! So gooey, but the chocolate was delicious!There are a ton of other options, ranging from savory to sweet. I went during lunch, so a lot of people were getting fry bread with beans and meats.  Prices are very reasonable, but be prepared to wait if the line is out the door. Seating is very limited, so if you have a big party you'll have to keep that in mind.  Based on the one meal I had, it was great. I would have liked to try the other ones, but I was too full (and feeling way too guilty!)BTW- They are closed Sundays.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2007,5/2/2007,34,48,,3,2>See apparently in Arizona the only form of Chinese food comes in buffet form.  This usually equates to fast foodish Chinese that bears little if any resemblance to real authentic Chinese food.  The buffet bars are filled with sub-par quality food that is then piled onto plates in mass quantities by the patrons who rejoice with the fact that they are expanding their culinary experience with "Asian Cuisine."   There's also a lonely bar of sushi that only the truly adventurous will wander over to.  Then there's the dessert bar to tempt the masses.There's nothing like an Asian buffet to make me feel like I'm in suburbia.  However, I'm still giving this place 4 stars for several reasons.  For one their sushi bar is fairly decent.  The woman even made me a salmon hand-roll on request.  They had unlimited crab legs (for some odd reason this seems to be standard in most buffet places) that were fresh and tasty.  Generally their food seemed to be fresh and decently prepared. It's way cleaner than most buffet places.  They wiped down the chairs after people left.  They were friendly to me and my family.  It's nice to see a staff that seems genuinely happy to see people enter their restaurant.  Number one reason for 4 stars?I think it might be honestly about as good as it gets for Chinese here in this area and for $9.99 I can't complain to much.  Especially since I went back 3 times.  Yep I was starving!
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2007,5/1/2007,676,1587,1,2,1>"What's a Mancuso?" said Susy C to her friend."I dunno" he replied, "but let's go eat there so you can just say you did""Oh yeah sure, i'll just be like 'psh, hello guys, I had Mancuso's."Think Austin Powers meets a hodge podge of Asian, Italian and American restaurants. On my last day in Scottsdale, my pal and I happened across this restaurant whilst strolling along in Kierland.Okay I lie, and why the hell am I trying to talk all fancy? Being in Scottsdale is getting to my head!I was famished, dare I say starving and ready to chew my own arm off? Anyway, it was sunday, the restaurant was practically empty. Service was fair although they did forget our napkins. Food was decent, moderately priced. We split the calamari appetizer. My friend doesn't eat the little tentacles so I got to devour them myself, YES!I had the Ahi Tuna Salad while my friend had a small house salad which is a HUGE plate of salad for $5. I mean seriously, I could've been satisfied off that thing! Okay i'm lying again, I eat a lot and it wouldn't have filled me up. My friend also had the linguini with clams in white sauce. It smelled good, but I don't think it was that great.At the end of our meal I half expected Mike Meyers to walk down the stairs and exclaim "yeaa baby yeaaa! Do I make you rrrrrrrrrrandy?"
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2007,4/30/2007,29,5,,2,2>What's the sign of a fabulous restaurant? I simply cannot get this deelish memory out of my head -- and it's been weeks since I've eaten there. My restaurant habits tend to be that of repetition and fear of trying somewhere new. Having been a vegetarian for over a decade, new menus were more an exercise in fear than a potential find.So a few weeks ago when I was feeling adventurous, I loaded the kid and the boy in the car and asked who wanted where and what to eat. The regular short list of restaurants offered nothing in the way of interest for any of us, and, desperate, I pulled out the Sidekick 3 to get some ideas. Ryan said he wanted a burger, so I searched for "best burger near [my zip code]" and a reference to Delux Burger popped up. It was relatively close to home, so off we went.Arriving, the outside of the restaurant is a little deceptive. It's in a Safeway shopping center and if you're not looking for Delux, you're likely to miss it altogether. It's a tiny little place with a tiny little patio but (by virtue of being nestled in a shopping center) there's plenty of parking.Moms & Dads: I was a little nervous that an exclusive little diner like this would be the type to be unfriendly to kids, but that's definitely not an issue. Space is scant, but we sat on the patio and it was comfortable.The menus were skinny and long and consisted mostly of the beer, wine, and liquor selection, which might have been their original focus from the start (but I don't know that for sure). Their hours are 11am-2am, so I think they're really hoping to serve a post-club-but-not-done-partying segment in the wee-er hours. I perused to find something other than beef or chicken (I don't eat either) and was thrilled to find a grown-up grilled cheese (3 cheese, oven-roasted tomatoes, baby arugula on a demi-baguette).Shortly thereafter, I saw it. The delux Fresh Fish sandwich. The idea of a grilled cheese was interesting given the ingredients, but I wanted something less rich and more flavorful, and here it was, offered up to me in a single menu entry like a hand-picked wildflower from a wide-grinned, grateful, not-expecting-anything-in-return toddler...From the menu:    Grilled Mahi Mahi marinated in sake and orange juice with wild herbs, served on a toasted, handcrafted brioche bun with redleaf lettuce, all-natural beefsteak tomatoes and red onions accompanied by sides of creme tartar and cucumber-pear medley.One word describes this sandwich: Divine. It was hot and perfectly cooked. The fish was light and the flavors were magical. The bread wasn't overpowering and the lettuce was proportioned -just enough- to give you a taste and a different texture, but not take the spotlight from what the real star was. I couldn't get enough of this sandwich. Sadly, though, it came to an end much quicker than I'd desired and yet I was still craving more. How often does something so good and good for you leave you so breathless and wanting more?We had also ordered a "shopping cart" of sweet potato and regular french fries (the kid loved that, though toddlers + things on wheels atop on high surfaces are surely a recipe for eventual disaster), and I snacked on those to curb any further temptation to order another sandwich. At $10 a pop, I didn't need to scarf these things like snacks.The kid had a kids-friendly grilled cheese which was a panini-based creation (very simple) on a bed of french fries, though she didn't want anything to do with those fries when the shopping cart fries were also available and, by virtue of their container, much more tasty! Ryan had a burger and he liked it, too, but I honestly remember very little of our outing as I was too busy flying high on my mahi mahi experience.Time kinda stood still for a little while and for that I must recommend Delux Burger to anyone who likes to eat stuff that tastes really good.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,8/19/2013,643,475,10,15,15>I've been to Los Sombreros a few times and really enjoy the al fresco dining on their cozy patio. This is a great date night restaurant. I stay away from the indoor dining area because it tends to be a bit claustrophobic for me. Anything with Carnitas ($18.95) is fabulous but the price is pretty hefty in my opinion. The service is usually pretty decent. I've never had a problem with parking like some other yelpers have mentioned. There is a parking lot and also some street parking.If this place was closer to mi casa I would be a regular at this place.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,8/18/2013,228,749,8,8,5>M and I came here for a Sunday brunch to get caught up with the latest and greatest.  We opted to sit in the patio.  It was a nice and warm day.  The patio is doggy friendly!!!   That is cool.  I would love to bring my dogs, but I think I will eat the other (small) dogs for brunch.  =)  They have a great brunch menu but I opted for the Grilled Chicken Pie flatbread (it was calling my name) and a side of french fries.  M ordered the biscuits & beer gravy for $10 includes your choice of a 10oz AZ beer.  The flatbread was so good.  Flavorful, light thin bread, and baked to perfection.  M's biscuits and beer gravy was very good too.Why 4 stars?  The service was good but slow.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/17/2013,497,129,12,10,9>All I wanted when I came to The Sweet Tooth Fairy was a simple Carrot Cupcake as a finishing touch for my wife on our anniversary. Just a simple get in, get out operation. Little did I know that I would be confronted with so many different and tantalizing choices. The glass counter where the cupcakes are housed isn't really all that large. Yet, somehow, they manage to fit an incredible selection of all different tastes and styles in that amazing little space.At first, I was a little sad, because I didn't see any carrot cupcakes. I was bouncing all around the case seeing fantastic visions of things called "Toasted Coconut", "Red Velvet", "Gluten Free Key Lime", "Peanut Butter Chocolate", and probably the most tempting of all, "Thin Mint".  (The "Thin Mint", along with the "Somoa" are special cupcakes for the month of March, 2013.)It only took me a moment to shake off the haze and finally find the Carrot Cupcake I so desperately desired. It was on the bottom shelf, looking amazing! When I went to order it, the young lady behind the counter confronted me with a conundrum. She asked how many I wanted. In reality, I only wanted one...but, I'm only human. I couldn't really justify only bringing one cupcake home to a house of two women. So, I opted for a four pack.I took a second look at the display case, and I found this adorable chocolate cupcake topped with blue frosting and a sour gummy rainbow on top of it for my daughter.  It was as adorable looking as it sounds. For me, I REALLY wanted to get the Thin Mint cupcake. I asked the young lady if I would contract diabetes if I were to eat it. She laughed, but never really gave me a straight answer, so I didn't get it. I opted for the Toasted Coconut instead.There was one final spot left in the box. Like I said before, there were so many tempting options from which to choose, and I hate multiple choice tests. I always talk myself out of the right answer. However, I don't know that there really COULD be a wrong answer with regards to delicious cupcakes. So, I settled (if you can call it that) on the Red Velvet cupcake.For four cupcakes, I ended up paying just under $11.When I brought them home, my wife and daughter were tickled pink! We were each very excited to take a bite of these delicious works of art. The flavors were each fantastic. There was a perfect ratio of icing to cake. The texture of each complimented one another perfectly. The cakes were soft and moist, while the icing was firm, yet still very fresh. That means it didn't make an incredible mess when my four year old tore into it.We don't typically buy pastries. But, on the off chance that we get that urge in the near future, I feel like we've found a solid spot in North Scottsdale!
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,8/16/2013,144,289,10,11,7>Seriously!?!?  How in the HEII am I the first person to write a review for Sandra Dee's Catering!?!?  Crazy!  But woohoo ~ First Review!!  :)I had made an executive/birthday decision last night for dinner.  It was either drive down to Fudds in Tempe and use a birthday coupon or do something else.  I decided to check out the Phoenix Street Coalition's facebook page and see if there were any food trucks gathering.  Lo and behold - Sandra Dee's was going to be right around the corner from us in Old Town!  I inform J...let's skip getting stuck in traffic and check this place out.  I'm certainly glad we did!!Sandra D is very friendly and when I asked if I should get the Shrimp or Catfish Po boy, she suggested the shrimp and trying a basket instead.  So I could try the shrimp on their own.  I decided to go with her suggestion.  OMFG - The shrimp was AWESOME!!!  Lightly coated.  Not undercooked.  But not rubbery.  Awesome seasoning.  The sauce provided to dip, tasty too, but not needed.  The shrimp stood on their own.  :)  Seriously, these shrimp were so good that J enjoyed a few pieces too, and he's not a big fan of crustaceans!  As we were getting ready to leave, Sandra comes out of the trailer and I inform her that my dinner was amazing!  J, SD, and I get to talking and she mentions her gumbo.  We end up getting a sample of it to try.  That too was flipping amazing!  J's take on the Gumbo - "I'd describe the gumbo as sensational.  Well seasoned with a broth that puts others to shame.  The andouille was spectacular.  Firm and savory.  The shrimp perfectly cooked and every bite balanced"We look forward to visiting Sandra Dee's Catering truck again!  :)
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,8/15/2013,295,473,12,9,8>I know a lot of you who have met me have said to yourself (and sometimes to your friends) "Man, I would love to see that guy naked and covered in chocolate" - well you could have had your chance. For Valentine's Day I purchased a Chocolate Lovers couples massage here based on reviews I read online from news outlets and blogs recommending Valentine's gifts. Being Valentine's week the spa ran a sale on the package and by joining the couples club I saved an additional amount. When we decided to book the massage it was an easy process. We arrived a little before the appointment and checked in. We were taken back to the locker room and given a robe and slippers. First up was a chocolate exfoliating scrub from head to toe.  The music was soothing and the ladies were excellent. After that it was time to shower off and return back for a chocolate body wrap. Think of the best chocolate brownie you ever had in your life and wanted to spend the whole day with. I smelled just like that. Then it was back to the shower again and a return for a massage with chocolate lotion. The day ended with time on the patio enjoying lemon and coconut ice cream. There are other snacks in the atrium that are free for the taking. It is nice to relax on the patio with the ice cream and look over the lake. Just remember to keep your robe closed because there are apartments across the lake. The couples massage package lasted for 2 hours and was one of the most relaxing times ever. I can't wait to go back and try other services.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/14/2013,271,246,2,27,8>I'm a beach babe at heart and this is the closest I can get in Arizona without planning a longer journey. The lake is very calm. I like to hang out at Butcher Jones Recreation Area because it has a large beach and the water is shallow, good for hanging out with friends or family. We brought our dog last time, which I guess you're not supposed to do, but I kept him on the leash and there were no problems. FYI- No campfires in the summertime! Bring a grill or sandwiches. :0) Also if you plan on drinking, make sure one person stays sober. There will be cops looking for you on the way out. Going to the lake and getting a DUI would definitely ruin a day at the lake.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,8/13/2013,94,246,6,9,5>I was completely skeptical about Phoenix Ranch Market when my wife said we were going to go check it out last week, so skeptical that I told her I didn't want to go, in all honesty... what could possibly be so good about a little grocery store in a not particularly good part of downtown Phoenix after all? EVERYTHING. Prices lower than Walmart, the largest selection of 89 cent pastries I've ever seen, several small "restaurants", full cows heads for only 49.99, a vast selection of specialty items most grocery stores don't carry much of (Hispanic stuff, fruits, vegetables), plus, it's probably the most clean grocery store I've ever been in. While we don't live close enough to make this our go-to grocery store, I can guarantee you'll see us here several times a month from now on. Five big fat ones for sure.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/12/2013,155,176,8,14,11>This is a great hole in the wall family owned Mexican restaurant. I have not had a bad thing on the menu. Their street tacos are some of the best. You can choose the type of meat you want in them. You can even get all three in the combo different. The Torta is awesome and the burritos are mouth watering.Service is great. It gets a little cramped waiting for your order because the place is really that small. The prices are good too. Sure there isn't a dollar menu but who needs one when the food is this good. Dollar menus are for places with horrible food.It can get packed around lunch time so be warned. Calling you order in will save on time if you only have an hour for lunch.I have been going here for years and will keep coming back.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/11/2013,244,207,8,14,11>Postino, I love you.  I love absolutely everything about you.  My biggest concern is the anxiety I get when it comes time to order.  There are SO many things on the menu that I love, and I'm trying to maintain a girlish figure, so I can't order everything.  My absolute favorite lunch is the prosciutto/fig/brie sandwich on ciabatta with the mixed greens salad.  The fried shallots, pear, candied nuts, and grapes make it an unforgettable dish, and the salty-sweet combo in the sandwich is perfection.  Their lemonade is the best in town, and it is a steal when you factor in the free refills.  Of course, their wine list is extensive and amazing... but I just can't seem to give up my lemonade! The service is always good.  Unobtrusive, knowledgeable, and friendly... plus a little hipster (but not TOO much).  It is always on my most-recommended list to friends and visitors.  Their consistency and quality are always spot-on.  If you haven't been, then get yourself there pronto!
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,8/10/2013,231,1069,23,27,26>I have been hearing about the great cuisines in Phoenix and decided to come to this popular Italian restaurant to get a first impression. Located in a house with a spacious front patio, the interior encompassed a full bar area, breakout dining rooms, hardwood floors, and red brick walls. A friendly staff, constant foot traffic, and opportunities for people watching added to the festive, home-like atmosphere. I came here for dinner with a group of five that included fellow Yelpers Fia R, and Kurdy S, and decided to order antipasti and two pizzas to share. For antipasti, we went with the server's recommendation and ordered the Burrata ($14). The platter came with fresh mozzarella, balsamic drizzles, razor thin prosciutto, and toasted bread. I was impressed by the mozzarella, as it was light, airy, flavorful, and easy to spread across the warm crusty bread. The gentle flavors between the balsamic and prosciutto went hand in hand, as they complemented the mozzarella and bread without hindering it. This is a must get for those visiting for the first time. Next, we shared the half Diavola and half Magherita Pizza ($13). The Diavola was pleasantly spicy, as the pizza was inspired by the centrality of spicy salame embedded in mozzarella and tomato sauce. I also enjoyed the Margherita, as the light tasting tomato sauce, mozzarella, and fresh basil were spot on delicious. One noteworthy limitation regarding their pizza was the soft crust. It had a nice flavor but the texture was also flimsy and unexpected. Finally, we shared a half Procida and half Tartufata Pizza ($14). The Procida came with mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, Asian pears, chopped arugula, goat cheese and black pepper. The goat cheese flavor was very sharp, so I didn't particularly enjoy it as much as the other finesse tasting pizzas. The Tartufata arrived with mozzarella, prosciutto crudo, white mushrooms and white truffle oil drizzles. I enjoyed the smoky flavor stemming from the pizza, but the combination of strong-flavored white truffle oil and cheese didn't go particularly well for me. 3.5 stars. Overall, it was a delicious meal with plenty to rave about. I suggest interested diners to be aware of possible long waits, especially for those arriving later in the evening. Additionally, I also would not suggest this place to those who have a strong preference for thin, crispy crust pizzas. Their desserts were also limited to crepes, which we didn't care for on that particular evening. I must say, the place is great for dates, but the noise level can be pretty loud. Despite these limitations, our water was constantly refilled, and we were attended to frequently without much interruption. It was a great way to start a new journey in Phoenix. I hope to find the perfect crust in the area before coming back.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,8/12/2009,176,83,13,19,20>Have you ever watched those dumb/boring/nerdy space documentaries that tell you lies regarding the impossibility of time travel? Some dude with a talking computer tells you "...currently, there is no way to deviate from the space-time continuum"... Lies! I'll tell you how to do it.  You don't even need to buy a time machine on eBay like Kip Dynamite. Just get into your car (no, it doesn't have to be a Delorian) and drive to 7th Ave and Thomas Rd (just south of Thomas on the E side), and BAM! You, my friend have entered another dimension.You walk into this place and you expect to see Cowboy Biff sitting at the bar. Unfortunately, all you see is elderlies shuffling about. Well, they must know something that we all don't. Like an old man/woman secret that they only tell their peers. You, my friend, have just learned their secret! Sit down and order yourself a Black Bean Burger. What? You say you don't like vegetarian food? Well, neither do I! Trust me. Do it!While you wait, you can imagine you are your grandpa at 12 years old. Just stopping into the local soda fountain shop to get a smooth refreshing malt. Being a 12 year old in the 1930s, you notice how modern and sleek the decor is in here. Ice cream adverts everywhere... Makes you want to stay 12 forever."Mom, can I have some ice cream?" Oh, I mean "Sorry, can I get a strawberry malt with that Black Bean Burger? Ahem, thanks..."
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,8/11/2009,332,375,9,12,11>After reading about PastaBAR on yelp- I had to go see for myself what the heck is going on here!Walked in--- liked the seating situation and the ambiance.  Had the nicest server ever, his name was Nick.  He talked about the menu and answered our questions.  Brought some really great tea and tangy lemonade.  We ordered the fried mozzarella, they make the cheese there-- it was so good.  But not as good as my entree!  I ordered pappardelle and it was possibly the best pasta I have had at a restaurant ever.  It tasted just like my Nonna's homemade pasta, the perfect texture, cooked the real Italian al dente way and I was in heaven.  It was the special and it sure was special.  The portions were good too.  After reading everyone's reviews about portions, I was scared I was going to have to pick a sandwich up afterwards, but no-sir-ee.  I was happily full and planning my next trip!!!
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,8/10/2009,119,483,5,12,13>I'm excited to be the first REAL review of this place.  We decided to stop by here in favor of Postino, as we have already been multiple times, and boy am I glad we did.  This is like the 4th or 5th, or maybe 12th different restaurant inside the ever-so-lovely Clarendon Hotel.  In what seems to be a revolving door of restaurant concepts in this rather charming space, I think we have finally found a winner.Gallo Blanco does something that not enough restaurants do.  They downsize their menu drastically to have only a few different options for lunch/dinner, and a few options for breakfast, plus a few assorted appetizers.  I much prefer a restaurant to have a few things on the menu that they perfect rather than a whole bunch of items that are only so-so.  The dinner menu offers a few entrees including steak and chicken and then there are tortas or tacos with your choice of delectable meat stuffed inside.  The husband and I ordered the cheese crisp (not what you think) and the pork sandwiches.  I would give the Spanish names, but I've got nothing for ya.  The cheese crisp was a fantastic giant fried concoction.  It seems like it was a large tortilla, or something, covered in cheese and deep fried wrapped around something round.  It was really good, I can't describe it much better, just get it if you go.  The pork tortas were so delicious.  The pork was tender and flavorful.  it was mixed with some shredded lettuce, a couple slices of fresh avocado, and there was a delightfully tangy/spicy sauce underneath.  The bread was unbelievably tasty, slightly sweet with a perfect texture.  I was excited to actually have a true torta bun instead of your average run of the mill hamburger bun.  We decided to split the chocolate pudding for dessert.  It was served in a small tumbler.  The chocolate pudding wasn't a traditional pudding and was much thinner.  However, it went perfectly with the graham crackers and the truly homemade marshmallow fluff.  The marshmallow stuff was soooooo good and you can taste the quality.  A tasty yet simple dessert.What a great experience!  I only took away one star because the restaurant was far from busy but the wait for food was a little too long to be deemed acceptable.  However, our server was so sweet and charming, and her English accent was almost unbearably adorable.  It was her first day on the job but she was phenomenal.  I definitely recommend this place to anyone and everyone and I hope we finally have a permanent resident in the Clarendon restaurant space.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,8/9/2009,92,86,20,14,14>This is where Marie Antoinette would eat, were she a contemporary Phoenician and not a deposed French ruler from the eighteen century. Total decadence. Total indulgence. Totally wrong but oh-so-right. Brunch: cheese plate, eggs Benedict in a spicy hollandaise, Gruet mimosa. Lunch: cheese plate, burger with dry jack cheese and pancetta on ciabatta, sweet potato fries, gin-cucumber martini.Oh my god, the cheese list. I really hope I never become lactose intolerant. Because I don't think it would stop me from devouring cheese plates like they're going out of style, but it would make the aftermath upsetting. Anyway, their list is robust and I've yet to try something I don't like. The Roaring '40s blue is excellent. Idiazabal was like a Spanish manchego, but smokier. The manchego was hard and nutty and delicious. The Chimay Grand Cru made great use of its Belgian beer namesake and was smooth and a bit soft.Would you think I was weird if I said the Hoch Ybrig tasted like a Swiss mountain meadow? Whatever, it totally did - floral and fresh and pastoral. I bet those cows were eating some sweet clover and spring blossoms. Wine, cheese, bread. It's like a guaranteed homerun in my book. One problem - some of the sloooowest food ever. And not in that this-was-grown-within-a-four-block-radius way, either. Just slow. Like fucking molasses. Order-in to food-received: 55 minutes. For three burgers, a macaroni and cheese and a cold turkey sandwich. During a late lunch amongst not more than five other tables. This only makes sense if the kitchen contains a bong. Or maybe a live pig. Don't think about it, though. Just order another cocktail, consume your weight in cheese and, if you want to reenact my own experience, drool a little. As Marie Antoinette would say (OK, probably not, since this is totally unverified and historically questionable, but fuck you for saying so), "Let them each cheese!"
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2009,8/7/2009,78,275,9,12,10>Go! Go Quickly! We went last night for Yelp Easts and EVERYTHING practically is on the Yelps Eats menu. My husband and I both started out with the onion tart, my friend had the escargot and her husband had the pate. The tart was fabulous and huge (perfect size for a light lunch). The escargot were a bit of a disappointment. Nothing bad but not as good as she hoped. The pate appetizer came as two slices rather than just one, a very generous portion. We all tried it and it was good (and it's made in-house). For our entree my friend and I each ordered the scallops, my husband ordered the duck and my friend's husband got the steak frites. The scallops were phenomenal. They came on a bed of house made organic creamed corn. Delicious to the last bite. My husband loved his duck. It was pounded thin and panko crusted and served on a bed of horseradish spaetzle. Granted, he loves anything panko crusted, but he did say the duck was good. I had a bite, but the panko crust turned me off (I dislike anything panko crusted). The steak frites was a huge portion and so delicious and bloody. For dessert we each ordered something different. I had the macaroon, my husband got the blueberry tart, my friend ordered the beignets and her husband ordered the sticky toffee pudding. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their desserts. Mine (the macaroons) came layered with two different kinds of mousses - dark chocolate and maybe caramel. It got a little too sweet towards the end, but it's dessert. Par for the course. The beignets came a huge pile of them with three sauces (one of them nutella!). I will definitely come back here again and I'd like to try breakfast here too. The food was great and the atmosphere near perfect (they need to ditch the TVs - they really don't belong there). Our next Yelp Eats meal at Digestif has a lot to measure up to now.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,8/6/2009,106,104,13,11,11>Okay Pro: the atmosphere on any spring sunday on the patio makes it worth five stars all by itself.Con: can't I get a well drink special on said sundays?Pro: half off all bottles of wine though!  even my favorite, sonoma cutrer.Con: the manager (who was named after a cooking spray, no more info than that for you) doesn't appreciate drunk stupidity.  I know this, because she doesn't appreciate me when I'm drunk and stupid--according to sources--and i am the very epitome of drunk stupidity.  Now, wouldn't you, if you were a bar manager, realize that the very life blood of your business is drunk ppl making bad decisions?  Come ON people?Sorry about the aside.  Pro: the quesadilla they have is goddamn good--it even has shrooms in it which I ordinarily avoid.  But solid food, drink, and atmosphere give this place 5 stars for me.  With a 1 star deduction:)
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,8/5/2009,447,457,15,17,19>I love the Wrigley Mansion! I was there a few years ago for a wine maker's dinner and it was beyond memorable: the food, the wine, the views.And, just last night about 12 of us gathered to celebrate a birthday. The staff were very accommodating and offered us the loft above Geordie's for a semiprivate feel. We didn't have any "minimums" or "room rentals." Our server did a great job and got quite the work out going up and down the stairs with our drinks and food! Happy hour runs until 7 and features $5 specialty martinis, which are full size and strength! There's even a tequilla-tini that tastes like a margarita and looks like a Mexican flag!The executive chef came up to welcome and thank our group, which was such a hospitable gesture! I told him how I enjoyed the truffle fries and the burger (see Andrew K's review - BTW, I'm the one who screwed it up by saying "not too much pink") and he explained how they pride themselves on knowing where all their food comes from. They even dry those apples themselves - in-house!It's true that the place was NOT crowded, which works for me because it means I don't have to fight with anyone for a seat to watch some of the country's best sunsets over a cocktail! I really need to come here more often! I will definitely be back!!
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,8/4/2009,239,156,11,17,13>Scramble has become a new favorite spot for breakfast... and clearly from the number of people that are packed in on any given visit, I am not alone. This is one of those places that I had to ignore my first impressions. My initial thought was 'oh dear, another trendy spot that never lives up to the hype". And with it's wall menu and counter ordering, it is a trendy. But there are several points that clearly raise the comfort level. Between the wall of windows and bright lighting there is an airy feel to the place. The drink bar in the center of the room is a five-star bonus IMO. Yes, I have been accused of being a control freak in the past (and they say it like it's a bad thing...) but I love being able to create the perfect cup of coffee, suited for my tastes and mine alone. The tables, while very close together are always serviced immediately to accommodate the constant inflow of patrons. And even though the place always seems to be brimming to the rim, I have never felt rushed through either my meal or my paper. I also love the various selections on the flat screens that encircle the room. There is literally something for everyone (and how many people can actually say that they shared their yogurt parfait with Ed Begley Jr. on GTV?!!). Now for the food. I've been enough times to have sampled quite a few offerings and have even begun to create a list of favorites. On the top of that favorite list is the Gringo-Cherrywood bacon, egg & cheddar cheese Breakfast Burrito. This thing is large enough for two, or a second meal and is literally stuffed full of the perfect balance of egg, meat, and cheese! Ask for extra salsa, because one cup is not nearly enough for this big boy!!! The Brizzas (breakfast pizzas) and French Toast (baguette slices dipped in vanilla custard) are also tops on my list. As far as sides go, the Scramble Hash Browns are a must have! They seem to take a little longer to make and are really more of a hash brown/bacon/cheese tart-lette which are browned to perfection. I have literally had to defend mine from incoming utensils and believe that a quick thrust of the fork to the back of the offenders hand is quite an effective technique... My only real criticism of the place is that if you have placed separate orders, your food may not be served at the same time. But this is so minor in comparison to the quality and the fact that clearly everything is made to order (not pre-done and waiting to be placed on a plate), that I can't really hold this against them. Then again, it may simply be that I have an addiction to those hash brown cakes! ; ) On-line ordering is coming to their website and that will add an additional level of love for this place. This is a welcome addition to the breakfast scene and if you are in need of some flavorful morning num-nums, Scramble on over!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,8/3/2009,357,399,17,25,25>OM Heavenly G!!!  Who knew fried chicken and waffles went so well together!!!  My daughter was in heaven!!  She loved her chicken and she doesn't eat much meat at all but the crispy fried chicken had her knawing on the bone.  I ate my entire plate and so did my daughter.  And she has been asking to go back ever since.  And the sweet tea....YUM!!  It was just right, not overly sweet.  I don't know that a place like this exists anywhere in the Northern CA/Bay Area but someone should open one!  For now this is one reason I'm glad I live in Phoenix.....I will be a frequent customer.  The inside feels like you walked into someone's house and I never would have known it was there since it's in a non descript part of town...kind of industrial.  We got there pretty early and by the time we left, the place was packed!  I have been craving this chicken since we went there...I know we will be back!!!  And often!
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2009,8/2/2009,174,98,12,13,17>Oh hell yes!Now this is what I'm talking about baby! Freshly prepared pastas, delicious inventive salads, and fancy pizza I actually like?? I must be dreaming as this simply cannot be Phoenix.In the business of full disclosure, I'm not a fan of fancy pizza. I prefer crispy, thin crust, NJ style pizza. For The Parlor however, I make an exception. The dough is just a touch fluffy but fantastic. Each pie is cooked to a perfect crisp in their wood burning oven. Their ingredients are top notch, many of which they actually grow themselves.I've been to The Parlor probably 4 or 5 times at this point, and I have yet to eat/drink anything that wasn't mouth-watering. Yes, the pizza and salads are great, but the pasta, holy crap THE PASTA!!! Being a young girl growing up in North Jersey, pasta (spaghetti bolognese in particular) has always been my comfort food. To the point that it's the only thing I ever bothered to learn how to cook, and I hate to cook.But after sub-par Italian restaurant after sub-par Italian restaurant in Phoenix, I found myself cooking far more than I like. I am thrilled to say that I am have to cook no more! Because The Parlor makes one hell of a delicious bowl of Pappardelle Bolognese. The pasta is the perfect texture, practically melts in your mouth. The bolognese sauce is thick and meaty as it should be. Literally, heaven.I always order the small size, for the reasonable price of $10, and have never once finished it. I feel like the large size may feed me for a week.Another great thing about The Parlor is their beer and wine list. Extensive and cheap!!! And by cheap I don't mean 2 buck chuck, but I mean they don't mark up their bottles nearly as much as many of the other local establishments that I frequent, and this recession-living girl appreciates that. Huge list of beers on tap, and they serve them in pitchers. Something about a nice restaurant willing to serve me my beer in a pitcher that warms my heart, can't explain it, it just does.I think it's fairly obvious that I am turning into a regular at The Parlor and am actually pleased about it, and if you're ever in the hood, you should be too.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,1/27/2009,448,260,25,13,19>I've only been living in the Phoenix area for 6+ months, and I'm already about as tired of conversations about whether a particular spot is too "Scottsdale" or not as I am about whether Starbucks sucks. I can see why people boycott Scottsdale (and Starbucks) entirely, but I'm still surprised when people go somewhere in Scottsdale and then complain that it's too "douchey" or has too much "hype." I mean, what do you expect in a hotel with red velvet ropes outside a bar and chairs so stylish you can't sit in them--a freakin' Cheers? Besides, the "douchiness" is sort of why you come to a place like Red Bar, right? In college, my friends and I used to love to go see badly-scripted and terribly-acted movies ("40 Days and 40 Nights" comes to mind), put some vodka in our cherry Icees, and laugh--of course, not because the movie was actually well-produced, but because the bad jokes were funny in that bad-joke kind of way. Red Bar was sort of like those bad movies we used to go see. Yes, there was silicone housed in Forever 21 tops. Yes, there were guys with their collars popped. Yes, there was ridiculous dancing on top of tufted ottomans in a rich shade of--you guessed it--red.  And, yes, the drinks were expensive. But with those expensive drinks in my system and an open mind, all the other things were funny. And enjoyable in their own Scottsdale-like way. Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to go drink a grande nonfat latte with sugar free Cinnamon Dolce syrup.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/26/2009,1114,557,16,25,22>Whoa, I am in heaven. A recent review for a place in Chandler made me NEED some Filipino food. Let me back track a few years. I worked with a guy who was in charge of hiring for a drug wholesaler, he liked helping friends and family. He was a Polish Filipino. Some of the family he hired were Filipino and would bring Pancit, Lumpia, adobo etc to the potluck type lunches we had. I would even go to family functions with them. I love Filipino food. There was a place near me that closed down and I was left with no where to go. I drove past CFB but at the time it was only a bakery...lame After seeing the review for the place in Chandler, I had to find a closer place. SO I YELPED... sure enough there it was CFB. It is only 6 miles from work...sweet. I roll in and expect to see a dive but instead see a very clean, and larger then expected dining room. Attached was a bakery full of delights. I ordered the Pancit with chicken and veggies. It was freaking good. No soy or spicy sauce ALL the normal flavors. I also asked if I could sample some of the Lumpia and it was perfect, fresh, hot, and awesome. I will be back for some Adobo and some pastry's. They have karaoke on Friday, and a live band on Saturday. So you are warned.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,1/25/2009,375,90,21,20,17>I had a wonderful experience here. I needed a new pair of running shoes badly. I am in the process of getting back into it after taking way too much time off...... (like 3 years)  I know, pathedic. Sometimes liquor and sluts take precedence; don't judge.Anyway, I decided to do this on my lunch break and I was out in about 45 minutes with the most comfortable running shoes I've ever owned. As stated in previous reviews, the staff is extremely friendly and they know their stuff. The structure of my feet were looked at as well as how I walk. I have never been fitted for running shoes before so it was kind of strange but I knew what to expect. I found out my calves are extremely tight and if I don't start streaching more/better, I'll end up with repetitive motion injuries.... good to know! I was presented with 3 different pairs of shoes to try out and in those found the perfect pair. I felt like an ass running around out front with the diferent shoes on in business attire but whatever... I found a great pair of runners so I'm happy. All in all it was an interesting experience. I will be back to pick up some more gear as soon as I feel truely committed again. Not once did I feel pressure to spend money or make a quick decision. As a matter of fact price was never even mentioned until I picked the shoes I wanted. Of course my feet have champagne taste so they chose the most expensive pair.Bastards
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,1/24/2009,736,547,13,18,14>I live in a development at the bottom of South Mountain and about twice a year the scorpions come off the mountain and in to my house to stay warm or cool. They have a mission to live in my home and sting/and or terrorize me and my dog.Scorpions are my least favorite of all the anthropods.. Picture a scary creature that glows under a blacklight, has eight legs, crab like pinchers and a stinging tail.. I can't stand them. I sprayed last May and that lasted until this month. Then I saw 4 in one week. The deal breaker was when the dog alerted me to one crawling on the bedroom wall. I gave up and started calling around.I called several companies (Orkin, Terminex, Rid ect) and found that they are all very expensive... they all wanted to lock me in to a one or two year contract and the cost was more than $400. My current economic situation being what it is, I only wanted a one time spray. It is much cheaper to have them come out when the scorpions show up, than to pay for year round treatment. And I have no other problems (knock on wood) no crickets, ants roaches, nothing.I had used Stanley before and still had their card so I gave them a ring. They came out the next day and sprayed my house down like it was on fire, I mean they drenched it. Standard service right? So why 5 stars? The guy that came out was AWESOME. Then I remembered why I liked him so much the first time. Not only did he spray my house, but he took me out back and walked me around to show me where I had a termite tunnel, then her showed me my breakers where the termite company certification was so I could call them and have them come out and treat my house (FOR FREE). He was informative and friendly and very affordable. I would recommend Stanley to anyone. I haven't seen one of those evil scorpions since.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,1/23/2009,197,182,16,16,16>ok..so i had a really good friend who took me here a few times...well not here..actually when it was on Indian School and 7th st. it looks so much more inviting now. i just need to bring myself to want to gorge nom nom nom on some fry bread. it's like a big pile of fried crack. you seriously get hooked on the decadent fried morsals. topped with hot and saveries these are just to kill for. maybe even worth dying for. a sweet one is excelent..nom nom nom. ok i think i need to end this post before i eat my keyboard.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/22/2009,7,6,6,8,9>Well, at  first I thought  this might be a BUST,  and had it not been for the lovely gentleman Danny and his guest Lindsay with whom we sat next to , it would have been. We entered the pizza place because all the raves we had been hearing about the pizza, to our diappointment we where greeted by the hostess, with " we are out of Pizza", how the heck do run out of pizza, this we said to one another. So we asked for a menu and sat down at the closest table to see what we might like to try, the stuff crab shrimp as an appetizer looked fantastic the couple next us had just received, so we decided to try it and a ceasar salad with grilled chicken.   Not but 5 min after we order the waitress comes back to say " we are out of stuffed shrimp too!", Holy cow what kind of joint are you running. This is where it gets good, Danny- the gentleman next to us , offers of the last shrimp from their order and says" don't worry we ordered THREE pizzas- we will share them with you, just order something else to try" with that we ordered a meatball sub.  Thanks to Danny we had the cheese pizza- AMAZING,the vegitarean- ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS, and the white pie-YUM YUM, as for the ceasar it was a 3 out of 5, the dressing needs some work but the grilled chicken was really great, and the meatball sub was just average.  We will definately go back , the pizzas' are FANTASTIC
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,1/21/2009,325,381,13,10,11>Fashion Square is quite the success story. I don't actually know the entire story, but I know it's a success. It has done an amazing job of growing up with the surrounding area - eating up nearby shopping plazas and parking lots and expanding into the Mall of America of the South West.It's really difficult to shit on this mall. It has everything a mall can offer and then some. There's not much to dislike. It manages to strike a balance between posh and down to earth that isn't terribly off-putting for the working class, but rest assured it's definitely heading towards being too high-end and exclusive. To top it off, this place isn't overrun by children. You know you're doing something right when you're a tourist destination. Considering the humble beginnings, this is quite an accomplishment. My personal favorite part about this mall is that it's close to me. I also like the layout - even though it's massive, it's easy to navigate. The parking is pretty accommodating considering how much it has grown over the years. I've only had trouble on Black Friday or special events. Speaking of which, even though this place is a shopper's paradise, I seldom find anything to buy when searching for gifts. Maybe I'm cheap.The restaurants here are great and even the inside food court has some choice spots. Much more interesting than the typical Taco Bell and McDonalds unhealthy choices offered at most malls. Nearby, the full restaurants offer great near-fine dining at mid-scale pricing. Z Tejas being a personal favorite (to the dismay of my waistline).This mall attracts a deep pocket high-society crowd as well as pretenders. Some might find it irritating while others may appreciate the people-watching factor. Fashion Square continues to expand and deliver one of the best shopping experiences available. Its ability to stay relevant and modern over the years should keep it around for another 50 years. At this rate, by 2020, all of downtown Scottsdale should be part of the mall. Another 10 years after that and my house will be a Hollister.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,1/20/2009,98,194,14,12,16>If Hello Kitty and her Sanrio gang were life-size, they would hang out here. They would all shout "KAWAII!!!" with their nubby appendages sporting peace signs as they filled the pastel colored dreamland of the JuJu Berri store front. The frozen yogurt, including toppings, is only 37 cents an ounce. They would grab either a green or pink JuJu Berri frozen yogurt tub and fill it with as many flavors that suited their fancy; piling on an assortment of fresh fruit, candy toppings like graham cracker, gummi bears and chocolate chips and garnishing with sprinkles and a sauce. Even Badtz-Maru's saucy and annoyed character would find joy in the bottom of a JuJu Berri tub.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,1/19/2009,400,606,5,5,7>So I'm new to the city and heard about this place on the radio.The 'chap told tales of cold brews and homemade English cuisine which sparked my curiosity and my thirst, so I headed on down the 51 for some suds and spuds.Amazing pub feel with authentic techniques made the overall experience rather impressive, even more impressive was the Shepherds Pie  with brown gravy, that made my mouth scream for seconds. It lost a star because of the somewhat questionable parking lot which made me feel kinda uncomfortable during the walk out, but perhaps maybe that's just my snot side speaking.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,1/18/2009,690,342,17,20,19>I'm writing an update because I came for Trivia Night last night and had a BLAST!!!!!!!!! Every seat in the house was full, but the service was on spot and the vibe was killer.. I also found that that they have quite a few flavored vodkas, including pomegranate, so I was excited to try something new.Again, the Mac and Cheese was SO good... I had two bowls. That's right, TWO bowls. What a pig. I think I will become a Tuesday night regular!
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,4/18/2011,1114,557,9,12,11>Sometimes I feel bad... That I hadn't tried a local place sooner. This bar and grill has been here for-ever! I tried the Ruben on sourdough and it was good. We also had the Philly and it was one of the best we have had. The service was just like an old friend and the patrons were all cool. I was impressed.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,4/17/2011,357,399,11,13,11>Local Business Alert!!  I love Udder Delights!!  The very first time we went they won me over.  The people were so helpful and friendly.  My daughter and I love the ice cream, made right there by the chef! We picked up some of their honey butter and their garlic butter.  My daughter wanted that honey butter on everything!  Almost every morning she would have a muffin or a piece of toast with honey butter. The garlic butter is her favorite on pasta.  It is all delicious!  It all comes from a local farm and local cows.  :)  The second time we went we were lucky enough to meet farmer Jason.  What a nice guy!!  We chatted for a bit and he told me a little about the farm.  A couple of months later we went back for more honey butter and got some cinnamon butter too!  YUM!!  Fresh brewed ice tea is great here too! They make lots of other things too like hummus, cheese, and you can get milk fresh from the farm!  This is one of my favorite places!!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2011,4/16/2011,744,637,8,17,14>After a day of shopping for fortune plants, I had a golden opportunity to take my lovely mom to Sabai. We were exhausted and we were famished, so I suggested to have lunch here since we were in the area. The restaurant itself is rather roomy and clean. Pink flowers adorn every table which I thought was special. Buddha sculptures and fortune plants are also on display. They were running a lunch special entree for $8  which includes a soup or salad.I ordered the veggie delight and a Thai lemonade and mom dearest got the Pad Thai and Thai tea. The service here was super quick and the dishes were delicious.The chef definitely made the dishes pretty and our waitress was super nice. The only thing that bothered me was the music. It was a tad loud and distracting, so it was hard to enjoy a good meal.That said, I'm giving them 4 stars.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,4/15/2011,42,97,11,16,12>If you don't love it, you don't get it.Make an evening of the Bianco's experience.  Here's how:When you arrive, walk inside and put your name on the wait list.  They will tell you an astonishing number like, "Your table will be ready in three hours."  Don't worry, waiting is just as fun as eating there.Proceed next door to the wine bar.  Order an appetizer and a bottle of wine.  Enjoy the company of your friends.  Slow yourself down, relaaaaax.Order another bottle of wine.  At some point midway through this bottle your table will be ready, if you do it right.  I have never waited the actual time quoted by the hostess (or it didn't seem like it because I was having fun).After a few glasses of wine, and the fun but hefty wait, your food will taste better than if you had gotten it instantly--  I promise.After getting your table, continue to relax and enjoy yourself.  You waited for this table, and it is yours.  I recommend that you order at least one more pizza than you think you want, because you will want it, if not right then, at least later.  Have another bottle of wine with your food.Here is what to order:MARGHERITA - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Basil ROSA - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios BIANCOVERDE - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula +++ ADD Crimini MushroomsAgain, if you try it, and you don't like it, that says more about you than the place.  It is okay though!  Bianco's is not for everyone.  Walmart is for everyone, and look what that place is like!  The difference is, this restaurant is NOTpretentious.  The owner cooks the pizza right in front of you, while watching Suns games with his cap on backwards.If you don't think you can handle the wait, I have a simple solution:  Go anywhere else.  Excercise your freedom of choice!
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,4/14/2011,480,556,6,13,11>I started my Saturday adventures early, as I knew I had a lot of ground to cover. On the agenda was my regular Saturday trip to the Phoenix Public Market, plus I knew I had to go BOTH the Indian Market at the Heard Museum AND the Melrose District/7th Ave Street Fair. Skipping my brunch meal at the PHX Market, I hoped to get something as I wandered the Indian Market. But oh my the lines were long. Tired and hungry I continued my journey via light rail and foot to 7th Ave and Indian School. After checking out the old cars a few shops and all the booths, I decided to do a sit down late lunch at Harley's. I had worked up quite the apatite. It was 3pm and I hadn't eaten all day. The bar was packed so I opted to be seated at a table near the entrance. My server was very kind and checked in on me frequently. Starting off with some sliced warm fresh bread and seasoned olive oil, I knew I was in for a treat. They were serving off of both the Lunch and Dinner menus. I couldn't decide, but I was given ample opportunity to and finally ordered the Fettuccine della Casa from the lunch menu. The dish also included the house garden salad. Now this took a while after ordering to show. Maybe it was because I was expecting the salad first followed by the pasta. But in this case they came out at the same time. The salad was nothin special but it was fresh and I was hungry. As I finished my salad it allowed my steamy pasta dish to cool to a civil temperature for consuming. This was a generous portion of sliced chicken breast in a tomato cream sauce with roasted red peppers and mushrooms served over fettuccine. After a generous sprinkling of crushed red pepper, it was much better than I expected. For a Lunch portion it was a generous serving. For $8 and change not including tip I had bread, salad and a wonderful pasta dish that I completely enjoyed. I will surely be back to enjoy soon.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,4/13/2011,311,459,7,27,11>This is NOT the buffet that used to occupy this building. This is a full-service restaurant, and although it also uses "South China" in its name, it is the antithesis of the 2-star buffet establishment that used to be here.After you are seated by the friendly hostess, you are given two menus. The shorter "American" menu lists dishes familiar to diners used to "Americanized Chinese" restaurants: beef and broccoli, lo mien, chow fun, and the like. The longer "Hong Kong Style" menu lists dishes characteristic of the more authentic Southeastern Chinese dining establishments.  For example, you'll find Hong Kong style roast pork and roast duck, veggies such as choy sum and sweet pea shoots, various kinds of seafood and tofu dishes, and even dishes that are daunting for the less adventurous American diner (example: fried intestines). My friend and fellow yelper John M. (lucky guy, he lives near this place) and I thoroughly enjoyed our orders here. The ingredients were really fresh, the shrimp and fish so succulent and tender, the sauces very flavorful without being overly seasoned, the deep-fried tofu still silky and tender within, the fried rice treated lightly so that it was not greasy. Great food at good prices - most of the entrees are in the $7.95 to $11.95 range.Glad to have this establishment here, especially since I'm in the Melrose District often.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,4/12/2011,708,1493,20,17,17>"So Jimmy, tell the class what you saw at Sweeties!""OK, well, I saw lots of candy. Old-timey candy and cool candy and neat candy. Lots of it. Real lots.""And I saw people walking around with baskets and talking about candy. And talking about candy when they were little.  And talking about what candy they should get for their kids.""Oh, and I saw Turkish Taffy, Maple Bun Bars, Fruit Stripe Gum, Moon Pies, Cherry Mash, Mary Janes, Valomilk Candy Bars,Sen Sen Packs, Goo Goo Clusters, Squirrel Nut Zippers, Flipstick Lipstick, Licorice Pipes, Zero Bars, Twin Bings, Look Bars, Abba-Zabba Bars and U-No Bars.  And that was only a little of it.  And lots of other stuff.""Teach?""Yes Jimmy?""The coolest teacher ever would take her class to Sweeties.""Would they?""Yes."
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,4/11/2011,892,390,7,12,10>Not sure why, but I feel a bit like I'm in a fairytale land when I walk into this place :) Surely the 7 dwarfs or the mad hatter are sipping tea in one of the many nooks & cozy corners!The loose leaf tea is great. Take a moment to open up the containers & take a nice big ol' whiff before you decide on 'the one'. The best one as of now in my opinion also doubles as aromatherapy, lol! It's black tea & coconut, yum!The food is all made from scratch & so far I know that the Bungalow Salad, Curry Chicken sandwich & the Enlightened One sandwich are all FANTASTIC :)Add to all of this that you are in a lovely historic home & that the owners & employees make you feel like you are a wanted & welcomed guest & it all adds up to a truly relaxing & delightful experience.P.S. they offer yoga if you want to work off your food OR make room for more ;)
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,4/10/2011,189,498,5,14,9>It's worth 4 stars for the bacon alone.  I had been meaning to stop by for some time and finally cleared all the meat out of my tiny freezer.  When I got there at 8 on Saturday with my cooler I was the only customer.  The butcher and assistant were very helpful and my bacon, chops, steak and roast were all cut to order.  I also got some hamburger.  Everything was sealed.  Even knowing grass fed beef cooks quicker I still over did my steak. :(Unless you have incredible self control this place is like Costco when it comes to impulse buying and $100 and more is spent before you know it.  Because they currently only get one steer a week many of the popular beef cuts have a waiting list.It was definitely worth the trip downtown and I will be back again.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,4/9/2011,285,121,7,9,8>The last time I was here I went with two female co-workers who were mildly obsessed with the idea of me dating our waiter. I'm no stranger to objectifying cute male wait staff (cough*Roka Akor*cough), but even I felt uncomfortable for him after he had to endure approximately 3 hours of merciless cougar flirting followed by loud encouragement for me to take a more active approach to my dating life by hitting on him. I felt like I was having dinner with my two pimps, but he was a total pro about it and it ended up being an incredible meal!I had been to Sens once before where I had the most amazing Pimm's Cup ever. I freaking love Pimm's Cups, and only a handful of places in Phoenix serve them, so when I get a good one, I remember it vividly (well, as vividly as i can remember things that occur on patios at 1:00 AM on a Saturday).  After going for dinner a few weeks ago, I had the same thing and it was just as good, even though I wasn't nearly as drunk as I was the first time. Since my BAC fluctuates like Kirstie Alley's waistline, that's about all the consistency I can ask for.We ordered a ton of food, which seems to mostly be served small-plate style with 4 or 5 servings per order. This is perfect for me, because I tend to get bored easily and after a few bites of the same thing, I'm ready for something else (this might explain why my co-workers feel the need to take control of my dating life).  Everything we ordered was fantastic! We started off with sizzling shrimp in a spicy red sauce. The shrimp was perfect and sauce was actually spicy. Nothing pisses me off more than when restaurants cater to the wimpy masses by having their "Spice-O-Meter" equivalent to that of a kindergartner with an ulcer. The soup gyoza, bacon wrapped dates, sugar cane pork, and bacon wrapped okra were all just as good.  For dessert we had bacon-wrapped lychees (bacon was clearly the theme of the evening) and it was pretty much the perfect conclusion to the fantastic meal.Even though I've only been to Sens twice, it's slowly creeping up my list of favorite restaurants in Phoenix and will probably only continue to climb as I visit more often. Maybe next time I won't bring my pimps (but no promises).
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,11/22/2014,86,213,5,5,7>We were looking for something to do on Mother's Day so we opted for a drive. Since I have been wanting to come out here for a while we headed that direction. We had a bit of a drive just to reach the Apache Trail but it wasn't too bad. The road once you past Goldfield becomes very curvy so plan on taking your time and just enjoy the ride. It seemed like around every turn was another "Wow look at that" view. We stopped a few times along the way to enjoy the scenery. When we reached our destination we enjoyed looking in the gift shop that had tons of cool stuff in it. I could have spent way more time, and money, in there than I did. The also have a little general store where you can buy drinks, trinkets and candy as well as ice cream. The ice cream seemed to be very popular. We decided to go ahead and have lunch in the saloon. The saloon was not too busy although they had a large stack of pagers so I imagine some days there will be a wait. The saloon itself is pretty unique and I thought the saddle bar stools were awesome. The good was reasonable priced and pretty good. I would definitely return again the next time we are out for a drive. It was fun playing tourist for the day
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,11/21/2014,331,202,7,10,11>Transcendent.  Sublime.  Exquisite.  Delightful.Not often enough in life do you get to use words like this simply to describe a meal.  Thank you Binkley's & Restaurant Week for allowing a simple dude like me to experience the beauty of this incredible establishment.I tried to think back to the number of times I had spent $40 on a bar tab or a sub-par meal + drinks in the last six months, and it was too many to count.  Here, for $40, I had one of the best five meals of my life.The website said four courses, but with all of the surprises and treats there were no less than fifteen different tastes.  It was a carnival - not just for the mouth either.  The attention to detail and presentation is second to none.  I am talking about a jaw dropping gastronomic experience.Twas my first time trying many of the items on the menu - but I shant go into many details because I would simply try anything prepared in that kitchen.  Every single bite had me closing my eyes and letting the food or drink take me on a tiny journey.Kevin Binkley - take a bow sir, you are a master of your craft and I am honored to have dined in your establishment.  I will spend a moment talking about the tea that was cooked in a vacuum over a bunson burner... the vessel on top had mint, Meyer lemon, hibiscus and a touch of sugar - once the water was boiling it was sucked up with the ingredients and then slowly dripped back into the tiny teapot.  I have never in my life said "wow" for tea - until last night. #scienceThe dessert was a white chocolate semifreddo (fancy ice cream) and came with a yellow curry oat streusel topped with caramel chocolate sauce........ how many times have you tasted curry and said, "man I wish someone would put that in a dessert!"... it was one of my favorite bites of the entire meal. So if you want to: ooh / ahh / drool / moan / gasp / sigh or if it is your last meal in Arizona, this is where you should go... simply as good as it gets.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,11/20/2014,652,108,10,18,17>I'm a weirdo that likes plain cupcakes. No frosting.I asked the girls at the front for my special cupcake and they seemed some what taken back. "I dont think anyone has every asked for that. Umm.. Yeah.. I think we can do that"But Hooray! They came through and it was a glorious day. Super moist and fluffy. Yum Yum Yum!
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,11/19/2014,185,219,16,21,12>A Tale of Two Tourists... (This story is based on real life events. The names of the individuals have been changed to protect the ignorant)Tourist 1: Wow, look at that mountain over there, it looks pretty cool!Tourist 2: I think I heard someone call it Camelback Mountain.Tourist 1: I wonder why they call it Camelback Mountain. Tourist 2: I think it's because it looks like a camel laying down. See? There's the head... the hump in the middle... and then the butt.Tourists 1: Huh... Huh Huh... You said butt.Tourist 2: ...... You're an idiot. C'mon let's go climb it! Tourist 1: It's kinda hot out though. Don't ya think? Tourist 2: Yeeeeeah but it's a dry heat. We'll be fine! Tourist 1: Okay, but we should grab some water and maybe change into cooler clothes.Tourist 2: Nah, our jeans are fine and we don't need any water. We'll be up and back in no time. That story may seem ridiculous but it's no joke. That happens. The temperatures in Phoenix have just recently begun hitting triple digits and sadly, 1 person has died and others have needed to be rescued. The heat in Phoenix is not to be trifled with this time of year. I'm no expert on the heat here. In fact, this will be my first full summer in Phoenix. So far, I think it's awful and supposedly it will get worse. I can tell you this... the next person who claims "It's okay, it's a dry heat" should get kicked right in the groinal area. Camelback is a great mountain to hike, but parking for either of the trailheads can be difficult and the mountain is popular so there can sometimes be a lot of people on the trails. From the summit you can see pretty much the entire valley. Great view. You can get there by going up one of two main trails:Echo Canyon Trail which I haven't hiked and Cholla Trail.Cholla: yelp.com/biz/cholla-trai…I don't care what anyone says... Camelback is not an easy hike. I consider myself moderately fit and I find Cholla challenging. I couldn't imagine trying to climb it in the blazing sun and heat higher than 90 degrees. The story above poked fun at tourists, but the truth is that even locals sometimes find themselves in trouble. For some reason, people underestimate this climb... maybe because it's so close to civilization that they have a false sense of security. I don't know.All I can say is, enjoy this awesome mountain, but be smart about it. Monitor the expected daily temperature, bring lots of water and appropriate clothing/shoes. Especially if you bring your dog or child... I don't even have time to get into that... So anyway... Happy Hiking and Be Safe out there!
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,11/18/2014,2083,305,31,36,35>When the king of pop decided against "Beautiful Young Thing" for his epic 1982 album, Thriller, that set the wheels in motion for what we know today as BYT.When this place is packed, and it gets packed, you'll be doing the moonwalk as patrons enter and exit by means of any open crevice between you and the other line-mongers.  Michael was so right... You Are Not Alone, but tough it out, because once you sink those bleached choppaz into your first bite, you'll Wanna Be Startin Somethin.I can personally vouch for the carne asada, chicked and birria tacos, with the later being my favorite.  My wife and I split a carne, cheese and bean burrito.  My only complaint was the fatty chunks, and the gristle.  I wont ding them too hard, as they were totally slammed.The biggest disappointment of the night came in a styrofoam cup.  The side of frijoles we ordered had to have been from a can... like a can of Rosarita.  I can see them needing a fallback with as  busy as they were, its possible they could have sold out of the good stuff.  I wont know for sure, until my return visit.  I use Elmer's Tacos or Rancho Market as my bean baseline, so be on your A game guys, because based on The Way You Make Me Feel will determine if I'm going to continue to Rock With You, or not... because I will Remember The Time.I also polished off an order of chips & salsa, a Mexican coke and a large horchata... so I left pre-diabetic and pretty stuffed... so much that I almost didn't recognize that Man In The Mirror.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,11/17/2014,443,251,14,20,18>Where do I start? Cocktails! This joint has an entire section of their menu for Moscow Mule variations. That's it. End of review.Nooo. I kid. But if you're a fan of Moscow mules take a Lyft here. Partnered with a drinking friend during Happy Hour we were able to sample four of the six available. All include ginger beer. $5 during HH!Yes, FIVE dollars.[Be still my heart.]Happy Hour is sweet. Mon-Sat 3 to 7pm. If you come on Sunday a bottle of wine and pizza (or prime rib) is only $20. Monday 1/2 priced wine. Tuesdays offer $4 craft beers. My partner in crime narrowed our eating options to street tacos ($3/piece) and a $7 pizza. (What can I say? I'm a cheap date.) The tacos we had were amazing. I'd eat those again in a heartbeat. The pizza of the day was delightful.This is a stunning restaurant. Outside seating for when the The Oven temperatures are not in effect. The bar has great seating. (You can comfortably enjoy a meal there.) Booths abound. Pink Pony has *tons* of baseball memorabilia. On the sidewalk is the original home base plate from the Scottsdale Stadium!Being greeted like family at the door by the owner set the mood. I *adored* my visit to Pink Pony.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,11/16/2014,161,232,6,7,5>Great music, awesome service, delicious brews and amazing food. What more can you ask for?  Well, I'll tell ya, it was the quesadilla that stole the show. They let my friend deconstruct and then reconstruct using pulled pork and it was, easily, the best quesadilla I've ever had. The server AND the bartender were top notch, and uber-hospitable considering they were poised to close down in 30 minutes. They didn't rush us AT ALL!While my hubby waxed poetic with the server about old school and underground rap, the bartender brought over THE TASTIEST beer I've ever draped my esophagus around. Remember these words friends...SONORAN WHITE CHOCOLATE ALE. Watch out Guinness...I may have found my new chocobrew fix.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,11/15/2014,70,413,8,13,9>It had been 18 months since I went here last and my friend wanted to go somewhere for lunch that was not the "same-old, same-old" burgers, subs, Asian, Italian, or deli stuff for lunch. "How about Cornish Pasties?" My friend was baffled. I explained that these are a turnover type pastry outside stuffed full of all kinds of savory meats, cheese, veggies, or dessert fillings and then crimped and baked. They are common in the UK. I also told her this would not be a quick service since they wait until you order your pasty to bake it (comes to the table fresh and piping hot).Parking is close to the door. The staff is awesome and was attentive the entire time we were there. There are booths, tables and chairs, indoor seating and outdoor seating. The interior has the look and feel of a British pub. The pasties are in the $8-9.50 range. My friend had the Pilgrim (Roasted turkey/chicken, sweet potatoes, grilled onions and stuffing. Served with red wine gravy and cranberry sauce) and a soda. I had the BG Tips British Tea and the Spicy Asiago Chicken pasty (Spicy chicken, roasted corn, black beans, asiago cheese, hatch chilies, and Mexican stewed tomatoes with a side of sour cream & salsa). Totally delicious!I really wanted to try the desserts, but the serving sizes are so large there was no way either of us could eat another bite. Someday I will have to stop by and have the BG Tips British tea and sample one of the desserts.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,11/14/2014,391,272,13,15,10>Came here with four friends, sat at the bar, and pigged out. We ordered deviled eggs, tacos, and mac & cheese. Quite possibly the best combo known to man. A food trifecta. The food was so delicious we couldn't stop talking about it. We were embarrassingly over excited about eating. My friend exclaimed that we sounded like a bunch of hillbillies who had never been to a restaurant before. It was just so good. The mac & cheese was the best thing I've ever put into my mouth. It was like one big food orgy. It wasn't pretty, but I wasn't on a date ... and if I were, well, I wouldn't change a thing. I would still be moaning with delight and shoving food in my mouth until it was time to go home. Oh, I'm sorry, were we supposed to have a conversation?
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/13/2014,173,19,11,16,15>BEST BURGER SPOT I'VE COME ACROSS!! I was out one night craving a burger and jumped on yelp and happened to be driving down roosevelt. This was the first place that came up. I drove down and stopped by. This place is really cool. I like the open setup outside. There's benches for you and your friends to chill on while u enjoy your meal.  There's a dinner car that seats about nine people that's cool to sit in. The service is GREAT!!! All the people there are super cool. A very friendly atmosphere that anyone can enjoy. When your foods ready they always check to make sure everything's right before giving it to you. Now.... The burgers and catfish sandwiches are AMAZING!!! I have had the welcome burger, the peanut butter burger and the Friday night catfish poor boy!!! All left smiles on my face wanting more. You have to try this place out!!! IT'S A DEFINITE MUST!!!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/30/2012,732,344,5,10,7>yummy! i had the yellow chicken curry lunch special, level 3 heat. not spicy at all so next time i'll try it at 4. it came with egg drop soup which was mediocre after adding soy sauce(so i guess it was only good after adding something to make it taste like something else therefore skip the soup), a salad, plus the entree and choice of rice. it was pretty inexpensive, like just under $9. good deal. it was tasty, fast, and clean. i'll be back!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,8/29/2012,556,127,3,16,12>UMMMMMMMM...can I just say that this place needs to get more action!  The pizzas here are FANTASTIC!!  I discovered this place because it opened above SACKS.  It is around the corner from my house and I am so thankful it is.  The whole restaurant is open...I wish it had a little more space, but that is ok.  First, the Tuscan Pie is to die for!!  It has prosciutto, Gorgonzola, apple, arugula, a fig marmalade and balsalmic vingerette reduction sauce drizzled on top...at least I think that is what it is...I need to check the menu...but anyways its FABULOUS!!!  I wish I could eat it everyday!  I tried their Moroccan Pizza before they took it off the menu and it was awesome too!  Every single salad is great and the wine and beer selection is great too!  The staff is so nice and friendly.  I get this to go all the time and bring it home...and I have shared this with my friends too.  I love good Italian pizza and its great!
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,8/28/2012,447,457,6,11,10>Worth the drive to Tempe! NOT fancy but totally comfortable thanks to the wonderful, gracious family owners/operators.Do NOT miss the dill mashed potatoes! Also, I LOVED the tomato sauce that came with the cabbage rolls. Was dipping everything I possibly could in it!! I ordered both of the beet options but, if forced to choose, liked the beet salad best... wound up "cleaning" the dish by wiping it down with the remaining pickled beets! I liked the cabbage rolls but I LOVED the hash one of my dining companions had ordered. This is likely what I will get on my next visit.The pierogi were boiled but didn't seem to spend any time in a frying pan. I love pierogi but I prefer them to have a little more of a crunch -- the firmness you get from a quick pan fry.It's a tiny, casual place. Order at the counter, they bring you your food and you pay at the counter when you're done.A BYO, if you also bring your own glasses they waive the corking fee!Seriously cannot wait to go back!! :9
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,8/27/2012,744,637,6,11,8>I'm a fan of this place. Fantastic lunch option if you're on a bit of a health kick, and one of the best value takeaways you're going to find.My friend Sage introduced me to this place a while ago, and I seriously need to return soon. The Wait staff were really on the ball, friendly and personable. We were never left waiting but at the same time no intrusion into conversation.Go and enjoy! :-)
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,8/26/2012,411,144,5,9,7>-Mega huge stuffed polar bear towards the back of the store.-Friendly staff.-Prices are meh, nothing that I couldn't live without for a great price.-Looks like the same stuff everytime I go here.-Tons of vintage dishware and other vintage collectibles.-Open on Sundays.-Convenient parking.-Decent restroom.-Overall, a good little antique mall to visit that hasn't been taken over with current boutique crap like other ones.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,8/25/2012,1078,310,7,13,8>Been wanting to come here since it was featured on Food Networks Diners, Drive-Ins& Dives. Guy Fieri knows good food so this was the first place I thought of when my parents wanted to grab breakfast in Phoenix. Luckily, on a Monday afternoon, we avoided the rush, and only waited 5 minutes! Score! Now on to the grub.A lot of the food here is locally grown, they use cage-free eggs, and they even make their own jam/preservatives. I loved everything we ordered. Pancakes were different- they are very sweet- no need for any syrup. The hash browns were very good, but very heavy- and a bit soggy (which I actually prefer). The toast is large, freshly baked, and served with real butter. (nothing beats real butter!) My pork chop was very tasty and seasoned just right. Also, our server was a sweetheart, very helpful and patient. Tip- try the homemade berry lemonade if availableTip- call ahead to find out about the wait- avoid the rush! Tip- as mentioned in almost all other reviews, this place is very tiny- not a good for large parties or the claustrophobic.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2012,8/24/2012,398,837,8,13,15>OMG THIS IS MY 500th REVIEW!  HOLY COW I CAN"T BELIEVE I MADE IT THIS FAR! Plus, it was my birthday on Tuesday the 12th, which makes it an even BETTER week!But, here's how our Friday afternoon happy celebration went:So a bunch of us girls decided to do happy hour after work today, and one of my coworkers suggested this place. I don't eat sushi often, and usually need help ordering since I have no clue what I'm doing!Upon entering, I really liked how the place was set up. Cute tables, with a great Asian flare.  Not flashy, but not understated either. My friends helped me order off the happy hour menu, and the food was delicious! I went with a deep fried california roll, along with another dish that I split with my friend. I can't remember the name of it, but I do know it had pink fish on top with white rice underneath.The service was a bit slow at first, but eventually got better as the night went on. We were getting antsy to order, and kept waiting, and waiting, and waiting some more. Eventually the service picked up, but it took a little bit. We had a big table and there were lots of mouths to feed, so it was evened out in the end.Overall, I was happy with eating here.  Plenty of food, great menu, and amazing happy hour prices.  Place was packed, so get there early so you can get a seat and get your grub on from 3-5.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,8/23/2012,463,250,13,20,14>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food10 *Drinks*10 Service10 Atmosphere6 ValueGive me some tots, mixed nuts, and a Floradora (or 3) and I'm a happy man.Downtown Phoenix's restaurant hotels all miss the mark, some more than others, until now.  Because Blue Hound compensates for all the rest of them.Don't come here looking for big portions or sloppy drinks.  Because you won't find either.  (Note that the lower 'value' score is mostly driven by the food prices, not the drink prices.)The food is great and should be savored.  I know that both "tater tots" and "mixed nuts" sound pretty basic, but just trust me and get them.  If you end up not liking them, then we're just not friends.  I also enjoyed the mac & cheese and the sopes.  The deviled eggs were also amazing, but 5 halves?  I know odd numbers are 'balanced' (or something, I'm not a design guy), but I'll take that 6th half at the expense of presentation, please.The tortilla ice cream actually tastes like... a tortilla.  I think I appreciated it for its novelty and the unique experience more than I actually liked it, but I'm glad I got it.  But the accompanying cheesecake is something I want to see back in front me.Heathen Child, Floradora, Golden Gate, You Call It: vodka, The Darkness, Absinthe Fizz, something else I can't remember the name of -- i love the drinks here.  And I also hear brunch might be coming soon....So save up a few bucks and make this place happen, because they just raised the bar in downtown.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,8/22/2012,311,459,5,14,10>Wow! My taste buds haven't been THIS excited in a long time! The food was truly amazing, the service so friendly, and the ambiance very casual and relaxed. Even as I type this, the flavors of the yassa chiken and the goat curry still linger strongly in my gustatory memory. My friend and fellow yelper John M. and I also had the pleasure of having the lovely Chef Esther Mbaikambey come over to chat with us. I know I will be coming back here very often, and I look forward to their all-you-can-eat Sunday (noon to 4 pm) where you can choose as many as you want (3 to start, order more if you've finished the 3) from pepper soup, eguisi soup, pof-pof, fish and couscous, yassa chicken, curry chicken, and jolof rice - all for $9.99 - soda included.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,8/21/2012,116,463,3,5,4>This casino brings a little bit of Vegas flare to the Phoenix area. Far different from other casinos in the valley, the Talking Stick is more hip, modern, and seems to cater to this type of crowd, but still pleases folks like my parents when they come to visit. We recently took advantage of a couple friends who stayed  for a few nights. Their room was minimal-chic with crisp linens, dark wood furniture, and a beautiful spa-like bathroom. You can't just wander around the rooms if you don't have a reason to be there. A desk clerk asks for your room number or the name of the party you're visiting. We took advantage of the pool party going on outside where the DJ provided the club music and staff were serving buckets of beers poolside. If you're not a guest at the resort I believe the pool party is regularly free for ladies and men pay a $10 cover. There is a gorgeous restaurant here called Orange Sky, as well as a wine bar up the elevators. There is a dress code so since we weren't dressed for it we hit up the casual restaurant for lunch. We don't gamble but the game floor was packed on this Sunday afternoon. They always seem to be hosting comedy shows and small concerts as well.  Great local resort for a Phoenix stay-cation!
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,3/21/2010,218,116,17,9,12>I have been to The Lodge on several occasions, but was reluctant to write a review before I had tried some sort of food item. Beer is pretty much the same everywhere. This was the chosen spot for the post-OYE hang out. Like Nikki F said, this is definitely a man's man bar. There are stuffed cadavers of all sorts of fured and feathered animalia. Obviously by the name they are trying to give you that ski lodge/cabin feel. They have accomplished just that. There were lumberjacks and snow bunnies everywhere you looked. Well, maybe not, but you could picture them. Dallas G and I each got the black bean burger and I'll be damned, it was tasty! Lettuce, tomato,and onion topped the patty. I will say it could use avocado or something, but still good. Tater tots accompanied the burger on the plate. Oh, how tater tots harken back to a simpler time when all you were worried about was whether or not the next GI Joe or Transformers cartoon would be on after school. I think Amber W had some sort of salad, but I wasn't really paying attention.Interesting side note. Two very attractive and scantily clad women were chatting up two Tony Soprano look alikes at the bar. Now, I am not judging these two women, *however*, they appeared to be "on the clock". These guys were not that charming and they certainly weren't that good looking. Brady K and Jared M both confirmed my suspicions.So check out The Lodge. You may just see a hooker.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,3/20/2010,239,156,9,17,14>La Condesa Gourmet Taco Shop After a long break from Yelp, I knew that eventually I would find myself in a situation where I could no longer hold my tongue, and my need to share would overpower my desire to remain silent. La Condesa GTS created just that situation. I entered this space wound tighter than a spring ready to pop. Surely there could be no way that it could meet the lofty expectations set forth by my fellow yelper's reviews. But there is something very pure about this place, and as I stepped through the over-sized wood door, I knew this southwest girl was home. The best way I can describe the atmosphere is Southwestern Minimalist. Monique H was dead on with her praises for the artwork - The Blue Demon (long live Alejandro Muñoz Moreno) proudly intermingles with Diego and Frida and the acid treated floors feel natural. I also liked that this is clearly a community effort, with the art work provided by two exceptional Mexican artists (Manuel Gilavalos y Garcia and Ricardo Ramirez) and the furniture/décor provided by Bellas Artes de Mexico. I love that there is already a partnership, holding this little gem up until it can take flight. The food is clean. The flavors crisp. The portions more than adequate, and the prices less than I would expect to pay for such quality. Most selections can come in the form of a taco, a quesadilla, or a burro, although there are one or two additional options under both the quesadilla and burro menus. Each flavor combination is clearly described and in a handful of situations, there are salsa suggestions outlined on the out of this world salsa bar. The best way I can describe this is to think of a wine pairing with a food that will make flavors pop... in other words, just try it because the sum of the parts is way better than the individual components! The Mayan Conchita Pibil and the Oaxacan Black Mole Chicken are two of the finest examples I've had of either. Both are mouth wateringly moist and fairly melt. I would suggest the Peanut or Mexican salsa as additional choices for the MCP for the spicy recommended habanera. The guacamole and cilantro salsas were both mild choices and if the mole were not already a mouthful of perfection, might be the additional layer of flavors that bring you to the tipping point. Personally, I found the pickled onions severed atop with some of the Jicama salsa, tossed in for a little crunch, just enough to make my eyes roll back in to my head. I mean seriously, if I could wiggle around naked in this stuff, it would be a really good night! The Aztec Tinga is deceptively simple. Your first bite may seem relatively ordinary, but then start the countdown. Within a few seconds, the flavors hit you like a wall of emotion. Your lips and tongue begin to tingle with the heat of the perfectly balanced peppers. My BIL has tried the Sonoran Carne Asada and was unusually quiet as he made his way through his plate, so I have to assume that was good as well. Finish things up with those out of the world beans, or some of the grilled Mexican Calabacitas and a meal just can't get much better. So much has already been said about the iconic salsa bar, there really isn't much I can add, except to say, try them all! You will find two or three that send you to your happy place. The staff was super friendly and more than ready to answer questions or make suggestions. It's an order at the counter and take-a-number kind of place, but you can generally expect several service passes through the dining room. My only cautions / suggestions would be to grab a takeout menu so you don't have to stand and look at the wall menu with your mouth gaping like a cod fish and be prepared to park along Palm if the street inset parking area is full. This is my new love. I will definitely be adding this in to the regular rotation. At a dinner plate with drink running you between 8 and 9 dollars (with enough food to make two decent sized meals) this is one indulgence I can fit in to my life with little or no rationalizing. Please take the time to check this place out and support yet another wonderful family owned business. Look around when you come in, because I may be joining Joel L on one of his weekly visits. : )
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,3/19/2010,185,167,12,19,17>The problem I have had over the years with doctors is they change on me. I always seem to pick the ones who are just about to retire or move (be it dentist, Gyno or family doctor). Since 2005 I've had a different Gyno every year and in the same time I have had 4 different dentists but I just realized (after my appointment today) that I have been going to the same family doctor for over 3 years and I love it! I've almost developed an anxiety over calling my doctor because I don't want to jinx the relationship. But so far so good!Dr. Khouri (pronounced: Cory) knows his stuff! First off, I like the waiting room because it's roomy so I can sit in a corner by myself without feeling like I'm going to get infected by the other patients (because who knows what they're in here for, sick-o's!!!). :) and I never have to wait long to go back for my visit - which, when they call my name I gracefully stand and walk to the door all the while I'm thinking (get me outta here! I think that lady was coughing at me, purposefully trying to get me sick!) Any ways, it doesn't take long to see Dr. Khouri, and the appointments don't go on forever either. I go in, tell him what's up, he does this thing and I'm outta there in no time. When I require specialists he has a plethora of referrals I can go to. I am really glad he's my doctor and I've had him for as long as I have. If you are looking for a family doctor I would recommend giving Dr. Khouri a call!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,3/18/2010,369,46,8,16,15>This is some goooood pizza.... and the customer service is just as good :) i got there early waiting for my friend... so i sat down and right away the little blonde girl came over from behind the counter and asked me if i wanted anything ... (water with lemon lol) from what i saw you order from the counter.. pay.. sit down and they then bring you your food... i thought it to be a nice gesture :) especially since she didn't have to :) my friend finally showed up... it was grub time !! i had the Hawaiian and pepperoni and a side salad with ranch... first off the salad was amazing! red onions chopped up in it and carrots and other stuff too not like a normal side salad with iceberg lettuce and some croutons.... i was happy :) the pizza slices were huge.. and they were generous with the toppings :) the pineapples tasted awesome and my favorite part of the pizza was the crust.. :) (and that goes for any pizza.. i love bread! Italian for sure ) and their menu is huge... lots of choices and i like that... especially since i change my mind alot lol they had a bunch of flat screen TVs on the walls... with different channels on each one... i like that... who wants to watch the same game on every TV you see..!! i really liked the food and the atmosphere and especially the employees... they were friendly, helpful and very prompt with out food :) i will be back for lunch again in the future :)
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2009,3/17/2010,732,344,10,16,13>I wanted to update my review on their pint ice cream. since it's not like the Rep is super close to me I now have to get pints, ok i dont HAVE to but, ya I kinda do.so, usually after you freeze ice cream for awhile or its been in the freezer a long time it gets pretty gross. ice crystally and maybe a little ooey sticky around the edges. ya know what im talkin about? the Reps ice cream stays amazing. im not lying. it stays amazing. buy pints. they will sell ya a pint of whatever you want if they have it so fill up!! i spent $30 (i know yikes!) on pints not too long ago but I haven't had to go back  in a long time bc their pints don't go bad like grocery ice cream. so i get to enjoy the Rep at home!
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2009,3/16/2010,390,126,6,7,7>As confused as the seating is in this place, the decor, ambiance and product are spot on. Cozy furniture when you get a spot. Extremely delicious bar food. Choice selection of beers and wines. The Roosevelt is a charming place. Spending a hour here can renew your faith in Phx.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,3/15/2010,128,30,20,19,17>Note to self: Do NOT go mountain biking without a spare inner tube ... or at least a tire patch kit that actually works.Too bad I didn't get my own memo until I was X miles along Desert Classic Trail at South Mountain Park this past weekend. In fact, nobody in my party was equipped with a spare. And much to my surprise, none of the other hikers/bikers whose paths we crossed along the way were giving away inner tubes. So walk with my bike, I did. After short-cutting through a wash, we ended up pseudo-trespassing through an affluent gated community and emerging deep in the 'Tuk along Ray Road. (And let it be known to all the rich folks who were mean-muggin' us through the ginormous windows of their gihugeous custom homes as we strolled the streets of their enclave trying to find our way out ... we didn't want to be in there any more than you wanted us in there, so relax. Oh ... and thanks for your offers of help. NOT. Besides, I don't think my bike would fit in the back of your Bentley had your conscience got the better of you anyway.)After finding our way back to the real world, I used the handy dandy Yelp app on my phone to find that we were only about a mile away from a bike shop ... South Mountain Cycles. Sweetness! I can buy a new tube, maybe grab some lunch nearby, and then ride home along the arterials, getting there just in time to shower and then head to Brad E's Parka Pool Party in CenPho. Right on!And then I get to SMC only to realize that I am sans wallet. That's right. No cash, no debit cards, no wampum for which to trade for the giant rubber donut I need in order to salvage my Saturday. But the awesome gal who greeted me said not to worry. She empathized with my sorry plight and offered to, on behalf of all of the fine folks at South Mountain Cycles, "lend" me a tube so I could get home. I love this place! I took the opportunity to look around, as this was my first visit, and quickly discovered that this was a serious bike shop. The place was immaculately clean, the other reps I overheard helping customers were very friendly and seemed quite knowledgeable, and the place was jammed with a robust inventory of road bikes, mountain bikes, gear and accessories. It's a great shop; it really is.Back to Lindsey (I believe that was her name), my savior. She said that they were open until 6pm, and that if I couldn't get back that day to settle my debt, to try to make it in the next day by 3pm, as they were closing early in observance of the Super Bowl. My kind of place. All she asked was that I write down my name and number on a Post-it, so she had some recourse if I flaked out.It may not seem like much, but it was a tremendous gesture of customer service; the kind that will make me return to SMC when, in the not-too-distant future, I'm in the market for my next bike.I made it back before closing that day to clear my tab. I also purchased a few additional spares and had another look around the shop. Yep. It's solid. Well worth the trek to Ahwatukee if you're a true enthusiast.And truth be told, I actually wrote down Brad E's name and contact info on that Post-it note. Not so I could stick him with my $10 inner tube bill, rather, I was hoping that my incredible wit and charm would render it impossible for Lindsey not to pick up the phone and call. (I'm just looking out for a brother).But since Lindsey was conspicuously absent from Brad's pool party that night, and since I've yet to hear that Brad has received a mysterious call from a bike shop hottie, I am left to assume that my game is not what I thought it was. Brad, I am sorry. Just know that I had good intentions and that there are people out there who care, buddy.And there is a killer bike shop in the 'Tuk that must be checked out if you're in the market.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,3/14/2010,278,165,13,16,14>Green is A-OK with THIS meat-a-tarian.First, let me tell you I'm not a vegetarian. I like bacon way too much and I have a hard time even liking vegetables. I went today for a going away lunch with a co-worker and so surprised at just how good Green was!  I admit, I was totally trash talking the mock-chicken before I had it. It just sounded weird. Pssshaw...."mock" chicken. I'm just super excited about the fact that most of the bowls are gluten free except the Thai peanut. I got the coconut curry "chicken" and boy, was it tasty! They make it with tamari sauce instead of soy sauce, hence the gluten free-ness of the dish.If I wasn't so full from the artichoke dip I would have devoured a soynami (vegan blizzard). They don't have any gluten ingredients in them either, except for whatever toppings you might toss in. It's pretty rare that I can go to a restaurant and eat 80% of the menu. What a treat!
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,3/13/2010,708,1493,32,29,25>Dearest FnB,I realize we have just met and I am putting a lot of weight on our first evening together...but I love you.  I have been infatuated before and I know this is so much more than that.Last night, even as I sat staring into your local produce, the sweetness of your grilled butternut squash still upon my lips, this poem was forming in my mind.  I know it is not original but a take off from the great Elizabeth Barrett Browning of the Romantic Movement.  To me it feels right and fitting that a great sonnet taken from among the best the world has to offer is an appropriate way to enumerate your intoxicating virtues:FnB, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and breadth and height of your menuMy palate can reach, when tasting out of sightFor the local produce being prepared in grace.I love thee to the level of every day's mealOk, that's enough romance.  When can I get with you again, FnB?  I must have you from the top of your delicate appetizers all the way through to your sweet and tender desserts.  You plied me with your cranberry infused vodka and zest of lemon, your spiced roasted nuts bursting with flavor again and again.Your crispy rock shrimp, flash-fried to tender perfection in their light and revealing cornmeal covering are etched upon my mind.  And the jalapeno tartar...you can be a spicy vixen indeed!  Your lovely salad of apple, celery root, walnuts and blue cheese was sublime in it's awakening flavors brought on by the simple vinegary coating, awakening in me the abiding desire to plough through your menu and consume you to your core.Yes, from there it rolled inexorably on to grilled butternut squash with pear and bacon, each bright flavor building on the next.  The fried green tomatoes were a revelation to us both (yes you had us both, you saucy wench) with their tart and delicate interiors exploding through the complimenting dressing and feta cheese with which you plied them.Oh yes!  And your flatiron steak...I don't often play with the red meat team but your presentation, your flavor...purple and cheddar cauliflower, caper and golden raisin salsa verde...enough I say, you overwhelm me with your generosity, you just give and give until...And your desserts!  I tremble at the thought of your chocolate bread pudding, macerated cherries all over with nary a care of what others may think!  Outstanding!As if all of this were not enough your service throughout the meal was warm and comforting.  To a member, I felt your staff was there to please me and me alone.But, Fnb, as in all healthy relationships, open and honest communication is tantamount to a wonderful and enduring relationship.  With that understanding I have the following constructive criticism.  I had to look deep within to find even the hint of a fault...your fried green tomatoes.  When my mother used to make them they were sliced more thinly and fried in a skillet...this made them delightfully crunchy on the outside.Oh my God, have I compared you to my mother?!  Freud be damned! Just forget that, and forgive me FnB.  I'll be back soon.In heartfelt adoration,Jim W
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,3/12/2010,174,98,15,16,13>Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a lucky few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.Everything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so ridiculous good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!Since it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly better than the last. It was the perfect bite over and over and over again. The ham had a nice little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.My brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.I ordered a White Peach Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was spectacular with actual peach puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.I feel a bit like the blase housewife who just cheated on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm sorry Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out!
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2007,1/27/2008,1,4,3,4,6>Moving here from a major city certainly scared me. Upon first inspection this town is just a sprawl of strip malls. Very uninspiring. But over the years I have, like everyone else, uncovered little gems. From Stinkweeds to Coup de Tartes, from Chez Nous (when ARE they re-opening?) to Matt's Big Breakfast, I have been pleasantly surprised. The Phoenix Art Museum is no different. Totally impressed with the architecture and the quality of the exhibitions. The Curves of Steel show was truly different and the current Graffiti show had a very cool opening night with great talks from the original artists, breakdancing, music ....you get the idea. I've just read that Richard Avedon (famous photographer who shot people like Marilyn Monroe and John Lennon) is coming. Sweet.Oh, and yes, the layout needs some help.....but maybe that's part of the fun of it? Certainly makes a pleasant change to the damned mall or the movies.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2007,1/26/2008,15,15,3,5,5>There was a time in Scottsdale when its citizens roamed free, able to go out without being hunted by cougars, or come face to face with D-bags and 30K Millionaires. It was a peaceful place, where the majority of people engaged in simple crafts like weaving cotton and forging horseshoes. And it was into this community that the prescient Corrall family came, making there way north from the Mexican state of Sonora in 1919. They built an adobe structure on the outskirts of town under olive trees which was used for many purposes. Obviously aware that Scottsdale would burgeon into a world-class resort town, the family decided to open a restaurant to serve traditional Mexican cuisine and capitalize on the growing popularity of things like Cheech Marin and ponchos.Today, however, someone walking into the "Patio" will likely say to himself or herself: "This is probably going to be like eating at Acapulco". And unfortunately nothing could be farther from the truth. Los Olivos is described as an "institution" but you'd never guess by that reputation how low the ceilings are. As the Corralls expanded the property so too did it enhance the labyrinthine characteristic of the restaurant. Yet this growth is positive: I've never had to wait for a table. While I've been seated in various rooms, there isn't one that I like best. Despite reminding me a little of the Mos Eisely Cantina, it manages to stay cool and dim during the summer giving it a special allure when I first ate there. The service is probably the most unusual you will find in Scottsdale. You will find no pushiness here, you will also find lots of bilingual servers who can handle your order in both Spanish and English. And yes, because it's been around forever some of the servers have been too. They may seem a little distant, but it's only because this is one of those places in the 'dale that caters to the whole city and as such has a very diverse clientele.Undoubtedly you'll notice that like Acapulco, Los Olivos loves to promote its fajitas and margaritas. But the fact is, they do an excellent job of offering a wide variety of dishes such that you can eat here often and not have to order the same thing. Moreover they are fairly consistent in keeping the menu Sonoran in focus. This will sound pedestrian, until you realize that Mexican cuisine suffers the same image problem that Chinese does. Namely when only certain areas of the country could immigrate, they had a disproportionate impact on how the cuisine was represented in the U.S. And so the Patio sticks mainly to beef and some chicken with only a few plates using seafood. This is also one of the places biggest complaints: that this authentic Sonoran food is as bland as a telenovela adapted for American TV. But this is actually why you know you it's not Margarita Monday: US chains are known to add such high level of sugar to recipes as to make dishes artificially sweet. The food here is not sweet at all, and hence good news for your pre-diabetes, but bad news for your craven palette. (European tourists take note, disregard these comments.)Yet I found myself going to Los Olivos in the first place because of the price. Yes, this is an affordable restaurant. Some entrees are less than $10 and give one an economical choice amidst the orgy of maxed out credit cards in Old Town. Parking is also free and convenient because it is adjacent to a large, city-owned structure for the Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art.Perhaps the greatest irony with is that the once trendsetting Corrals are portrayed today as conservative with their restaurant's image. But no matter, as Scottsdale treasures its history as much as being hip. So Los Olivos remains a good bet if you're looking for something staid. And if you are not, there's always Cowboy Ciao.
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2008,1/25/2008,4473,1489,5,36,17>If you're looking for hair removal, this is the place to go... I was referred to Jill by some friends of mine and I cannot thank them enough!  I used to have to shave my legs EVERY DAY.  It was embarrassing... I had to take a sharp razor to my legs every single day and even then i was lucky to have smooth, clean shaven legs for a few hours... (I know, this is kind of sensitive information to be sharing, but I want to share because of my positive experience with Jill.)  When I tell you that I don't have to shave my legs or underarms anymore, I am not lying!  Sure, it took 8 or 10 visits all 6 weeks apart, and the visits are not the most fun experience you'll ever have, but the results are worth it!Jill sees both men and women for hair removal.  She is professional, affordable (compared to other places I've seen), and puts you at ease the second you walk in... Jill says her website will be coming soon, but I wanted to post this review asap in case any of you are looking to start the process right away - it is worth it!  For smooth skin, no worries of prickly hair growth, and a pleasant experience along the way, I highly recommend giving Jill a call!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/13/2007,1/24/2008,332,486,3,4,7>Retailopolis - that's an urban slang word I coined when I moved to Phoenix nearly two years ago. You see, no such thing exists where I'm from. Sure, you'll find your traditional mall and the occasional plaza in Oklahoma City, but nothing like a Tempe Marketplace that is a mini-world of consumerism. But, out of all the outrageous retail developments I've seen, this is my favorite of its kind. (I can't, for some reason, stand Desert Ridge or Mesa Riverview.) Perhaps it's the design or even the landscaping, but I admit I am drawn here. Not because I have to go to every single store (I don't even know all of what's here), but because out of all the the places to shop, this one stresses me out the least. It's true!I guess I should admit the fact that I don't really like shopping. And I hate malls. So, yes, this is a pretty big deal: 3 stars from me for a Retailopolis. In any case, here's a couple reasons I'd go here:*Barnes & Noble - Every big development needs a huge book store. Sure, it's not your mom and pop's establishment, but it's books, music, magazines, maps and everything else you want to distract yourself with, including coffee and amazing deserts (a few from Cheesecake Factory). Try the PB Cookie, though. It's my fave.*World Market - Ah, the wine you'll find here! Prices are reasonable and the selection is great. Organized by country, you'll be able to, in the matter of minutes, explore the world of wine. They sell some of my faves here, including Acacia, Row Eleven, Sexto. Plus, you'll be able to explore other brands that offer new alternatives, including Mark West. If wine's not your thing, check out the beer selection. While limited, it may surprise you with some of what they offer. As for everything else, I could take it or leave it. After all, if I wanted candles or dinner sets, I'd shop elsewhere. *Target - Sure as hell beats Wal-Mart, which I haven't stepped foot in for over 4 years. C'mon, it's the "upscale discounter." Need I say more?There are so many other stores here, too, including Old Navy, Ross and JC Penny. Not to mention they've built restaurants around the area for hungry shoppers. Only, instead of seeing a hoard of mediocre pubs, I'm excited to see there's a place that offers sushi and one that offers tea. (Kabuki and Tea Infusion, respectively.)Of course, maybe I spoke too soon. For if you visit the Web site, you'll see the plans for development, which includes more places to dine and several more stores, including Wet Seal, Hot Topic, Buckle, Levi's and Sam's Club. (Ugh. I hate anything Sam Walton....)Yes, there is a Dave & Buster's here, if that's your thing. It's an okay time. Just don't expect to stumble into anything you wouldn't find at Desert Ridge. What else? Oh yes, the music. When you get out of your car, you instantly hear music playing throughout the parking lot. It varies, from Matchbox 20 to tunes you'd hear at a lounge. Even better, every Third Thursday of the month, they offer free live music. (This was also the place for the SoCo Music Experience, which was free admission with great acts like Clap Your Hands Say Yeah and Cold War Kids). I admit it, I do like this place. My only beef would be 1. Traffic and 2. Parking.  It seems they could have done a better job of engineering the traffic flow and organizing the parking lots to reduce the amount of confused stops and cross-traffic turns as possible. But, hey, that's just me thinking down the road - when people begin to swarm this place and neglect to turn their attention on their driving, instead of the racks and aisles of clothes and goodies awaiting them.For me, that's the biggest turn-off. You see, this place offers SO much, it's going to be a mad house, no matter what day or time you go. I've gone in the middle of the afternoon and was shocked to see the parking lot packed with vehicles. So, while I may want to go here, I probably won't. I just can't deal with swarms of shoppers. That's the entire reason I avoid malls and do most of my shopping online. Blasted! But sometimes it's fun to go wander around stores and stumble into a new shirt of pair of pants you can't live without... Come to think of it, why can't people leave a good thing alone? Must there be a Restaurant Row with 10 different places to grab a bite? Must there be stores stacked upon stores stacked upon stores? I mean, it's such a turn-off to know that you're going to have to deal with a ridiculous amount of people on any given day... and that you can't enjoy just walking around the area, exploring boutiques and shops you've never seen. You're always going to be dodging "crazy shopping people" and "big lady purses." Ugh. Just thinking about that makes me want to hide.When in doubt, arm yourself with a map before you venture here.tempemarketplace.com/mar…Don't forget your compass!
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,1/23/2008,17,4,1,4,6>friday night is the night to visit glam. Those faux show boy's really know how to throw a party. If you didnt like Glam you either were'nt there on a friday, you left too early on a friday night, or maybe you caught them on a bad night(it happens to any dj), OR, you are part of the "general market" and should stay in Scottsdale. faux show brings it. they play music there that I NEVER hear played in any of the other so-called"hipster" or "electro/rock" dance party nights. They catch on to that stuff way before the other guy's in town...and when we are lucky, they even bring the acts themselves to phoenix....guarantee'd if these guy's are bringing somebody to town, it is worth the time to check it out...even if you think its not the kind of music you are into. I have heard them play some f^ck*d up shit on friday nights...styles of music i have'nt even heard before. The other hipster nights of the week, , even the above mentioned "french kiss", pale in comparison to the element of class, style and taste that these guy's bring to the party. An above reviewer mentioned their rival night "french kiss" as having thinned out fauxShow's friday night crowd and I can tell you first hand that that simply isn't true. I bounce back and forth from both nights frequently,  and aside from "french kiss's" opening night people have consistently rocked the fauxShow party on a weekly basis. I dont know very many people who dont consider friday nights at glam the better deal. french kiss @homme is a mediocre facsimile of  fauxShow's friday night....I hear those fk dj's play a lot of the same music fs was playing months before and have since retired. I even remember  the guest dj's(the misshapes) at french kiss ditching the night to come pley at faux show instead. Sure its a small place and there are not many places to sit...this just means that you are forced to be a part of the action....and there isnt a patio but I have seen some crazy stuff go on in front of that place. Hot girls all over the place too...unless its an off night....and the hot girls that you actually want to talk to too, not just some bag of air with a nice rack; and if your a dude into dudes or a chick into chicks, its not a bad place to be either. Drinks are cheap all night long and they dont shut down until everyone on the dance floor cant take it anymore.  this sort of thing isnt for everyone...but if there is any cultured, underground, "cool" ,"it" or "hip"  thing in Phoenix to do, this is it.  This is one of those things that people will wish that had been a part of from the beginning...like wishing you had made better friends with those Jimmy Eat World brats you went to school with or something.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2007,1/22/2008,24,48,4,3,4>This is my favorite bar, hands down. I generally will go there more for the house/tech music scene upstairs because, well, I am more into that. Either way down or up its a great place all around and the drinks are always perfect and the people are always nice. I very rarely have to wait long for a drink and there is a lot of room for seating, lounging, dancing or standing. Be careful on those stairs though... I have learned the hard way. haha
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2008,1/21/2008,6,16,1,3,3>I am a big fan of Robert McGrath, who purchased Pischke's and made it "Pischke's Blue Ribbon Cafe." As far as I am concerned anything he touches turns to gold. Had a great brunch there recently with three other people. All four of us totally enjoyed our meal and the service from their very professionally-trained staff. Several staff members came by -- including Chef/Owner Robert McGrath himself -- to check on us and make sure our every need was being met. The food, presentation, service was quality through and through. I will DEFINITELY be back. For those of you who do not know, Robert McGrath used to be the chef at WIndows on the Green at The Phoenician, started Roaring Fork and I am sure has many other notable accomplishments.Pischke's Blue Ribbon Cafe will continue to be a great success! Treat yourself to a great dining experience! (And no, I do not work there!)
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2007,1/19/2008,112,94,3,4,4>"Ice Tango, how can I help you?""Yes, good morning. Is this is a Pinkberry knockoff?""Well, our products do have some similar-""Great. What time are you open until tonight?"Well, this some time LA transplant says "hoo f*#&ing ray"!I hauled my tuchus all the way from Chandler to FLW and the 101 for some "twangy tart" yogurt and a gander at what I thought would be Phoenix's version of this Los Angeles staple.For those of you who are not enlightened (in regards to tart yogurt), I'll tell you this. Pre- powder recipe scandal at Pinkberry, this yogurt closet on Santa Monica Blvd in West Hollywood had to install Disneyland like metal bars to control the 11pm yogurt fiending crowd. As if the hired bouncers were not enough. This was for two flavors of frozen yogurt.The plain yogurt, which was my reason for being in NoSco, did have a similar taste, but sans the subtle but unquestionably present bitter aftertaste of the Pinkberry brand, which I now attribute to that crap powder they were using at P-berry. Ice Tango is all around Ice- Tasty. They also have multiple other flavors including mango (the flavor of the day today) and blueberry, which tickled my taste buds.Besides the yogurt I ordered, I tasted their vanilla frozen custard. Yum. The Russian Hubster (husband/ gangster) convinced the owner to make us a crepe. Delicious- and this coming from a former creperista myself. It was the perfect consistency. Moist on the inside with the a hint of crisp toward the outside. Our heavenly confection was filled with Nutella, nuts, banana slices, and nougat. Upon tasting it, my big and burly cousin actually giggled. There was no other way to describe it, anyhow. Just picture a muscular New Yorker, still sporting the shades, giggling. With chocolate syrup gleaming on his lower lip.Delicious.Apparently they have a couple of locations opening around spring- one in SoSco and one in Paradise Valley.Rob is still giggling.To see a pic of the frozen yogurt:artwanted.com/imageview.…
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,1/18/2008,454,555,4,12,10>With the addition of Over Easy last week, 40th Street in Arcadia is becoming more and more of a hip restaurant row. Retro chairs [see photo] and space-age stools dot the interior of the cozy joint owned by Sol y Sombra chef Aaron May.The place, which is next door to The Vig, recalls a Matt's Big Breakfast feel (and was so alluded in Java magazine) for this side of town and manages to do so in an old 1970s mission style Taco Bell. I wouldn't have been able to tell if I didn't know. Regardless, the food here is delicious and compared to other places I did not feel like I ingested a tub of butter. I ordered the hearty Wolf Pack with a pancake on the side and I was in heaven. Two (count them, TWO!)  layers of hash browns [see photo] with two scrambled eggs, cheddar cheese and strips of bacon in the middle. The eggs were just the right consistency and hash browns were browned just right and tasted terrific with garlic salt and pepper. A fluffy griddled pancake with syrup on the side, fresh squeezed orange juice and a complimentary New York Times at the counter also greeted my morning grumpiness and I was quickly satiated.  Altogether the meal came out to $12 + tax.  A bit pricey, but worth it knowing you get what you pay for.I briefly talked with the chef's managing partner who went into detail about the tater tots with tomato jam (that I missed on the menu) and the bacon reduction sauce that comes with the brioche.My only complaints would be minor.Small quarters: With about half of the seats outside on the patio, it's probably a few seats more than MBB.  There was brisk business yesterday on a weekday morning, but on the weekend I can see how the crowds would grow.A la carte-like menu: This is a trend I'm not particularly fond of, especially for breakfast. Several of the entrees don't come with either eggs or potatoes. The Loretta breakfast sandwich are examples of entrees that don't come with eggs. The Over Easy brioche and omelettes don't come with potatoes. The wait staff just shrugged it off as, "Oh you can just order [blank] on the side."  I disagree, especially when you're paying nearly $10 for an entre or omelette.Semi-scattered staff:  Everyone was friendly and engaged in small talk with people at the counter.  But after asking twice for my check, I figured it was a small blip in the overall experience.Delicious breakfast food with a cool hip feel? This neighborhood will be all over it.  I'm looking forward to the next visit.EDIT: 1/19/08 -- OK, I'm upping this to 4.5 stars.  Service was excellent today.  And the country fries (and tater tots with tomato jam)  were outstanding.  They were deep fried with seasoned salt, parsley...yum!
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,1/17/2008,0,13,,6,4>Probably the best Thai restaurant in the valley save for Malees on Main, which is double the price. I have been to Thailand many times, and Thai Lahna represents true, authentic Thai cuisine like what you would find on the streets of Bangkok. Clean flavors, good preparation, friendly staff. This family run restaurant is a pleasant change from the chain eateries so common in Phoenix. They have beer and wine
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,12/12/2007,2178,528,28,22,25>Hot. Cheesey. Fresh. No, I'm not talking about the guests at the opening gala to Phoenix fashion week. We're talking 'bout the cheesesteaks and chicken cheesesteaks we chowed down on after the event. I got  so hungry looking at those skinny models all night. I was this close to nibbling on one's boney thigh. The only thing better than eating these scrumptuous works of art, was having them delivered to the terrace at Hotel Indigo. Yes people. Delivered. Right to our drunken butts. On the terrace. At Hotel Indigo. And how fantastic it is that you choose Cheese Whiz, American or Provelone.? I'm all about the Whiz! How cool and funny and useful is that?
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,12/11/2007,28,207,1,4,5>I seriously felt like I was in a movie when we had a leisurely Sunday lunch here. Even though the drive was a haul for us from North Scottsdale, it was worth every mile and cent of gas. The parking is ample and convenient, and the atmosphere is just amazing. Who doesn't love eating at picnic tables under pecan trees on a gorgeous fall day?I found all of the pansies and other flowers so charming. The bathrooms were adorable - almost shabby chic and cottage rustic. It is so authentic it almost looks like a movie set. I ordered the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce on whole grain bread....mmmmmm. The turkey was like Thanksgiving turkey, not the nasty, slimy deli stuff. The bread was toasted and flavorful, and the cranberry sauce was plump and fresh. I also had the homemade vegetable soup with melted cheese on top. Wow. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his Greek wrap as well.I just loved watching the families eat on blankets while kids chased soccer balls and the family dog. It was like a little fairyland that reminds you what is good in life. It is such a simple place but the aura is amazingly alive and intense.I can hardly wait to return sans the in laws. That will be much more romantic!
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2007,12/10/2007,367,544,2,8,8>I enjoyed Caffe Boa.  Really, I did.  I just think it has an identity crisis going on.  Is this Mill or is this Scottsdale?  Why does an Italian restaurant only have one pinot grigio and why is it from Argentina?  Who living next to ASU, other than professors, can pay $100 per person for a special dinner event? (And even if you could, why here?) What's with the hipster bartenders in the Italian wine bar?All that being said the food was delicious and the atmosphere was great.  We went for happy hour before heading off to a friend's party and followed Erica's advice.  Sit at the bar, get there by 4:30.  Done and done.  (Btw, their happy hour now runs from 4-7)  The tap beers are $2 (and we're talking Guinness, Harp, Stella...), and half off apps (except for the cheese plate) and glasses of wine under $10 ( of course the one wine I wanted was $10.25.  Grrrr.)  The bartenders are really serious about making good drinks, I started with a watermelon martini and watched the bartender muddle the watermelon.  It was fantastic.  They had a ton of fresh fruit to muddle with behind the bar.  The only part of the night I didn't enjoy drink-wise was when one of the bartenders poured me half of a glass of champagne.  Also on Erica's recommendation we ordered the shrimp and the antipasto, both were fantastic.  But I couldn't believe there was literally only two slices of each meat, cheese, and veggie, it definitely would not have been worth it for full price.  But the olives, prosciutto and salami were all great.  My husband is not usually a prosciutto fan (whereas I could eat a pound of it in 10 minutes if you let me) but he liked theirs because it was well cured and sliced thick.  After our 2 apps, 2 glasses of wine, 3 martinis, 2 black and tans, and a glass of champagne we were ready to head out.  What was the charge for this feast? $46.  Yes, indeed, I will definitely be at this happy hour again.  Or on a Sunday when pitchers of sangria are half off - only $15 instead of $30.Update:I have come to the conclusion that Caffe Boa has the best happy hour ever.  It is a grad student's dream come true.  Amazing drink and app specials in place where your feet don't stick to the floor?  Yes please.  All of my visits here have ended with me laughing at the final bill.  4 glasses of cava for $14?   I do not think I would ever come here outside of happy hour though.  None of the appetizers are large enough to warrant their full price and that doesn't bode well for the entrees.Oh and I'm happy to report that they now have a pinot grigio from Italy.  Its quite good. :)
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2007,12/9/2007,164,361,1,2,3>Coco's is a great little diner/cafe/restaurant around to corner from Grams place and I will tell you, I was definitely the youngest gal in the join, staff not included.The food is okay, they let me order off the seniors menu, since they didn't have what I wanted on the regular menu.. reasonably priced and seemed to please the grandparents...They ware amongst their group... As Shannon stated, this place is definitely catering to the "older" crowd..Enjoy, have some pie and spend time with your grams...
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,12/8/2007,945,253,2,4,7>I've never been to an Irish Pub but landed here with a business associate who is a local and happens to be Irish!  We were here for an early dinner on a weeknight and the place was welcoming.  There were a lot of folks coming and going; decor was homey and full of knick knacks.Josephine was our hostess and took our orders.  We had the Giants Causeway Meatloaf and the Mac's Grilled Dublin Irish Cheddar & Tomato sandwich.  The meatloaf was paired with colcannon style mashed potatoes, which by itself is heaven on earth and real comfort food!  The meatloaf was made with ground beef, corned beef, Irish seasonings and paired with steamed veggies.  The "grilled cheese" sandwich was ordered by my business associate who claimed it as a favorite sandwich order with Guinness.The menu is extensive including salads, sandwiches, appetizers.  Of course, there is corned beef and cabbage (a real fave of mine, which I've made at home) plus the award winning Harp battered fish and chips.  The next time I'm in Phoenix, I'm coming back to the pub!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,12/7/2007,28,93,5,4,4>YC's is pretty fantastic.  You go in, pay $8 or so, and you get approximately one metric assload of food (note: metric assloads are larger than American assloads).  However, a lot of this really depends on your skill in packing as much food as possible into a fairly reasonable-sized bowl.  If you're like me and enjoy few things as much as having the blood of cute animals dripping down your chin, you should probably pack the bowl to the top (yes, I'm serious) with meat.  Don't forget to grab a few sheets of parchment paper so you can crush everything down and maximize the amount of food you get in your bowl.  Anyway, your veggies, noodles, and whatever else you want can be piled on top of the bowl o' meat.  If you do this right, your leaning tower of delicious should be roughly 3 times or so the height of the bowl.  Next time I'm at YC's I'll have to take a picture so this can be better illustrated.  Oh, and don't forget the sauces - they really make or break the meal.  If you're unsure on what kind of sauce to get, there are chalkboards all over with recipes, or the friendly YC's staff will help you figure out what you might like.  I'd *highly* recommend if you follow a sauce recipe to make double because you're going to need a lot of sauce if you filled your bowl up like I told you to.YC's is probably the best bang for your buck lunch or dinner you can get in Tempe.  Chances are good you'll end up with enough leftovers for at least another meal or two.  Just don't forget, doggie bags are 50 cents a piece, so bring some quarters or singles.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,12/5/2007,310,228,5,18,15>It's one of those necessities in life that you just can't avoid. Perhaps you're one of the lucky ones that hasn't had to see death firsthand or deal with the proceedings of a funeral. Unfortunately, this was the second funeral I've had to organize in less than 2 years. First my stepfather and my mother this month. It's sad but a part of life and you need skilled and caring people to take care of real world issues during your loss.Sean Thompson and his loyal employees are simply wonderful people. They have managed to put together a warm and welcoming place for people who have the misfortune of having to arrange a funeral for a loved one. There is a meeting room where Sean can explain your various burial options and handle most of the paperwork that is associated with this sort of thing. He is so helpful and does most of the work for you at a time when nothing else seems to matter, especially paperwork. He has a natural warmth and comforting way about him and is a natural for this line of work. There is also a chapel where a minister or spiritual leader of your choice can perform a service that best suites you. It is well-equipped with whatever you need for comfort.It's one of those businesses you only hope to avoid but it's good to know who the "good guys" are if you're in need. I cannot say enough kind words about these people, they are simply wonderful.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,12/4/2007,25,470,6,7,8>When I first walked into the room, I was taken by surprise at the bathtub in the middle of the room with mood lighting all setup. It was seriously pimp. It was setup in a great location so that you could watch tv while soaking away in the tub. The room itself was spacious and was quite elegant, without being over the top as to make you feel uncomfortable.Wandering the rest of the grounds, their fitness room has a decent variety of free weights, though I didn't care for a lot of their weight machines. The leg press was a bit wonky to use and, if you tend to press a lot, then you probably wont be able to fully utilize it as there isn't enough space on the bar for to load it up.Otherwise, I anticipate staying here several more times as my travels take me to the Scottsdale area.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,12/3/2007,8,8,2,4,3>FEZ is one of a few of the latest hot spots in the downtown Phoenix area.  Great music and a great feel.  Brought to you by the same owner's as the old Ibiza in Scottsdale, Ticoz and the latest, Switch. Owner/Chef Tom Jetland seems to have a knack for changing it up a bit with each new restaurant he creates.  They all are totally different, yet seem to be very successful.  The menu is a bit different, yet everything is very delicious.  Our large group all really enjoyed everything about it...except the service was a bit slow.  The atmosphere is really a lot of fun, bringing out the free spirit in all around us.  One note?  BEWARE of the Hummus!  I have ALWAYS been one to shout, "Yummus for Hummus!!", and I would run around with a poster board stating, "Vote for the Hummus"... BUT... A) be sure that every single one of your party eats it because it is the most garlicky garlicked up hummus I have ever had and B) be sure your plans are to go home afterwards or you will clear a bar or club where ever you go... although it is to DIE for!!
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2007,12/2/2007,40,72,5,2,5>Even though I spent most of my formative years in the south, I have never in my life had fried chicken and waffles in one sitting.I have been missing out!The chicken was so good, I wanted more despite being totally full. The waffles were buttery, sweet, and yummy. Oh! And the macaroni cheese... *gasp* The sweet tea is VERY sweet. My friend was in the know, however, because he ordered half-regular and half-sweet which STILL tasted way too sweet for me.The saltiness of the fried chicken mixed with the sweetness of the waffles is an unholy and remarkable combination.Make sure you get there early because the line is long. However, the service is very good (even if she did serve me last because I was wearing a Steeler's jersey the day they played the Cardinals. It's why  I was in Phoenix). I could happily commit suicide by coronary here.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2010,3/7/2011,123,110,8,15,11>Not sure how to follow Julie P.'s epic review, but I thought I'd show some support.La Condesa is a fantastic addition to Central Phoenix. Casual, nice people, amazing food.Like other reviewers, I'm partial to the Oaxaca black mole chicken and the cochinita pibil. Everything is delicious in any delivery system -- taco, burro, or (gooey and vaguely depraved) quesa.The salsa bar really gets me, though. Experiencing it is to suffer total cognitive arrest and disorganization; it's like love at first sight or stumbling upon a work of great art. Peanut, cilantro, de arbol... bring a sharpie so you can mark the little plastic cups and remember your favorites.Bonus points: The server remembered that I'd asked for strawberry salsa (they were out) on my last visit eight days prior, and offered a totally above-and-beyond apology. Must be something in the mole that sharpens the memory. Great place -- a gem.
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,3/6/2011,117,116,6,11,6>This is a must see, must do restaurant in Old Town Scottsdale.  If there was one restaurant I'd recommend in the entire Phoenix metro for a great meal/experience this would be at the top of the list.  Cafe Monarch is great and sure has found a niche that it thrives well in.  Very out of the ordinary with the owner holding the duties of chef/hostess/busser/and server, but he sure does it well.Having a very limited menu posted near the front door proudly tells what the chef wants to serve his patrons for that day. There's only two to three items listed with little description.  I was a little confused myself as I like to understand and take control of things, but I soon realized this was something to let the creator(the chef) to have his way with.  His creations come with enormous skill glorifying fresh ingredients into a dish that can appeal to anyone's palette.  I've enjoyed salads with salmon and chicken the times I have visited, but who knows what will be on the menu on my next visit.  Whatever it is, I will must certainly try it!Two final matters, bring cash as the owner doesn't like give up the 3-5% the credit card companies like to charge for convenience of the American consumer.  Lastly, you will have to wait until September to enjoy this place as it is closed for the summer.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,3/5/2011,136,190,7,9,10>I have been wanting to try Noca for quite a while now, so when they had a Groupon a few weeks ago I bought one & decided this would be our Valentine's day date destination. I made reservations for Saturday the 12th at 8:30pm. We were about 15 minuets late, but the hostess was very gracious & seated us immediately. We were sat at a high top table with a chair on 1 side & a booth on the other. There wasn't much going on with the design of the restaurant, but I did like the mirrors across from us & the lighting fixtures. I also liked the faucets in the bathrooms. For starters we ordered the mussels, our server said it was more of a one person dish so we each got our own. They were delicious & he was right, we both finished ours. I ordered the nocarita to sip on & my husband surprisingly opted for a sprite. My cocktail was strong but tasty. Our 1st Amuse Bouche of the night, a bite of what tasted like cucumbers & radish. It was light & refreshing. The server who brought it out did describe it, but it was so loud in there we honestly didn't hear him. Our 2nd was a cute lil teacup of parsnip soup. It was creamy & smooth, I loved it! My hubby wouldn't even try it though, so I gladly had both of ours. I almost forgot to mention the bread & olive oil that came before our app, very basic but very good.About an hour had passed from when we had received our app. I didn't notice the length of time, but my husband made a comment to me about how long we'd been waiting for our entrees. A few minutes later our server came up to us apologizing for the wait. He informed us that dinner was on the house tonight & gave us back our Groupon to use another time. I told him I could see that they were very busy & they didn't have to comp our dinner for us, but he insisted. He then brought out a fresh crab cake of sorts with strawberries & a cilantro drizzle, to nibble on while we waited for our entrees. About 15 minutes later our entrees arrived. My hubby ordered the prime hangar steak & I ordered the striped bass. Both were superb but I think I had the winner. We were already pretty full from all the previously mentioned food we ate, so we took a majority of our entrees to go. I was going to skip dessert since I was already stuffed & I knew we'd be getting some cotton candy, but our server convinced me & I got the doughnuts to go. They were pretty good & I loved the dipping sauces. The cotton candy was a blue-raspberry flavor & my husband loved it, such a fun, sweet end to our meal. Oh & they also handed out tiny shortbread cookies, which were buttery & slightly crunchy, yum! If our meal hadn't been taken care of, the total would have been about $111. Service throughout our meal was outstanding, I don't think our water glasses were ever less than half full. We left our server a tip that was probably more than most would have left, but he was great & it wasn't his fault our meal tickets were misplaced. I can't wait to return with my Groupon for another amazing meal, well done Noca!
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,3/3/2011,200,261,4,8,5>Lemon zest?  On a pizza?  Yeah, I wasn't sure if I was going to like it.  I decided to put my faith in LGO to create a wonderful pizza experience.  And that they did!  My final verdict; the Avocado Pizza is heavenly!  The creamy avocado, sweet tomatoes, summery basil, bright lemon zest, and add in the salty prosciutto and you have yourself a pretty tasty pizza.  The best part is that you don't see that kind of pizza on the menu everywhere you go. The even better part is the sourdough crust!!  So delicious!  All of their pizza creations sound amazing.  I can't wait to try them all!  A few more tries and I easily see a fifth star in their future.It did take us a few minutes to figure out the lunch flow of the place.  - Order your food on the grocery side, - find your own table on the pizzeria side, - wait for your sandwich on the grocery side,- listen for your pizza on the pizzeria side,- ask for more ice at the coffee stand,- fill your ice tea at the table at the doorway between the two- go back to the grocery side to pick your dessert from the case (trust me, you do not want to skip this step!)In addition to the wonderful pizza and the lunch with great friends, LGO also provided a bright spot in my day by putting one of my favorite (hard-to-find) red wines right by the cashier for $10 less than I usually get it at AJ's.  Score!!
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,3/2/2011,206,377,15,16,16>A nice diversion! A tad difficult to find amidst all the little businesses back behind Fry's, but well worth it.The shop is quite cozy, shall we say... only 4 or 5 indoor tables and we took the last one. It has a nice atmosphere though and the people working there are friendly. Some Vermont subculture was imported for your viewing pleasure.Sandwiches=good! I got the Long Trail and the combination of flavors was just perfect. There are a lot of ingredients on that thing, which makes for a tricky balancing act (flavor-wise, and holding the sandwich-wise) but they nail it quite well. I'm always leery of pickles overpowering the whole sandwich but they are really just complementary to the house-roasted beef and other stuff.The only "area of opportunity" I see is that they could really improve things a notch by using fresh bakery type bread. When I asked how big the sandwiches are, the guy held up a bag of commercial bread that you'd find in the grocery store aisle--seems a little odd considering their emphasis on fresh ingredients. If you don't want to bake your own bread, maybe strike a deal with a local bakery?Overall very tasty, fresh, and won't break the bank. Will return to explore other options.P.S. Vermont guys: For Pete's sake, grab the nearest English major and have them go through your web site. :P
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,3/1/2011,171,163,10,13,12>Oh Chompie's... one of my favorite Tempe finds! Chompie's is home to my favorite soup! Chicken Matzoball Soup! Delicious and onxious with awesome flavors. I have had a great time sittig outside yapping with my sister about who knows what while munching on the biggest pastrami and saurkraut sandwich EVER! This thing was HUGE! I was scared, I was elated, I was determined. I went again for dinner and had my same matzoball soup but this time I had the Chicken Schnitzel. Warm. crunchy and full of flavor I was elated. The sides were eh, I make better carrots and the potatos were okay but the gravy had an odd flavor I wasn't too fond of. I have YET to try a dessert, but someday I am going to damnit!! Oh and the pickles are yummy! :D Jussayin' The service leave MUCH to be desired for. We had to ask for everything about twice and the staff likes to play handsie in a closed section behind frosted glass. I had craptastic service both times I went. But I still hope ya'll give chomp down on some Chompie's and fall in love with it like I did!!
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,2/28/2011,67,93,2,8,4>"Rum makes a fine hot drink, a fine cold drink, and is not so bad from the neck of a bottle." So wrote Fortune Magazine in 1933, and it's nice to see we are starting to rediscover this spirit (after the demise of the Tiki scene). In fact, if you really want to motivate yourself to get out to Rum Bar, read "And A Bottle of Rum: A History of the New World in Ten Cocktails" by Wayne Curtis. I highly doubt you will make it through more than 2 chapters before you show up at Rum Bar wanting to try this fantastic spirit. Rum Bar is ideal for your venture into rum because soon they will have 108 rums to offer, ranging in price from $8 to over $120 a glass (with most between $8-15). On top of that, Rum Bar is offering unique and classic rum cocktails (which are going for $6 now, before going up to $8 plus per). We tried a handful of cocktails and each was well-made, even though the bar is still perfecting its recipes. The Estate Mai Tai is very good, and in no way hides the alcohol with overly sweet mixers like some Mai Tais...I consider that a good thing, some may not. The Dark and Stormy, properly made with Goslings, is good, but I think it could use some lime. The Mojito Vanilla is refreshing, without being overly sweet or filled with too much fake flavor. Another nice feature is that Rum Bar offers rum flights, a great way to try a range of rums. The food is right from the pass through to Breadfruit, so you can have some decent Jamaican food with your Rum. The service was very attentive, although a little to "salesy" for me, but then again, they are new and are trying to get their concept out to new customers. The space is small, cozy, and has just the right level of lighting for a drink of rum with your friends, pirates, your sugar supplier, or your copy of And A Bottle of Rum.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,2/27/2011,244,207,7,9,9>Who would have thought that such a hole-in-the-wall spot in a semi-suspect location would have such great food?  Luckily, my fellow yelpers pointed me in the right direction, since I never would have stumbled upon this gem on my own.Since I was dining with a group, I was able to sample a wide variety of items, and my stomach was so happy for the variety.  The many appetizers I tried were delicious.  I particularly enjoyed the papaya salad, Thai toast, and fried tofu bites.  For dinner, we had the veggie curry and pineapple fried rice.  Both were delicious, well-seasoned, and made perfect leftovers the next day.Despite the drive, this has moved into the top spot on my Thai take-out list.  Be sure to be patient if you come with a large group - there is only one server and one cook.  However, if you don't mind a leisurely pace (and perhaps refilling your own water), the food will make you smile!
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,2/26/2011,369,124,11,12,14>Love me some SideBar! Reminds me of Seattle, in a good way. I celebrated my 30th Birthday here in February. (Yes, I said 30. Here's where you send me a compliment stating I don't look a day over 25.) The drinks are damn tasty at SideBar. My fave is the CenPhoPolitan..or something very close to that. A little pricey, but not every place can serve $2 Coors Lights. Actually, they only serve Bud Light...sorry to my friend Roberta. Great music, vibe, urban space that I dig. My only gripe is that they don't serve any real food. They don't have a permit to serve hot food, so pita chips and prepackaged hummus is the extent of the menu. Oh well, come after dinner and prepare to get Sideways at SideBar!
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2010,2/25/2011,278,165,8,13,11>My eyebrows definitely needed some love...I've ignored them so long that they're starting to resemble 2 fat caterpillars and I'll soon risk a uni-brow if something isn't done stat. Did you say FREE waxing? I'm a sucker for free stuff. The center is very sterile - not only in a clean and sanitary way, but also void of any personality. It's a chain though and they're trying to go for the 'European' vibe so I'll let them off the hook. The gal who did my wax was really nice, wore surgeons gloves, and carefully applied this purple gooey wax to my face, waited for it to dry, then pulled it off. It hurt a lot less than regular wax, and the fact that it was purple made it just seem cooler all around. I walked out 15 minutes later with clean brows and an appointment for my next wax. Definitely a good find.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,7/12/2011,744,637,11,18,11>I do not normally like to eat in buffets because I do not like to overeat, but my mom wanted to try this place.They just opened, so we decided to try this place for lunch.I thought it was decent, and some of the dishes were actually pretty tasty.I noticed the majority of buffet eaters were gravitating towards the fried and hot food stations. They had a variety of items such as baked salmon, fried shrimp, crab casserole, fried chicken, baked mussels, pork humba and more. My brother liked them, and he said they were remarkably flavorful.I went to the fruit and salad station and tried the sushi bar which had a wide selection.I love the fact that they have edename and kim chee on their appetizer buffet. Good stuff!They also have a stir fry station where food is made to order. You put all your vegetable ingredients, and sauces on a plate, and they will make a stir fry dish for you.The dessert cakes also look appetizing, but I skipped them and tried the ice cream instead.They have various flavors, and you can even put toppings on them.I tried the peppermint ice cream which was quite refreshing.The place was also very clean, and they also offer senior discounts.To sum up my review, I give them 4 stars for having a large selection and great service. Lots of choices both for vegetarians and meat eaters.I think they will do well. They picked an excellent location with ample parking and great buffet price too.For $7.50 plus tip, there's no room for grumbling.
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2011,7/10/2011,327,204,7,15,12>Eden's Grill is, without question, home to some delicious, homemade Middle Eastern food. Not since going to the houses of friends of my father many years ago have I tasted food like this. I should clarify...There are great Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix, but a lot of the places have food that tastes like restaurant/deli food. This is not bad at all...restaurant food can be very delicious. But, then there are places that serve food the way "Mom" makes it. It's that special little bit of love that I'm talking about. In the case of Eden's Grill, "Mom" IS making the food. Well, not my mom, but the mom of the great waitress that served my table today (So sorry I didn't catch her name.). For our lunch, Bobby T and I went for a side of hummus and baba, a gyro plate and a beef kebab sultani plate. The hummus and baba were solid, loaded with garlic and topped generously with olive oil. The gyro plate was also solid, the meat wasn't too dry and the veggies were definitely fresh. Above the previous two menu items stood the beef kebab sultani. Each bite had the two of us smiling because it was so good. The kebab meat had flavor infused into the core of each piece...never did I chew a bite and not get the flavor of the marinade. It was awesome. We also got to taste some of their hot dolma. I have only been served hot dolma at three restaurants, and each time they have been great; definitely worth trying if you're a dolma fan.There is one last thing that we tried that everyone needs to come to Eden's Grill for though, and that is the rice - basmati w/ golden raisins and chopped almonds. The rice especially tasted like it was made with love and not just by a chef. I still crave it as I write this (good thing there was plenty left over). I'm excited about this "new" find for me, and I think other Yelpers should be as well.
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,7/9/2011,331,207,6,10,9>It was a perfect day to sit outside in the patio enjoying the Bacon & BBQ sauce cupcake from the Food Network "Cupcake War" Challenge.  The thought of BBQ sauce on a cupcake doesn't sound very appealing, but surprisingly it wasn't too bad.  Joe's BBQ sauces are good by itself.  The cupcake was moist and with some unique flavors.  I just couldn't resist not trying it.   The view of the farm was gorgeous too.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2011,7/8/2011,218,488,6,8,9>Well where do I start.....I didn't know what to really expect when I came to this establishment....but it compared very favorable to the world famous Roscoe's Chicken & Waffles in Los Angeles. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated because this locale is always crowded and there is always a wait. When we got seated we were immediately approached by a server to take our drink orders. I had the homemade lemonade which they call "Dranks" at this location....LOL....I loved that. The jars are huge that the drinks come in and while the refills are free....I didn't even need one.I ordered a dish called the "Betty Boop" which is a juicy all white meat chicken breast....and perhaps the BEST WAFFLE I HAVE EVER HAD. Now there are a lot of great "Soul Food" items on the menu but the Fried Chicken and Waffles you must try without question. If it is not the BEST WAFFLE you have EVER put in your mouth please write me and let me know because I guarantee you will LOVE the waffles. The service was second to none....I mean every few minutes someone was checking on us....it was like having a maid....butler....and housekeeper while you just sat back and enjoyed your meal and the experience. One of the nice ladies there even lowered the blinds for us sitting in booths with our backs to the sunlight so we could cool off.....I mean wow....that was so nice of her. Now I don't about the location in Phoenix....but this one in Scottsdale is fantastic. The parking is a bear because it is located in a strip mall.....but all-in-all it is not to terrible. Like I said I am always skeptical about "Southern Food" that is not served in the south per say....but again this is MUST DO chicken....WAFFLES....and soul food dining at it's best. So if your ever near Old Town Scottsdale.....take a short drive over to N Scottsdale Rd and Thomas and pay a visit to LO-LO's. Remember while your there to Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,7/7/2011,367,306,13,17,13>This place is THE place to go for fresh meats in the East Valley. (the Pork Shop is good too, but a bit far away). The brats and sausages are made in house and they have a huge variety of flavors. I really enjoyed the Chicken, Bacon and Swiss. Besides fresh meats they carry dog treats, alcohol, cheese curds, and many other staples needed for a delicious meal. They guys behind the counter are so friendly and very helpful. Check it out! I'll be back very soon!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,7/6/2011,690,342,14,16,11>A few weeks ago, I probably would have hooked Scramble up with a 5-star update, but they did something to piss me off and the service has been a bit sour lately.I really love and appreciate how accommodating for vegans they are. I love the soyrizo scramble with nutritional yeast and the garlic chili chaluhla sauce. I smother it and it tastes sooooo good that I crave it all week long. I know others enjoy the sauce too because the bottles are always being used, but for some ungodly known reason Scramble decided to stop providing the sauce. WTF man??? The cashiers don't seem to be especially knowledgeable about the products and it generally takes 2x as long to order a vegan meal than it does a normal meal.They also recently started putting in bigger chunks of green bell pepper which I think really detracts from the taste. I have also been jipped on my avocado twice now, and my English Muffin barely toasted. I have to admit, the french toast and the English Muffin (when cooked right) have a special place in my soul! And there is nothing better that vegan butter  being readily available.More knowledgeable cashiers, quicker bus service on a busy day, and a re-introduction of the chili garlic sauce and you will have me back. As for now, I'm so mad about the discontinuation that I cannot even look at you!
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,7/5/2011,100,799,7,13,11>Wow, another great, brand new Chinese buffet!  Norm R, Robyn N., Mike C., Jeromy H. & I got together today to give it a try.  This place is beautiful inside, rather large, & today was featuring 149 really good food choices, plus sauces & dressings.  There's Sushi being made fresh, a Hibachi Grill (similar to Mongolian BBQ), & lots of really tasty food from various traditions to try.  To top it off, it's very inexpensive given the quality.  Try this totally 5 Star place "STAT", as Iain B. would say!     :-))Lunch Buffet $6.59/5.93 Sr.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,7/4/2011,285,121,6,8,8>All right guys, I'm getting a little concerned. I see the reviews and that's all well and good, but every time I go into Sonora, it's empty! After the loss of Karey's Kitchen, I feel I have to take a more proactive approach. I went to Karey's Kitchen when I was hungover all the time, but apparently a restaurant cannot live on Georgeann G.'s hangovers alone (I know, it shocked me too).Next time you think about going to Chipotle, come here instead! They can share the massive line Chipotle has from open to close every day! Don't get me wrong, I love me some Chipotle, but I don't want to lose Sonora, so I want to share the wealth a bit.That's enough of my plea. Still 5 stars. If you look at the picture of the to-go order that I just inhaled while watching a Hills marathon in my living room, you'll see why. Delicious!
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,7/3/2011,357,399,9,14,14>The Shops at Pecos Ranch have been empty since I moved just down the street a year ago.  Finally a couple of months ago we started seeing signs of life!  When I first saw the logo for Uncle Bears I thought is was a store for dogs.  Don't laugh....look at the logo....does that say sports bar to you?  But I was pleasantly suprised when I checked their website and checked out the menu.  I had the opportunity to check it out on a recent evening when my daughter was on vacation with my sister.  When I'm on my own I like to sit at the bar and this bar is awesome.  It's a nice long bar with pleanty of room and three giant flat screens.  And there are screens all over the restaurant.  There is a beautiful patio and the bar also opens up to the patio.  Nice!  The bartenders were friendly and attentive and they have lots of nice beers on tap.  All I care about is that they have Guniess and they know how to pour a good one.  They do.I had some nachos which were good.  We will be coming back since I know it's family friendly and my daughter will love the dog theme.  I hope they will keep up the good work and become one of our "go to" places for a decent bite to eat.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,7/2/2011,1114,557,5,18,12>Not exactly what I expected ..................I liked it. I was thinking some sprawling ranch house with wood floors and saw dust everywhere, maybe some old west artifacts on the walls and grumpy old waitresses. What I got was a cool little funky building, with cool interior and neat things on the walls. More of a sports bar atmosphere with a good sized dining area. Killer staff and great food. I had a burger, I believe flat grilled, cooked medium rare and I could tell it was good beef. They said they grind it themselves. The fries were great as they are a fresh cut type. The beans were different. They were a lighter vinegary type of bean with onion and bacon. I liked them but could not eat the whole pot that came out. It ended up being a little expensive. 9 for the burger and Fries, 2.50 for the drink and 1.50 for the beans. Tax and tip it was an 18 dollar lunch.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,10/22/2012,643,475,8,12,12>Note to management - The crew you had working this past Monday night is your "A" TEAM. My calzone was cooked to perfection, my only regret is that I didn't take a picture of it. My dinning companions were equally impressed with the hot meatball sandwich and chicken parmasean. It was a perfect meal after driving back from the left coast. The service was outstanding too.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,10/21/2012,253,195,9,11,9>I came here with my 2 brothers and my husband last week for an early birthday dinner.  All three of us have birthdays in the same week; clearly our parents mating habits were pretty predictable.  We were blown away at the decor, the food and the service.  OUTSTANDING!Let me start with the decor, the place is fabulous and very well designed.  The displays are creepy and high quality, and the lighting is good.  The only possible suggestion I would add to the way the restaurant is laid out is for the management to consider creating walls to make the seating area a little less cavernous and open.  There needs to be a way to break up that huge, open feeling and make it cozy.Anyway, I digress.We were served by a young man named Eddie and he was the BEST server that I have had in years, possibly ever.  He was friendly, knowledgeable and super attentive, but not 'in our faces' and annoying. He is as well trained to what a 'good server' needs to do (and when) as the highest paid server in the most high falutin' restaurant in all of Fancy Land!!  Kudos to such an outstanding example of what a server should do, the management needs to reward him for being so awesometastic.Okay, the food was ah-maaaaazing.  Now I was like the other reviewer who said they only had so-so expectations for the food, because it is a theme place and to be honest, you are *really* going for the experience in a theme place...kinda like how a certain unnamed HUGE Mexican themed restaurant in Denver was caught serving Alpo dog food (years ago) yet people still ate it and came there.  Yuck. They came for the experience, not the top notch food.  Man was I wrong about Monsterland; DEAD wrong.  The food was outstanding; I mean it.  We started our dinner with appetizers.  We got a Children of the Corn fritters, and a Casket of Chips.  Both were delicious.  The fritters were a pillowy light, hot fried fritter with of sweet potato and corn deliciousness.  And the Casket of Chips was a delicious, hot pile of homemade potato chips smothered with an assortment of yumminess; it was kinda dark so I couldn't see what the toppings were, just that my tongue was happy, and it was drizzled with a intriguing creamy sauce that we couldn't identify, but loved nevertheless.I had a Swamp water cocktail and it was utterly fantastic.  It was a intoxicating blend of coconut, pineapple and rum all swirled together in a pretty blue potion that went down FAR too easily.   My entree was The Stake and it was fabulous.  The meat was oh-so tender and seasoned perfectly, and it had the PERFECT side-fat sear.  Ohmidog, so good; I swear to you, it is 8:30 in the morning and I am already wishing I could be eating another Stake right now!  It was served with roasted, seasoned veggies and I was pleased to see that they even included sweet potatoes in the roasted veggies.  You don't see that too often, they usually throw together a few yellow and green squash and maybe carrots, but not here, they went the extra vegetable-mile.My younger brother and husband both had a Flying Saucer pizza on a herbed foccacia bread crust; I tasted it and it was delicious!  The cheese was gooey, melty deliciousness, the tomatoes slices were sweet and tender and the bread was perfectly seasoned and soft.  YUM-O!  My older brother had the HUGE Monsterland Burger and I didn't hear ANY complaints from him.  It's hard to talk when your mouth is crammed full of delicious burger...We all shared a Gooey Eyeball creme brulee, and a coffee flavored Panna Cotta (forgot its spooky name ) for dessert and both were delicious.  My one teeny, tiny draw back was that the creme brulee was a little too dense for my tastes, but it still tasted wonderful.Our server brought us some boxes to take what we couldn't finish and he gave us each a discount card for 15% off on future visits on wed & thurs..  (SCORE!!)  I'll add that when I got home my teenage daughter 'gleeped' my leftover steak and veggies as soon as I walked in, and she raved and raved about how yummy it was.  In fact, a couple of days ago she asked me to run over to Monsterland and pick her up a Stake.  I patiently explained to her that we live in downtown Phoenix and Monsterland is in downtown Mesa and there was NFW I was driving clear across town to get her a Stake at 9 PM at night.  (Now I may drive clear across town to get ME a Monsterland Stake... *wink* )At some point I used the ladies room and it was spotless.  You could probably eat off the floor (Although I STILL wouldn't recommend it; figure of speech and all.)I love this place.  I am picky as hell, I really am.  I love it here.  I want to go back RIGHT NOW.  Tomorrow is my birthday, I think I better warn my husband now where he's taking me for dinner tomorrow night...    *drool*PS: This place *may* be too scary for some wee kids.  My 6 year old son would probably crap his Wonderoos and then run screaming for his tiny life.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,10/20/2012,331,379,7,12,9>Narcisse is the perfect spot for a bit of bubbly on a lazy Sunday afternoon, or a sexy Friday night out on the town, or Tuesday lunch, or Wednesday dinner. Wait.. Bubbly is good anytime. Well whatever,The atmosphere morphs very easily from day to night because of the ambience of the space. The space is very white and airy, with lots of tables, comfy chairs and couches everywhere. They gave us the pick of the room and didn't try to rush us out even though they were closing down to reset for dinner service in 45 minutes. The food and cocktail menu looks great and I thoroughly enjoyed my freezing cold glass of Schramsberg Blanc de Blanc at a very reasonable $9 a glass. Would definitely return.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,10/19/2012,1507,2829,4,8,6>Leaving Matt's low on caffeine and realizing Jiffy-Lube and Chase were not yet open to accomplish my afternoon errands I decided to next pay a visit to Jobot Coffee - a place I'd heard both good (music, coffee) and less-than-stellar (patrons, service) things about and pointing my GPS to the address I at first wondered if I'd mistyped; to say the least the area is residential and unassuming, but upon seeing the "Coffee" sign I assumed I was in the right place, parked, and walked in as Sigur Ros Takk played on the outdoor speakers.Half knowing what to expect from a house-come-coffee shop named the "best place to take a scenester" by the local media I entered the doors of JoBot to the aromatics of coffee and a bar populated by the partially hung-over and half-shaven but surprisingly also to smiling faces and families sitting with their Ipads as the kitchen turned out respectable looking sweet and savory crepes.  Not realizing that the space served food in addition to coffee I was greeted by a young lady at the bar who asked if I wanted a menu or if I knew what I'd like I deferred for a moment while I perused the options - eventually settling on an iced Toddy and a pair of pastries made in-house that morning - a $10 tab including a $1 tip.With the space almost intentionally run-down looking and tables, benches, and chairs strewn throughout three rooms I found bench and 2 tables near the back where a defunct piano sat alongside a family of four and after getting out my books took my first sip of the Toddy - a rich blend from Cartel with a bit of stone-fruit up front and deep chocolate notes on the finish before moving on to my pastries - a $2.50 Strawberry "DohNut" and a $4.00 slice of Dr. Pepper Cake.  Beginning first with the donut - a small ring that was possibly baked rather than fried given the total lack of grease, rich cake-like texture, and pockets of berries plus an ample coat of not-too-sweet strawberry glaze I have to say the it was more 'muffin' than donut, but all in all it was still quite good.  Moving next to the cake - dense, fudgy, and just bitter enough between the cocoa and the nuts to balance the saccharine sweetness of the soda it has been a long long time since I ordered something as simple as "chocolate cake" and while there is no doubt I could have made something like this at home it was a really nice reminder of how good 'comfort food' can sometimes be - particularly with really good coffee in a relaxed setting.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,10/18/2012,420,461,7,8,7>I came here once for a work event and after a few hours my boss said he had to leave before I "drank everything on the menu." I always have fun when I come to Hula's and I love their cocktails. I last wound up here with Laura L.; Liz S.; Tom S.; J.D.L. and Kelly R. after doing Happy Hour at Fez and we had a great time drinking and having some food. We had two of the whopping huge drinks that come with four straws and flaming rum in the middle. My favorite drinks are the Dr. Funk and the Blood Orange Martini but they have some great beers and lots of other yummy cocktails on the menu.I also LOVE the Spicy Thai Fish Cakes...DELISH!!!!! Great Happy Hour specials and an awesome patio....once summer is over!
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,10/16/2012,736,547,5,8,9>Stingray has an awesome happy hour and it is not limited to just the bar area. You can enjoy half priced drinks and rolls in the entire restaurant until 7pm. I went there yesterday and tried the lemongrass infused vodka (yum) and had a bunch of different rolls and the calamari tempura. While it may not be the best sushi in town it is more than decent and cheap, cheap, cheap.Great place to meet up with friends after work, but expect it to be crowded as more people learn about the smoking deal on happy hour.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/15/2012,56,447,4,9,5>It's worth the hype! Reasons being:1) Tons of flavors, most that you could not find anywhere else like SWEET CORN!2) They don't skimp on samples. In fact, the woman working encouraged me to keep trying more!3) Turtle sundae. Whoa baby.4) Prices aren't outta control.5) Seating both inside & out.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/13/2012,446,326,12,10,10>Just happened to be driving by after an appointment in the area today and saw signs for a new Asian market. Well, shave and a haircut... SIX BITS, the Roger Rabbit in me just could not resist checking it out.About 2/3 the size of Lee Lee here on the west side, this store is very clean, bright and loaded with many of the usual suspects you may find in a market of this sort. A couple of notes though. While the seafood looked very nice and was displayed with care, I noticed no live tanks for crabs, lobsters, catfish and such. Lots of frozen seafood items available as well.The meat department is substantial with both a butcher service as well as pre-packed trays for self service. Noticed a few items here that I have not seen at other markets, most notably Pizzle, and several types of testicles. Not sure I would purchase these items unless I saw them snipped in order to ensure peak freshness though. Cut up whole brined ducks looked interesting.  Prices are just a tad higher than Lee Lee and also there is no 10% discount at checkout. The aisles of dry and packaged goods are not as vast as Lee Lee either, but I noted some higher end items that I happen to be a fan of, most notably Red Boat fish sauce. If you have never tried it, do so, killer stuff. They only carry the 40N which refers to the amount of protein in the sauce. Two sizes to choose from which is a nice option. Not sure if it is still available but if you deal with Red Boat directly you can score 50N which as a dipping sauce is just out of this world good.Look forward to browsing the aisles with more focus on another visit, since this was unplanned. Lee Lee may have some stiff competition based on the size of the Pizzle alone ;)
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/12/2012,540,167,16,16,13>To all of you who didn't give this place five stars, I imagine you'll never do anything of note with your lives. And I don't say that in a small way. I think that there is obviously the magic of love here and since you can't see it, it will always be the missing ingredient in everything you ever do. Sure, the hours are not posted or stuck to and there's no signage and there are other issues. The music can get loud. The lighting is dark. wah!I keep forgetting to get the owner's name but this is very clearly a person living her passion, using her bountiful skills, and trying to make the world better. That's worth celebrating even if the food was shitty. But it's so far from that... The food is spicy as fuck. But it's way tastier than it is spicy. And the ambiance is awesome. And that couch. Oh the couch. And the lighting. In the tables. I'm such a sucker for that shit. And the water is delicious. The only improvement would be booze. Support a local business owner who's giving everything and more to make this work.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,10/10/2012,1,9,1,38,38>Solid carne asada. Not quite as good as the one on 7th Street. I think once the grill at this location gets more use and becomes seasoned, it will improve considerably. On the plus side, the soda machine is incredible! Great for a quick lunch if you live in No. Scottsdale.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,4/2/2010,2178,528,30,29,30>Yep. David B. Once again the wise sage atop Mount Yelp. I called another locksmith who never returned my call. I called Stagecoach and they said they could help me tomorrow. That's cool. I had a safe in my office and the batteries died and I was unable to open the safe. But you have to open the safe to put in new batteries. Suckky I know! Stagecoach called back and said they can be here in an hour. YEE HAW! Stagecoach to the rescue. I expected a horse and buggy with a rugged Michael Landon (post bed wetting problem, pre Little House on the Prairie...c'mon he was a hottie!) to pull into my parking lot and save the day. Well. That didn't happen. On accounta he's dead. But it was a man named Dean. Lean, mean Dean! No. Not mean at all. He fixed my safe. Installed new batteries at no charge. Yep. Free. Last time I got free batteries was at Castle Boutique when I bought a...oh...wait...my mom reads these reviews. Anyhoo. You got key issues. Lock is jammed. Or your office safe is on the fritz. Get out your ole rotary phone and give Stagecoach a holler!
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,4/1/2010,247,155,10,15,15>Any day a 6 lane, super high speed stretch of road closes to auto traffic in favor of foot traffic is a good day in Phoenix.  With the festival, you not only get 2 such days, but you also get a huge range of vendors, activities, bands, non-profit groups, artists, classic cars...  just about anything you could imagine, and this IN ADDITION to the great shops the Melrose district already has!  This is definitely becoming one of Phoenix's great festivals - I'd put it up there close to the Mill Ave street fairs.  Definitely check it out next year - ample parking, something for everyone, typically great weather... there's no reason not to go.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,3/31/2010,357,399,10,15,15>Since I moved here 5 months ago, I am always looking for the local businesses.  I like to support local anytime I can.  And, in my opinion, it is almost always better than a chain.  Don't get me wrong, there are some chains I like, but if you buy local it goes back into the local economy more than if you went to a chain.  So I found Mary Coyle's on Yelp and thought it might be good place to take my daughter.  And we both love ice cream.  Saturday evening, we had been at home all day and needed to get out a little bit.  6 year olds start to go stir crazy after a while.  I didn't tell her where we were going.  We pulled into the parking lot and when she saw the sign she yelled "ice cream....YUM!!"  We walk in and are promply seated.  It's busy with families on this Labor Day weekend and they all seem to be having a good time.  The menu is extensive but we like things simple.  My daughter had a child's sundae, which I thought was resonabley priced at $1.75.  She got a big scoop of Mint Chip with carmel sauce and whipped cream.  And ate every bite of it!  I asked our server what she would recommend.  She suggested the Vanilla Carmel Cinnamon Swirl.  I had a scoop of that in a waffle cone bowl.  It was a large scoop and the ice cream was delicious!!  I asked if they did seasonal flavors....my favorite is pumpking pie ice cream....and, yes, in fact pumpking pie is one of the flavors that will be comeing next month!!  YAY!!  I will be back!  Not many ice cream places.....REAL ice cream places, have a drive thru.  MC's does!  What a great idea if you just want to get a pint or a quart to go and be on your way.  For those of  you who want to espose the evils of ice cream, go right ahead.  Yes, it's got fat in it.  Yes, it's a dairy product.  Yes, you should not sit and eat a pint by yourself in one sitting.  But go ahead, live a little once in a while!  It won't kill you.  And you must be a sad person if you never have just a little of this delicious goodness.  I know MC's has been around a long time.  I know it moved locations.  If you take it for what it is, a Phoenix institution, then you will be fine.  The night we were here, it was busy but the bus boys were cleaning up right after the tables were emptied and doing a decent job.  I did not venture into the restroom so I can't say anything there.  My daughter was enjoying the 50's music that was playing while we ate.  I liked the overal vibe of the place.  Yes, the staff looks very young but didn't you work somewhere when you were 16?  They just need someone to keep them in line.  The young lady that waited on us was very pleasant and came back to check on us twice.  I will be back for sure to try some of that Pumpkin Pie ice cream  YUM!!!!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,3/29/2010,458,172,9,9,13>OK, I am definitely not the know it all when it comes to tattoos, but my friend told me about Wise Magic when I was decided to get my first tattoo. I walked in their on a whim one day and I have to say that they did not make me feel stupid, though I definitely felt that way. I looked through the books to see if I liked anybodys art work. I was looking for somebody that was really good with color....and I noticed the Reverend Rad Chad's work. Ironically, it was the same guy that I was talking to when I came in. I booked an appt that day for a couple weeks later. A few days before, I walked in (when I was supposed to be at a party...shameful I know) and decided right then and there I was going to get it done. I loved his design of my plethora of stars and how he did the coloring (all purple) and shading was amazing! It was a painless experience as well and I loved it that my tattoo didn't look all red and puffy when it was done. I went to the party after and received compliments as well. ***Blush**** If and when I get tattoo #2 and #3...I am definitely going back there!
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2009,3/28/2010,346,210,9,19,13>Thanks to Lindsay's great review I called Carrie right away and luckily she was able to set an appointment for the next day. I had a hard time finding her office but that's because she shares an office with a hair salon and the building number is not visible. Her office is cold so don't forget to take a sweater  (thanks Lindsay) but if you forget that's okay too because she has an extra one just in case. Carrie started the reading describing my love life and then moved on to career and family. I was blown away by her ability to describe the way people look and their personalities. At the end of the reading she asked if I had anymore questions and I was so shocked I couldn't think of any. When I got in my car I thought of a really good one that I had in my mind before I got there so I recommend writing a list of questions before your reading.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,3/27/2010,106,104,13,13,13>Well...I was told to go to this place by none other than Gabi M., because I am a philistine and I had no idea it existed.  But I didn't go right away.  Which was my loss, because this place is phenomenal.  I finally ended up here somewhat fortuitously because a student of mine suggested it.  Anyway...I've been doing this phoenix biggest loser thing because my wife says I'm the biggest loser in phoenix, so when Amber W. started up a competition with the same name I figured hell, I can win that.  Turns out it's about weight loss and so that pretty much means I'm screwed on the $25 entry fee.Well I wasn't until I went here.  My diet was doing very well, thank you, *until* I went to LGO.  As soon as I walked in I was met with a tsunami of poor health choices and didn't know just how to hold it together.  Pumpkin-chocolate chunk muffin? Blackberry bran muffin? (Which I ordered because bran=fiber=healthy, der!) Strawberry muffin? Cream cheese coffee cake?!?! and a million more delightful delicacies which tempted me for forty seconds before I gave in.Well not really.  Here's how it went down: I held firm and got oatmeal with bananas, strawberries, and raisins.  Spare me the nutritionist's take, I'm confident that was the best I could do.  So I was pretty proud of myself.  But I *did* have to bring home a muffin to my wife because that story about her saying I was a big loser was a lie and she's actually pretty great.  So I paid for the strawberry muffin but at the last minute changed to blackberry bran at an employee's recommendation and GOD DAMN i am glad i did because that is probably the best muffin I ever had.Note: Since the charming Gabi M. decided to laugh at me for my food choices *all night* at the OYE I will point out that I ate only 3/7 of the muffin.  That's it!  that's like, um, a 57% healthy choice based on my math.Anyway my student had an english muffin with avocado and smoked salmon that I was looking lustily at so she told me that I *must* have an english muffin.  She bought a pack and gave me two (I'm a good tutor evidently) and so of COURSE I HAD to eat one.  I say that defensively because Gabi laughed at me for the english muffin too.  I'm scarred.Anyway.... I know this review is dragging because my wife is now watching Lifetime which means that her head is being filled with all sort of anti-man propaganda as I type.  So I'll wrap it up: Today we went there and I had a croque madame which is a whole grain open face deal with ham and tomato and mustard and a sunny side up egg.  Pretty damn good.  But we also had the strawberry muffin which was a little disappointing: not moist enough and not strawberry-y enough.  So I give this place five stars anyway because it is super cute and I don't think I could eat everything I wanted to eat there if I went in for 14 days straight.  I loved it.And for the acting on Lifetime, one star.  And the writing:"I love billy, but I love you more.""Really?""Really."Pulitzer prize stuff, that.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,3/26/2010,134,181,12,6,6>Some people think if you have already experienced a trend, you're too old for it when it comes around again. Pffft! Bell bottoms, pink hair, Doc Martens, flannel shirts: I did it once, and if I like it, I'll do it again. That said, I am old enough to have lived through the Wheat Germ No Saturated Fat Frozen Yogurt craze of the early 1990s. Even I was grateful as yogurt's slow demise was hastened by the $5 Cup of Coffee Phenomenon. I have thoroughly enjoyed the Cupcake Craze of recent years, and even dabbled in Chai Tea during its attempted revolt. I'm not discriminating. Every trend gets a turn.So when I saw that Pinkberry was making all of Southern California moist in anticipation, I knew frozen yogurt was making a triumphant return to mainstream America. Accordingly, not unlike chlamydia at ASU, knockoffs began to appear on every corner, christened with stupid names following the current trend of tweaking words to make them "cute", a la "recessionista" and "staycation". Lest we simply repeat TCBY, it's got a twist: the self-serve concept. Ingenious. Keeps your staffing costs down, encourages total consumer narcissism, and gives the opportunity to make serious bank. Brilliant!For the most part, I love it. I adore the tart flavors, with fresh juicy strawberries and almond slivers. Healthy, quick, fresh, the perfect lunch. Because I am not a) a pig or b) a dumbass, I exercise portion control and get the perfect amount for $3.50. After dinner, I can get a dessert I feel good about, while my SO can go to Haagen-Daaz and suck down two giant scoops of ice cream while he complains that his boobs are getting bigger.However... any time you introduce the self-serve concept into food, you're going to get people who act like they haven't eaten in five years and/or have never actually seen a variety of toppings before. Mass confusion combined with gluttony is never a good thing. And, hey, moms out there? When the line is out the door, it's not a good time to let Junior act like he's a big boy by putting on his own toppings. Plus, kids are filthy little creatures; my only consolation is that it is highly unlikely that pediatric hands have ever touched the fresh fruit serving spoons.So yes. I love it. It's delicious. I just try to avoid going at peak hours lest I lose it and shove the face of the slowpoke in front of me directly into a bowl of M&Ms.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,3/25/2010,119,483,4,9,6>I am so excited to have yet another awesome hot-spot added to the Phoenix restaurant scene.  I've been watching the renovations of this building for a while now and read the blog of all the fantastic things they have done inside the place, so I was waiting at the door 10 minutes before they opened.  Needless to say, I was pumped to finally eat here.We were welcomed in a little bit before open time by Dana, the owner, who is a really awesome guy and his enthusiasm and excitement is truly infectious.  You can tell that this is his baby and he is so proud.  We were given menus which are minimized for the time being, but there are still a ton of stellar selections on there.For a starter we chose the sweet potato fries and they were excellent.  They were not too sweet and had a fantastic texture.  Crispy on the outside and slightly soft on the inside made for a pretty addictive pre meal snack.  Next up was the ceviche, which was actually brought out complimentary by the chef.  I've never had ceviche before, but if this is what it all tastes like, I love it!  The fish was lovely and had a nice firm texture and the spices/peppers added a great bold flavor while the coconut milk mellowed it out a bit.  My dinner entree was the Cocojoe's Coconut Chicken Plate and it was delicious!  There were two huge, flattened pieces of chicken totally covered and crusted in coconut.  It was also slightly covered in a deliciously spicy and slightly sweet lilikoi sauce.  I loved it, but my husband loved it more, so I let him have it and I traded him.  Now I had the pork plate which was also delicious.  The pork was tender and the pineapple/soy bbq type sauce was addictive!  There were also chunks of pineapple which was a nice addition.  The coleslaw it came with was actually a great stand-alone side.  It had a tangy buttermilk base with just the right amount of pepper.  For dessert we got the key lime pie.  It was amazing.  It was so tangy, smooth, and creamy.  It was simply unbelievable, and unlike any key lime pie you have ever had.I adore this place.  I'm truly in love.  I will be back here many many times.  I cannot wait till the weather is perfect for relaxing on the patio and sitting around the really cool firepit.  Obviously, I was impressed with this place.  The architecture and reuse of the building is wonderful.  The laid back/island atmosphere of this restaurant is a true winner that will be bringing in the people for a very long time.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,3/24/2010,447,457,19,23,23>I'm ashamed to share that my 10-year old bike still has the hair on the tires, AND the tires were flat from having been in my storage shed for 6 years. Figured it was a good idea to get a tune up (and a helmet) before trying to ride again! The shop owner was so nice! $40 for the tune up and even though it was going to be ready later that day, he advised I leave it a bit to make sure the tires didn't need a new tube (they didn't). He patiently showed me how to put the bike rack on my car - even though I didn't buy it from him, I just brought it from home. He didn't try to sell me the most expensive option of the accessories and in the end, I got a tune up, a helmet, a bike lock and a headlight for $128 (including tax). He taught me about the gears on my bike and gave me a map of all the bike paths in Phoenix! All the while, charming banter. I feel like I've made a new friend! Not only can you buy bicycles and any accessory you may need for your bike at this little shop on Hatcher Road, I understand you can rent bikes here too; and, the shop is right by the canal so if you don't already own a bike but feel like riding, this would be a great launching point. Of course, I SAY that... let's see if I actually get on mine now...
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,3/22/2010,177,185,10,18,15>Everything about this place is out of the norm in a very good and inviting way. Major points on the curb appeal from rock wall to innovative use of nostalgic wooden letter blocks as signage. The attention to detail is refreshing and appreciated.  The interior is welcoming and the creative use of space is impressive. How does one fit a lounge, bar and dinning area in such a tight space and mitigate claustrophobia? This is worthy of an HGTV episode.  Tuck has done it & done it well!The menu is just as creative and unique in its own right. I've enjoyed the roasted grape crostini, chorizo stiffed dates, mac & cheese w/lobstah, special meatloaf with potatoes & chorizo and the chocolate cheese cake. All hit high marks for flavor, portion and presentation. The service is consistently impeccable from courteous host to attentive but non-intrusive servers. I always feel welcomed and appreciated!  Tuck Shop is in my top five places I love and enjoy introducing to friends, co-workers, and out of town guests. It holds a very warm place in my heart with many fun and special memories.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2006,6/1/2007,31,98,1,4,4>Damn, I totally thought I'd be the first one to write about this place, but obviously, I am mistaken.In a strip mall next to a computer store and a pool supply shoppe stands this intimate venue, which would be great for a date.  However, when life doesn't treat you to a hot date in Phoenix, it will do nicely for a good night with 3 co-worker / friends.  Casual yet nice.  Good music, yet nothing I recognized.  Killer platters -- I recommend the New Mexican Platter (tamale, relleno, chicken burrito, beans, rice).  It was so dark in there, I couldn't exactly tell what I was eating until it got into my mouth.  After I moved the relleno off the other items, I would get a piece of tasty chicken (ahh, the burro).  A piece of meat (love the tamale).  Cheesy beans n' rice (but so much better than the standard combo platter at a Mexican restaurant) rounded off the platter.Taste-o-rama galore.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2007,5/31/2007,332,486,3,6,5>Spit your gum out before you enter. Be prepared to get frisked. Bring .50$ for the locker. And forgo all fear and enjoy yourself. Yes, it's swarming with young 'uns on Saturday night, but don't let them whizzing by you, showing you up, discourage you from letting your inner child come out to play. In fact, laugh much, laugh hard and don't be afraid of falling. I fell once, taking my date down with me. Ha! It was the highlight of my skating experience. So funny. I wasn't sure what to expect, but Great Skate is alot of fun. If you aren't pro enough to skate backwards or play the games, just watch. It's fun, too. I recommend this place and roller skating for when you need to break away from reality and just enjoy yourself. I give this place only 3 stars because it's not in the greatest neighborhood (hence security measures) and you have to be ready for a bunch of kids running around and, well, being kids. If you can handle either, then you're golden.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2007,5/30/2007,1102,1549,2,2,1>Funny story:I was visiting a friend in AZ and we had tickets to a Diamondback game.  It was about 110 degrees outside and I was lathering on suntan lotion.  I told my friend...I don't know how long I will last in this heat and he said, CHERI, this is Arizona, we have an indoor ballpark and it is air conditioned.  Ok, I had no idea that it had a a retractable roof and there was AC.We arrived and we had those cool outfield seats that is like a bar with bar stools hanging over the outfield.  The TGIF has tables inside the stadium where you can eat at a table and watch the game...you need reservations for that.Super cool stadium until my friend decided to smoke not once but twice and get us all kicked out of the stadium but I do not blame the stadium.They have a swimming pool in the outfield that you can rent out...REALLY COOL!
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2007,5/29/2007,337,1041,,4,2>Whenever I'm not in Los Angeles, the Bay Area, or Manhattan, I am continually amazed at what can be done when space is not at a premium.  Shopping at this roomy Safeway, which has its own gas station, is nice.  It is appropriately air conditioned for its location and there are carts stored indoors if the ones outside are too warm (particularly a consideration if you are going to put a child in the cart).  Otherwise, this is a normal Safeway.  Alternatives include a nearby Albertson's and Sprouts Farmers Market.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2007,5/28/2007,990,573,1,3,2>Whoa!  This was an unexpected find for me.  I was in town for business randomly searching around for something to eat and I came across this place by accident.  Good selection of snacks (loaded up for the hotel room).  Not the full blown places like the ones back home, yet It was very cool to run into a place like this out there.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2007,5/27/2007,25,34,,2,2>Yucca Tap Room! I love this place! I went on a Saturday night with an itch for shuffle board. When we walked in, I thought there was no way we'd get on the table with how crowded it was, but boy did we. We monopolized that table for what seemed like hours, playing with and against complete strangers and having a blast. A band was playing, which made for a great atmosphere but was not at all too loud for conversation-- a definite plus. I'll be going back very soon now that I've read about the live band karaoke!!
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2007,5/26/2007,129,543,6,2,5>i was very happy with my bus experience today - first and only, though it may be. I was up at a marriott on black canyon freeway and wanted to go downtown for some touring.  besides the fact that everyone i asked said "but i don't understand why you want to go there" they also informed me that the bus was slow and rarely made it's posted arrival time. though i walked the wrong direction i found myself at a transit center at the metro center mall and caught the red line eastbound, greeted as i entered by a jovial singing bus driver. and not the annoying kind. i showed him what the transit girl had given me by way of directions (more in a second) and he made sure i got to the stop i needed.  when i transferred to the #15 bus, that driver was very nice and helpful too, and though he too didn't understand why i would be traveling to phoenix, he wished me well and let me know when he'd be on the return trip if i wanted a ride back.and in fact on my ride back i got on the red line from central station and was greeted by happy singing bus driver #1 who remembered me! so, i would give this whole day a 4 star score except that the website is stupid and it told me i needed to take the 122 to the 15 to the 19 to get downtown when all i really needed to do was take the red line the whole way. that would have saved me a lot of walking and waiting at a bus stop with crazy homeless men screaming at each other while i waited to transfer.  that's all i'm saying.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2006,5/24/2007,11,25,1,1,2>What I love about Oregano's is that it never disappoints. The staff is always friendly, the food is always good, and the wait is long enough that you have time to enjoy a glass of wine (or two) before sitting down to dinner. I've been going to Oregno's for many years now and except for the time my car got towed from in front of the knitting shop, I've never had a bad experience.Don't come to Oregano's if you're looking for nothing but food. Oregano's is all about the experience -- fun and casual, but not exactly a quick bite to eat. Grandma G's Rosemary Chicken Potato Pizza is THE best and the Pasta Basta rocks, too.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2006,5/23/2007,53,132,2,1,1>I love Pita Jungle's food. It's delicious! But I have to agree with the other reviewers about the service being terrible. It seems to have improved recently, but I still think referring to it as the  "hipster Hooters" is a pretty accurate description. Lots of eye candy (if you dig mostly emaciated shaggy-haired 20-somethings in tight pants), not much service skill at all. I'm glad they finally expanded their space, they've been needing to do that for a while. So, if you want to eat some awesome food and take all night doing it (because your server is practically ignoring you), Pita Jungle is a great place to go!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2007,5/22/2007,23,180,,2,2>Admittedly, I've been to several OPH's around the country, and while each franchise seems to have a lot of leeway in altering their menu or decorating as they see fit, across the board I think this is the type of restaurant you can't truly appreciate until you've become a regular at one of them.  Many are family owned and have become neighborhood institutions.  This particular branch derives a certain amount of "charm" from its attachment to a Motel 8, walls that have been collecting grime and signatures from celebrities for years, and newer solid surfacing table and countertops that are rainbow flecked, perhaps to coordinate with the teal paint details?  The angry "turn your cell phones off" signs have an air of authority that demand that the customers respect the wait staff.The menu here mirrors most in the franchise (enormous apple pancake, oven baked dutch baby, a variety of breakfast crepes, traditional - ie, non-Belgian - waffle, fat oven baked omelets and a wide variety of pancakes), and additionally offers a few egg scramblers and daily specials.  I'll point out that I LOVE 49ers, and was disappointed that they came slightly crispy fried here, similar to a potato pancake.  I'm sure they'd be fine if I had nothing to compare them to.I wouldn't necessarily make a special trip here, but if you live in the area and can dedicate yourself to becoming a weekend fixture and working your way through the menu, do it.Oh!  They have take-out here too!
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,6/18/2012,425,213,4,12,7>European-style malt beverages in Arizona!Whether you are a hops and malt enthusiast, or a discerning craft beer drinker, OWB  will be the type of local brewery that will have something for your palate.  Throw some colorful characters in to the cask, mixed with one or two patrons inebriated by beer, and you have a fun little Happy Hour.Upon my recent visit, I was greeted by John the Barkeep.  With dirt under his nails, left-overs in his whiskers, beer stains on his shirt, and a laugh so gravelly and jovial that you want to make a ringtone out of it - I felt immediately at home.Not to mention, the quotidian appearance of the small warehouse with its smattering of old couches and dartboards - and some well placed wooden stools at the bar - made me feel as though I had just walked into a neighbor's backyard pop up brewhouse.  Come here with the sole intention of drinking well crafted beers, and waffling on with the staff.  Don't let anything else sway your opinion.Back to the brews...I sampled 7 of their 8 beers on tap.  One of them was the Root Beer.  The "Cowboy Southwest Root Beer".  This particular Root Beer has an herbal extract, along with pure cane sugar.  The mesquite bean syrup gives it that old fashioned flavor, (and I delighted in it so)  All of this, lovingly delineated by Geoff Lowell, OWB's public relations guy.Other pours of note were the Honey Wheat made with local honey and unfiltered wheat (looks like a Hefeweizen, drinks like a Blue Moon) Our favorite!Nitro blonde ale 4.5% which was "clear, crisp, and dry, with low-to-medium bitterness and aroma. Semisweet from the special European malts used in the mashing process."The Dark knight porter was outstanding!!!  With its Chocolate and Coffee notes, Geoff recommended a Porter float with vanilla ice cream.Also memorable was the Belgian Ale, a seasonal beer that took me straight to Bruges on the first sip.OWB has seasonal ales that they offer throughout the year, including a Summer ale with local prickly pear fruit.  However, the boys wanted me to be clear that "we don't do fruity beers."Should you get hungry while quaffing your ale, there is a food truck outside that cooks up Fish and Chips, Burgers and Fries, and Philly Cheese steaks.  John even made mention that they will happily create some beer-infused victuals for you.OWB closes at 7 during the week, so it's always HH when you come into OWB.  Weekend hours are varied as they will stay open later if a crowd is there.  Generally that happens when they have a band.To conclude this intoxicating tale - if you have enjoyed one of their brews immensely and want to take it home, purchase a Growler with the beer of your choice.  For $15 you get 64 ounces of malted bliss, and can bring the empty Growler back for $7 refills.  What an amazing deal!John sent us on our way with our Growlers with these final words..."Put this in the trunk of your car and drive like you're moonshiners".
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,6/17/2012,442,101,7,11,7>I am so happy Pita Jungle opened in Norterra Shops!  The menu is the same at this location as the rest.  I LOVE the decor at this location.  The art is great and there is a nice area to eat outside.  The service is usually good and the food is always fresh.  I come here for Happy Hour with my teacher friends after work.  The specials on small plates and drinks are perfect!  We usually get the hummus, shrimp, garlic chicken, and possibly the scallops.  I love everything, but the scallops.  They seem to have a weird taste to them.  I recommend Pita Jungle  for anyone who wants to have fresh healthy food.  :-)
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,6/16/2012,493,165,6,16,11>The place.Cant talk about Wandering Horse Buffet, with out mentioning Talking stick casino, its the tall building east of the 101 in Scottsdale. Im glad the people decided to ditch the tents and build a nice building with a golf course around it, and by the way the rooms are really nice with out a big price, if your a local check out  their deals during slow seasons.  Yeah and its hidden as well in the maze of slot machines and black jack tables. Well for the buffet, no problems here close as you can get to a fancy Casino Buffet in Vegas.  The menu is always changing so keep up to date great specials.  Another tip, the Wandering Horse Buffet also hosts great food for holidays.  As for the service staff, I leave a nice ti. Im being real when I say, I don't tip at all buffets.  For the atmosphere Clean classy casino buffet.  you don't eat in a smoke haze. the seats are nice and comfy if i remember right they have wheels, don't tell me that not fun.  Personally any place that can satisfy a dessert feast after a large meal wins me as a fan.  Anyways casino prices,    * Buffet Breakfast - $9.95    * Buffet Lunch - $13.95     * Buffet Dinner Sunday thru Thursday - $20.95     * Buffet Dinner Friday & Saturday $26.95     * Sunday Buffet Brunch - $27.95     * Holiday Buffets - $42.95 kid prices as well.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,6/15/2012,690,342,7,12,7>The fact that I have yet to write my review of Nami should be an insult to vegans and sweet lovers everywhere!Nami, short for Tsoynami, is heaven on earth. or the moon. jupiter. wherever there is heaven, there is Nami.Soy "tsoft" serve ice cream. Winkies. Snickerdoodles. Various cupcakes. Various cakes. Coffee with a choice of soy, almond, rice, and even hazelnut milk!Although they have only done it once, Nami is planning on running a regular Sunday brunch in February. I thought it was amazing when I went to the beta test. Multiple scramble options in addition to chilaquilles and other brunch creations. Do yourself a favor and stop by. If not for the treats, for the awesome dancing and singing always taking place!PS... Cheddar and Chive Scone (thank me anytime)
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,6/14/2012,650,610,7,9,8>I have been wanting to go to a Peruvian restaurant for a while now.  I grew up in Ecuador (borders with Peru) and when I was young I used to swim.  One of my swim meets was in Lima, Peru, so I got to experience their wonderful cuisine.  When fellow yelper Scott D. and my hubby set up a double date, I suggested we try this place.  Scott and his charming wife Tessie, joined us this week at Inca's.  I ordered a Pisco Sour, the typical peruvian drink, its in between a margarita and a moijo, without  mint.  It was on spot.   We enjoyed a Ceviche Mixto as a table appetizer.  It was very nice.  It had a kick to it.  Of course, I had the Aji de Gallina.  This is one of my favorite peruvian dishes and they didn't disappoint. My hubby had the Carapulcra, very tasty.  For dessert I had the alfajores, the Dulce de Leche filling was exactly how I remember it.  Yes, it is not cheap, but there are not many cheap places in North Scottsdale, so I was not too surprised.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,6/13/2012,480,193,8,15,9>PORK BURGERS !! (please, sir - I'm using that as an adjective, not a verb)ahem THEY HAVE PORK-BURGERS !! A delicious addition to the menu. The only problem is, I already had a short list of must-try-it-next-time that I can never seem to get to, since everything I've had I loved so much I didn't want to order anything else.( until the next time Ric or Chef J talked me into trying something new, that is )This is the new favorite.  I don't even put any catsup or sauce on it, just meat, bread, veggies. French fries are hand-cut and double fried to a crispy-chewy constistency that is rare and satisfying.I really mean to try to 'Loaded Spud' and the chopped chicken someday, but between the burger, porkburger, and pulled pork, I may never get there.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,6/12/2012,331,207,6,10,9>I watched Daddy Long Legs about two weeks ago.   The story was so heartwarming, beautiful, and romantic, as if you are watching a Jane Austen's novel coming to live.  The two actors were magnificent.  I hope they will return back to ATC. There is not a bad in seat in the house at The Herberger Theater.  A major plus is that you get in/out of ladies room during intermissions before the performance starts again.   Thank you all for a fantastic evening!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,6/11/2012,643,475,12,13,11>Scottsdale is a tough crowd. I noticed all the other Capriotti's in the valley have a 4 star rating on Yelp and this location has a 3 star rating.I've eaten at Capriotti's a lot since it has opened and have found that the sandwiches are consistently good and the service is great. A "small" sandwich is 9 inches, I wouldn't even contemplate ordering anything larger. And believe it or not they have a "medium" and a "large" sized sandwich. I really urge the corporate office to start serving 6 inch sandwiches in order to get the price point down. A sandwich and drink basically hits the $10 mark, which is a little too much for a fast food joint.My Favorite sandwich is The Bobbie. It's like eating Thanksgiving Dinner in a bun. When I first tried this combination of cold turkey (real turkey), cranberry sauce and stuffing (hold the mayo) I thought no way this could be good. I was hooked once I took my first bite. Yum - a perfect combination of food, like eating Thanksgiving leftovers. I've enjoyed the Cran-Slam Club and The Italian Sausage sandwich as well. I'm determined to try the rest of the sandwiches, but I keep on returning to The Bobbie.They have a couple of flat screens and seem to play a lot of "live" type songs from the Eagles, Beattles, Simon & Garfunkle, Springsteen, etc. A great place to sit back and chill. P.S. - Park in the Wal-Mart parking lot across the street to save your sanity.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,6/10/2012,556,127,4,6,7>The BREAKFAST BUZZ!!!!!! OMG!!!!!!!!!  I wish that I could have one of these everyday!  It is a patent-pending protein drink with espresso, chocolate, protein powder, banana, peanut butter, milk, vitamins and I think that is it! My friend introduced this to me and I do not even like coffee, but this drink is F'in Fantastic!  I love the vibe here...everything is fresh here!  I also tried their hummus plate with chicken and it was like the best hummus I had ever had!  It has some fresh veggies with it and a flat bread.  The Berries and Nuts salad is awesome too!!  The inside is cute! They have a drive thru if you are in a huge hurry!
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,6/9/2012,118,69,6,22,12>There are few things in life I hate, but house cleaning is high on that short list.Which is why Kelly & Juan are two of my favorite people. Not only are they cool as all get out and so fun to talk to, they take over my least favorite chore and do a smashing job each time! I've been using them since August of 2011, and they never let me down. We've really developed a friendship relationship. We have a monthly re-occurring appointment and it's always something I look forward to. They are trustworthy and are so incredibly reasonably priced that hiring them to help out around the house is a complete no-brainer.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2010,8/14/2010,65,113,32,19,13>How am I going to review this place?Did I actually get tricked into coming here?How... ???What... ???Did I really just see THAT much nudity & debauchery in 2 hours?My life has forever changed...Wow, I'm going to TRY to write a coherent review. God help me.Who knew all it would take to snap me out of any bi-curiousness I may have had was strippers.Pros:You can get drunk on the left & then go watch full nudity on the right.Everything was 2 for 1. 2 beers? $4.50. That was awesome. Is that just Wed?The black lights turned my vodka tonic a light colored neon blue. The girls that talked to us were nice.The girl who gave my friend a dance worked hard & deserved her money.The bouncers looked very capable.The music. Heard some stuff I didn't think I'd hear. Major plus!Cons:Could the parking lot be any more crowded? Holy hell.Kind of dingy. Sitting in those chairs freaked me out a little.The locks in the restroom on the left are broken!The bartender watered our White Russians down. It was gross. We complained & it was rectified.Now, let me say that just because I gave this place 4 stars doesn't mean I ever want to come back. I have had my fill of strip clubs, be it this place or any other.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,8/13/2010,447,457,16,18,15>Chino Bandido is my guilty pleasure. It is utterly unhealthy food served in an aluminum foil bowl, delivered by a casually dressed employee who shouts your name until you claim it. And, you get a soft snickerdoodle cookie, as if there were not enough calories and carbs in the meal itself.It's a dive. Black and white checkered floors. Murals and polaroids of customers mounted on the walls behind plastic.Ayesha is right. It's a love/hate kind of place; and, those who love it will blurt out what they order at the mere mention - it's practically involuntary. Me? I'm "jerk chicken add black beans." I have the number programmed into my phone so I can call in my order.It's also addictive for those who like it. I am generally compelled to visit Chino within 72 hours of hearing someone mention it.Here's the thing about Chino Bandido: it is NOT Chinese and it is NOT Mexican. It is Chino Bandido. It's its own animal. To try to label it can only lead to disappointment. So, I suggest: ~ Know that we are not talking fast food prices -- a one item bowl with a soft drink is $9.15.~ Enter with an open mind. ~ Proceed immediately to the counter under the menu with all the pictures on it and tell the employee it's your first time. The employee will slip you a bunch of samples so you can taste what you're in for. ~ Figure out what you like and accept help from the employee while you complete the unique order form (which is also demonstrated on the website: chinobandido.com/order.h…).~ Enjoy!
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,8/12/2010,390,126,7,10,9>There are a few bar/restaurants in Tempe that are busy for a good reason.  This place is one of them.  Neighborhoody in its way, Four Peaks sits as the best place to take a visiting friend of any stature and taste.Now, this place is pretty much always busy, so if you're not looking for a crowd, go elsewhere.  The crowd at Four Peaks is generally nice and attractive, everyone drinking good beer and eating good food.  The restaurant/pub is located in a beautiful brick building, hidden among the half residential, half industrial 8th street drag.  Very well designed place with giant brass kettles and wood adornments and tables abounding around the large, open seating areas.The food is a notch above bar food.  Everything I've had I've enjoyed pretty much.  I recommend chicken strips (handmade!), italian beef beer bread, pizza and burgers all from personal experience.  The stout tiramisu dessert is great for beer lovers, though a little bitter for a dessert for some.The beers are great.  Hands down the best micro-brewery in Tempe (I think there are only two though ;)  The stouts are rich and delicious, I'm a big fan.  I'm also a fan of the HopKnot, which is peachy and hoppy (as the name states).  For kicks, take the risk and try their seasonal beer, whatever it is, guaranteed a good experience.Good place to go with a large group, a place to show a date you're in the know and also probably the tastiest place to rub elbows with the smarter side of ASU.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,8/11/2010,218,116,9,11,11>Last night I made my second trip to Postino and was in the company of a very lovely young woman. Lucky me :) I had been to this location one other time, but I wasn't there very long and I forgot what I ate. SO, i was really looking forward to this trip. Plus, Amber W was kind enough to give me a gift card for Christmas. Thanks Amber! The parking here is sort of on the ridiculous side because the lot is so small. You have to valet your vehicle. I think it was $3. It was busy when we arrived and were quoted about 25 minutes. So we went over to the waiting area to start with some wine. We didn't even have a chance to order because our table was ready already. We were seated outside and I feared for my date's life because it was a little chilly and I don't think the dress she was wearing was really made for winter nights. Thankfully there was a heater planted right behind her. Our server took our drink orders promptly. I had the Tierra de Luna Malbec. Very good. She had a Reisling, which was very sweet and fruity. Started with the bruschetta and holy schnikes! I could have eaten this all night. We opted for the Smoked Salmon with capers and Pesto, the Tomato, Basil, & Mozzarella, the Ricotta with pistachios and dates, and the Brie with apples and fig spread. All of them were amazing! I am not a salmon fan, but this smoked salmon was delicious! It was also my first attempt at Brie. This too was good. For the meal, my lady friend or special lady, (Big Lebowski random quote) had the Raspberry Chicken salad. It was chunky chicken salad on a bed of greens with a raspberry vinaigrette. I was told it was good. I went for the half panini and soup combo. I had the Vegetarian with the Tomato and Gorgonzola soup. Originally the wrong panini came out. The server got it replaced and put the wrong one in a to go box to take home. Thought that was nice for the mix up. The soup was excellent. It is a very close second to The Roosevelt's tomato soup. The Vegetarian panini was good, but could have used a little more veggies on it. Unfortunately there was no room for dessert, but they all sounded amazing. Overall, a great experience with great food and drink. Service was great and the atmosphere was perfect. Again, thanks Amber W for the gift!!!
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,8/10/2010,177,185,14,16,19>I shopped local for 95% of my holiday gifts and my Smeeks recipients absolutely loved their trinkets and candy.  I love Smeeks for how it made me feel. Just like a kid in a candy store and I wanted to sniff and lick everything. I had a great time perusing all the cool merch and even found a couple things for myself. I'm sure I'll be granted a few cool points for my Pac Man mints and root beer scented pencil. Hmmm I could use a Baby Jesus topper for my pencil, Stevey?  They even have plastic barf. How can you not visit this place?
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,8/9/2010,128,30,14,16,13>I finally went to Sens and was not disappointed. It was like Asia. In San Francisco. In Phoenix.The hostess sat my lovely lady and I in a corner and it sooo made me want to make out, but it was our first date, and alas I am a perfect gentleman. We were in the room up front, right next to the garage door that isn't. Word is, they're gonna blow out the front of the restaurant to allow for outdoor seating as soon as Chu cuts down the giant 75 year-old palm tree out there. (Update: Palm tree is now gone. Green people shant fret, though. I mean, it's not like it was a 200 year-old Redwood or something. Besides ... upon hearing the news, I lit a candle and planted a baby ficus in my own back yard in memoriam. So that's kinda' like a carbon offset. Or something.)I could have sworn our server was Asian. Turns out she was Jewish. And awesome. Jinia (that's her awesome name) could tell I was having difficulty deciding (or perhaps she just grew impatient with me in her own sweet way), so she simply asked us our likes and dislikes, in general, and if we had any food allergies or intolerances, and she proceeded to make the decision(s) for us. It was great! And unless you're an experienced Sens patron and already know what you do and don't love, I'd highly recommend going this route. It was kinda' like chef's choice, except it was Jinia's choice.And Jinia did not disappoint. Since we weren't doing the ordering ourselves, I'm not even sure what all we had. But it was all tasty. And I love that the portions are what they are - tapas size - so it allows you to try many different things rather than simply ordering one giant entrée and being stuck with it, for better or worse. Among other things, I do know we had the Soup Gyoza and the Spicy Wontons. Oh ... and the Volcano Flamed was clever. (You get to sear your own beef carpaccio on a hot stone. I messed ours up and it turned out more like beef jerky, but that was my bad. I own that.) Also had a soup and a salad, the names of which both escape me however. The tea with the blooming flower was a pleasurable experience as well. Not only was the tea delish, but watching the blossom do its thing in the teapot was sorta' like watching one of those time-lapse nature videos back in middle school.The cucumber-infused hydro has ruined me for all other table water. About this I am upset. But overall it was a great dining experience, thanks to the good food and even better service. I will indeed be back once they finish the overhead door conversion and I can sit outside under the aberration of shade cast by the once present giant palm tree that is no longer. And make out.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,8/8/2010,596,450,12,17,17>Christmas really isn't my holiday...it's more for the Beautiful Carin, and I try my very best to play along and do what I should to make the holiday "joyful"...not my strong suit:)This Christmas is no different than 30 or 40 others that preceded it...it's the end of the year and that always bring its own peculiar brand of "troubles".Today, I had to visit with one of my attorney's (I know, pathetic)...some trouble with some partners in a business relationship and I am trying to figure out what the best course of action is...this attorney is my Doberman...he will chase people to the bowels of hell and bring them back screaming to be returned to Satan's loving grasp...if the compensation is right:)I don't Yelp him, because frankly, he scares me...a little bit:)I was bemoaning the holiday season to him during our session today (believe it or not our "chit chat" is quite brief at $425 per hour), and his legal advice was that I "sack up" and get over it:)To reinforce that, he took me to lunch (I must look like I'm going to be a gold mine to him!) at Scott's Generations:)That did indeed put a smile on my face and prepared me adequately for my next meeting this afternoon.I love deli...I get to NYC 2-3 times a year, and consequently I don't think very much of the deli's here in town...overpriced, under-sized...less than we should expect:(Even Goldman's, who's been good for several years, has fallen sharply over the past year.Scott's could change my perception of the deli landscape in PHX.I had a hot corned beef on rye that was as tasty as anything I've found in Phoenix...and it was huge...a restricted flight softball of hot, moist corned beef, between two thick slices of rye (from Karshes, next door, with plenty of caraway seeds:)Four salt brine pickle spears, and cole slaw, accompanied this behemoth:)I couldn't leave well enough alone and ordered a side of crinkle cut fries to "make the season bright":)$11.00 US money for the whole deal (no extra charge for "extra lean":)Everything was well made, tasty and nicely presented by the sweet ladies that serve the all the customers...I mean 20-25% tip service by these sweethearts:)I waddled out, with my mood adjusted back to "non-grinchy" (I'm sure this lunch will appear on the bill from my attorney, at some point...I just choose not to think about it right now:)I didn't even have room for a Black and White cookie from Karshes, after lunch...that's packing in the corned beef!While Scott's Generations is not, strictly (or even un-strictly) speaking "kosher", it is definitely in  the traditional "New York Style":)No, I would not claim it's as good as anything in Manhattan...but I gotta tell you, it's as good as a lot of neighborhood deli's in Manhattan...and easily the best of breed for PHX.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,8/7/2010,278,165,4,17,13>It's a rare rainy day in Phoenix...what to do with the kid? I took my daughter here today to kill some time and she was grinning from ear to ear with excitement the whole time. All the items from the bears themselves to the clothes and shoes are all made at the factory. No Chinese imports here! If you're thinking of doing Build-A-Bear come here instead. Not only is it less expensive (check their website for coupons), but you're shopping local and supporting the neighborhood economy. They also do monthly events and kids parties, which I'll definitely be back for.I ended up spending about $30, but it was well worth it! My daughter loves "Pinky" and the trip was a fun activity to do together.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,8/6/2010,232,129,14,17,15>This is a great bar.  You come, you drink, you repeat.  It is not hip or cool, nor will it ever be, but you are always welcome at this bar without being judged.  Whether I feel like chugging cheap beer in cutoffs or sipping white wine in stilettos, I never ever feel like I'm being eyed or judged by the bartenders or the regulars.  This happens sometimes at dive bars- it's like reverse snobbery- if God Forbid a girl has on high heels people sometimes assume you suck Scottsdale Yuppee balls and they get on their dive bar high-horse.  Not here.  The patrons are as varied and eclectic as it gets.  Sure you've got your grey-hairs with their butt-imprints on the stools, but you also have corporate after-work types (who really do want a dive bar not a I-want-to-be-seen-being-divey),  your hipsters, your cowboys, your hot young chicks, your random toothless guy, your everyday Joe's.  The drinks are cheap and the [female] bartenders are always, always welcoming, friendly, and relaxed.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,8/5/2010,120,162,14,14,13>I ride my bike to work.  Today I was running a little bit later than I usually do.  I had the slightest of hangovers, so getting out the door was a bit more delayed than is typical.I was riding my bike down Scottsdale Rd.  I've peaked in the window of Lo-Lo's before and I saw that it was under construction.  Today, I saw people standing around inside.  It was open.I decided, Fuck it.  I'm never late to work, so today I can be a few minutes behind schedule.  I still made it to work on time, but I set down a Styrofoam box next to my computer with chicken and waffles.The waffles have a taste of cinnamon to them and they're super buttery and delicious.  The chicken is not the best chicken I've ever had, but the best chicken I've ever had was so good that if I told you how good it was, you would simply assume that I was exaggerating.The chicken is damn good though.  The recipe that they use is very much complimented by using a splash of Louisiana hot sauce.  It was phenomenally bomb.I stared out the window, watching the clouds loom in the distance and raindrops spit down the glass... all the while chewing on a chicken bone and feeling my hangover dissolve into genuine comfort.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/29/2013,442,101,10,17,14>Oh my, oh my, how I miss coming here for the best fish tacos.  The fish is seasoned and lightly breaded and there is a good portion on the taco.  I have tried the crispy quesidilla and al pastor tacos, but the fish tacos remain my all time favorite.  It's very simple inside and not in the greatest neighborhood, but the service is great, prices are cheap and the food is amazing. Come and get some authentic tacos!!
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,8/28/2013,446,326,8,12,8>Tucked in the corner behind Andreoli, sits this gem of a joint. Was in the area and looking for spots to check out the Blackhawks game. What a cool spot. Huge bar with plenty of room to belly up and imbibe. Tons of tv's to watch your sport of choice. Tenders and staff are friendly and extremely in tune to customers needs.Did not plan on eating here, but a regular next to me told me how good the burgers are, and on Saturday they happen to be half price, Half pound of tasty ground cow that was cooked to perfection for 4.50, add on beer-battered onion rings for a buck. Really tasty burger, and quite the value on Saturdays.Ice cold Kiltlifers, delicious burgers, attentive staff...I can see myself coming back here often.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,8/27/2013,507,585,10,13,9>I don't know What Taiko's got But it plays with my emotions (and stomach)I want so much"Sake", I want to hold you nearWant the taste of sweet and tender sushi on....my tongueCan't stand the thought of it in somebody's mouthGot to have your taste, got to have it all....to myselfI say yeah..yeah....yeah yeahWant to go to Taiko's, Taiko's mmmmWant to go to Taiko's, Taiko's, Taiko RestaurantWant to go to Taiko's, Taiko's, Taiko Restaurant(Billy Ocean - Loverboy lyrics)Taiko is located off Cooper and Ray in South Chandler.  I love this mom and pop shop simply because I enjoy supporting our local businesses.  The also serve up some great food and fun.  At least once a month Taiko has a sake tasting gathering.  At happy hour prices and shots of exotic sake; what's not to like?  Maggie one of the owners travels to sake conventions and orders them from all over the country to get these delicate drinks.  For $15 a head, you'll get 5 shots of the Sake of your choice all laid out on the table.  They have everything from filtered sake, nonfiltered sake, canned sake, box sake, and sparkling sake.  What does that all mean?  I really don't know since I'm not a big sake connoisseur.  However, I do recommend you try it at least once to experience it.  Along with your sake tasting, Taiko offers happy hour dishes that are super affordable.  This doesn't mean their food quality sucks.  It means it's cheap and good!  This was the first place I ordered a fried fish head.   Yep, eyes and lip still attached.  Needless to say, I'm in love with this dish.  If you don't know the tenderest meat comes from the cheeks.  Also, I was a virgin to Uni until I came to Taiko.  My first taste of Uni, well let's just say it was like my first kiss; awkward!  Can't say I'm a big fan of Uni, but if you put it in a shot of sake and quail eggs - we're golden!  Yum!  As you can see I go for the exotic ingredients.Service here is tops.  Maggie and her staff is very friend and will treat you like family, literally.  Maggie is amazing since the time I first attended; she still remembers me by name and welcomes me!  During sake tastings they always have live entertainment.  Kevin one of the musical performers always brings along his violin or guitar to serenade you while you enjoy your sake and food.  Such an awesome atmosphere! - Enjoy!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/26/2013,222,349,9,14,12>Dear god we eat here all the time... probably too much, but it's close, convenient and yummy.Food is flavorful, fresh, consistently good.Service is good, with a smile, and usually pretty quick.Great patio (no misters if you get toasty in the 6-months of PHX summer), and great runway view for airplane nerds such as myself.Only complaint is the menu is quite small and fairly limited for vegetarians (grilled cheese sandwich and a wrap plus your typical salads).
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,8/25/2013,317,211,7,15,9>I've never been to Maryland, but I'm pretty sure CC marries their best with old school Phoenix's best.I'll start with what I don't like: I don't come often enough. That's it. My raves: Cutest house turned classy restaurant ever. I've been discovering more & more places like this and CC is by far my favorite. It still feels like walking into mamas kitchen except you get first class service & it's not free ;)Look out for Triple J! Jillian, Janel, & JR always take great care of me!! They all have great attitudes, very personable, and know the menu very well. You can't go wrong with the crab cakes!! Or the miso salmon, mmmm!! Any seafood really. I've complained about my salmon not being cooked properly at other restaurants but that is not an issue here!!I also love the Gorgonzola salad, chicken Caesar wrap, and meatloaf!!!As others have mentioned, it's a great date place whether your date is a spouse, friend, or family member. I noticed a lot of people come in before a play- perfect ambiance for a romantic evening.Get a sitter for the kids- I would give you a Samantha Jones style stare down if you brought in loud grubby children who would definitely ruin my dinner in a cozy place like this. ( I am a nanny who loves children as well as dining out with children. But I also believe in adults having their happy place considering I don't go to the playground with cigarettes & beer to be in the way of 12 & under spring break! Thanks.)Parking lot works, location is great- super close to I-10, but far enough away to not have the noise while on the patio. Sometimes I come in just for a beer since I am in the neighborhood a lot and just melt into that patio. I'll be back soon! (Maybe tonight!)*Tip- Call ahead
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,8/24/2013,263,625,4,15,13>This place has been here for a long time now. It has a lot of reviews, it does not need another. But, I will just put my 2 cents in.It is a lovely place right on Central. My daughter lives within walking distance to it.So she is the one that had me go there first.Breakfast ,lunch, and dinner ,coffee and even the drink!I have to say my favorite is the Breakfast.Nice little place to go, I do not like it when it is packed and too many people here.But, on off times it is better. Parking is limited.Very worth a try. I really love downtown Phoenix, even though it is much different than most major cities. They are growing and developing ever so slowly.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,8/23/2013,655,756,5,7,6>FINALLY! I was able to have the Chino Bandido experience! I have been wanting to eat here for a while. I just happened to be in the area, so I had to stopped by this historic place!First, when you walk in, you have the wall!! All of the press clippings, picture of Guy, and awards! Basically just bragging about yourself! Hey! If you're good enough, then you can back it up! And Chino Bandido can back it up! After you read all of the bragging rights on the wall, you walk in to the order area with a deer in front of the headlights look! They already know, they will direct you to their tasting station. Give you samples of their food. After you got a taste of their menu, the planning begins! I ordered:Jerk rice, cuban black beans, Jen red pork, and chinese bbq pork. Now you have an option. You can have this Plain! Everything on the plate, or in a burrito, or in a quesadilla! I chose the quesadilla way. Now, i'm not going to lie! I had my thoughts about this! Fusing two kinds of food this way? And better yet, two of the most fattening foods? Before I get into details about their food, I wanted to say that their cuban black beans is the best! And I have had good black beans, heck my father in-law was from Cuba! My Jen Red Pork was in a quesadilla, and that was amazing. Then the mixture of the Jerk Fried rice, black beans, and the Chinese BBQ Pork! I did not expect this, this was one of the best place I have ever had! Boy am I glad I do not live near by! (I would be in a lot of trouble!) Their dining room is spacious, nothing special, but not needed. I had a great experience here. Not saying that everyone would like it. Remember, we all have a different taste. But looking at their reviews, it looks like they are doing really well.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,8/22/2013,116,463,3,9,9>House of Tricks was a first date spot for my husband and I, and has since become our anniversary dinner tradition. We've always opted to eat outside on the patio, which is the highlight of this charming house-turned-restaurant. Yesterday was our 2 year anniversary and we had a wonderful dinner. The kale salad was fresh and delicious. We both enjoyed the ahi and halibut entrees which were prepared beautifully. We also split a bottle of wine and the chocolate-peanut butter pot-de-creme. I don't think we've ever had an issue with service here, although they were a little lax on the water last night.....I'm such a stickler for this....It's such a wonderfully romantic location, and a local gem!
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,8/21/2013,145,390,9,9,8>As an Old Town dweller, I hear a lot of negativity about the area.  People who are too cool or have the thought that all Old Town places are douche.  This is one of the places here I frequent because it's not douche.  When the weather is nice, they have a great patio which offers a superb vantage point to watch the Old Town Douches and Skanks parade by.  Great happy hours deals and the food is also delish. I'm not sure what they put in the hummus, but it's addictive.  I'm also a fan of the prime rib sliders and the grilled cheese.  There is about a pound of cheese on that buttery sammich.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,8/20/2013,221,176,7,10,8>Anybody knows me knows that I love Four Peaks, especially their beers. This new location for them focuses on what they do best which is beer. The tasting room as they call it is just that. A nice room with a view into the brewery for tasting beer. The room is very nice and modern with TV's for watching sports and plenty of seating.They don't serve food here but they will server up your favorite beers. To make up for the lack of food they have nightly visits from different food trucks to serve up  some yummy food. I am pretty sure they also let you call for delivery as well.So if you are looking to grab a beer without the hassle of the 8th Street location crowds or the trip to Scottsdale check out this little gem. They have all the beers four peaks has and right now even have some Pumpkin Porter that is exclusive to this location.The location is a bit tricky to find but trust me it is there. I would give you specifics but I still want to be able to walk in and grab a seat without fighting off a crowd.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2009,12/24/2009,848,353,15,19,19>I was met at the back door.  Yes, I'm your back door girl!  Parking here can be a bitch, as well as pulling into the place...but when you get there...Heaven!I got a cheese and garlic pizza to go.  I pulled into the parking lot and they said my name.  Stalker?  Nope.  Just good service, I guess.  Or maybe they know what a pain it is to park in back and walk allllllll the way around the building to get to the front door?  Anyway...This is true East Coast pizza.  Thin crust, proper sauce and amount and loads of dripping cheese.  Tons of crushed garlic, too!  My first time there, I chatted with the owner.  He actually uses Frank's for his wings!  Hey, I'm from Buffalo.  I *know* wings!  I didn't have them, but he did let me try the sauce.  Perfecto!Huge, East Coast slices, too.  The kind you have to fold in half to eat it, with grease dripping down your hand to your elbow.  THIS is what pizza is supposed to be!!!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2009,12/23/2009,185,167,6,14,14>My company is into giving back to the community, so they invited my department to volunteer at St. Mary's during work-hours this week. It was a great experience and I would do it again! We filled boxes that get passed out to families in need. It makes me feel so good to volunteer and help others. And I feel so lucky to work for a company that supports and encourages this kind of service! St. Mary's was the first Food Bank in the world, they have expanded into a national effort. I also learned that 1 in 5 children wake-up and go to sleep hungry, 1 in 7 adults (18-64) have to decide between eating or buying things like gas/rent/bills/etc, and 1 in 12 seniors (64+) are struggling with bills/medical needs/food.Help someone else and make yourself feel great - volunteer!!
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2009,12/22/2009,53,112,6,11,10>I just got home from Sweets N Beats and I already want to go back for more candy and vinyl. This place is a small shop specializing in music and old school candy. They are nestled between The Trunk Space and The Bikini Lounge.I found lots of great records ranging from Talking Heads, various ska bands and a Rudy Ray Moore album. Good selection of yummy candy like squirrel nut zippers (a chewy, nutty candy), lemon heads, cherry heads, bubble gum cigrars and cigarettes. They also have a selection of books, t-shirts and novelty items. Definitley check Sweets N Beats out. It's a great addition to the downtown area and it's owned by two wonderful people.Cash only here folks, so bring the green. Everything is pretty cheap, so you can walk out with a bag of candy under $3.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,12/21/2009,116,57,12,11,12>I like my local library I visit it about once a month. I have a long history of library patronage, going back to my grammar school days when I participated in summer reading programs. During my senior year in high school I worked as a page in my home town. Yes, I was commonly called "Marian the Librarian." PPL is a very standard suburban library where you can borrow books, DVDs, CDs etc., aside from one of the more curious items I have seen at a library, is the gun storage lockers outside the main entrance.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,12/20/2009,398,837,7,10,9>OMG I'm stuffed.  I think I need a wheelchair to get around the office now...O gawd!So my coworker took me out to lunch today, and this is where she took me.  Its right outside of my office, so all we really have to do is cross the street to get to it.  I've been in here before, and always love it.Place is obviously well decorated.  Service is quick and friendly.  I liked thier menu selections.  ordered a cheeseburger, which came with fries!  I loved the presentation of it!  Fries came in a brown baggie!  My friends Mayo came in a tiny little one serving bottle.  Very pleasing to the eyes!   Food here is tasty, and delicious!  On the fancier side for having a burger, but Im not to much of a fancy eater these days. The burger itself was really delicious.  I got it with Cheese.  The only thing is that the fries were horribly oversalted!! UGH.  I couldn't even finish them!  My one coworker who eats here all the time said that the fries are always WAY to salty and is unsure of who to talk to about it.  Being that I dont eat here often, Im not sure either..plus, since Im not a regular, I dont want to go in there and be like "hey your fries are ALL ENTIRELY salt" and then leave....blah. Anyways...Place was great, will return in a heartbeat!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,12/19/2009,391,180,5,17,13>Need a TV repaired at your house? Then I would definitely recommend calling Emmett's!  They repair TV's in home, anywhere in the Phoenix area.I called up Emmett's Fix-It Shop television repair to see if they could help me fix the broken coaxial tv tuner jack on my 42" Panasonic plasma HDTV. After providing my TV model # and explaining the issue, the folks at Emmett provided me with a few options to get my television repaired. Even though they were unable to obtain the specific part that I needed, they agreed to do the install work if I obtained the part on my own. I was able to locate the part online, ordered it, got it delivered and then called up Emmett's to schedule the install.Emmett's came to my house, worked their soldering magic and installed the new part. My TV is now back to 100% health. The people from Emmett's were very friendly, professional and courteous. I highly recommend them for your TV repair needs.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,12/18/2009,391,272,29,10,13>Drift can be hit or miss as far as the crowd goes, but I always have a good time.  I have been to Drift more times than I can count.  It's always the fallback place if my friends and I are not not sure what to do or if we are not feeling it somewhere else. Things I've been asked at Drift:-Man grabs my arm as I am walking by (not the best pick-up technique to begin with- randomly grabbing girls).  Grabber- "Hey, you like Grey Goose?"Me- "Um, yeah."Grabber- "Good, cause I wanna get you loose."Me- "That is the worst line ever."Grabber- "Really, it didn't work."Me- "Nope, you might as well have asked if I'd like a pizza and a f*ck."-Guy grabs my arm and forces me to punch his friend. (Again, what is with all the grabbing?)Me to guy I just punched- "Your friend made me do it."Guy who forced me to punch his friend- "Don't worry, he deserved it." I won't go into the rest, but he proceeds to teach me a secret handshake before I can get away.  Then, later in the night when I run into him again, he forgets that he already met me and does the exact same thing to me all over again (hand shake and everything).  He thought I was a genius when I beat him to the punch and already knew the moves.Random guy corners me.R.G.- "Hey what's your name?"Me- "Morgan."R.G.- "My name's Ryan and this is my friend, Ryan."Me- "Really, you're both named Ryan?"R.G.- "Hey, two Ryans don't make a right."Me- silence.  A smirk slowly forming on my face because even though it was lame, it was a little creative.  R.G.- "I have a million dollar condo down the street, wanna go back and have a drink with us."Me- "I don't think so, you could be a serial killer."  Then, I paused because I realized his arm was in a cast.  "Oh, never mind.  You're injured, you can't kill anybody."My friend walks up, probably sensing he needs to save me- "What's going on?"Me- "He wants to have drinks in his million dollar condo, but I said no because he might be a serial killer.  Then, I realized I could kick his ass because he only has one good arm."My friend- "What happened to your arm?"R.G.- "It doesn't work."Me/my friend stare blanklyMe- "What do you mean it just doesn't work?"R.G.- "Remember the whole Firestone tire recall?  Well, I was in a rollover and that is why my arm doesn't work.  I got a really big settlement, so wanna go to my condo?"Me- I have no words.(And no, I didn't go to his damn condo)  Yep, I have found true love and his name is Drift.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,12/17/2009,236,133,18,18,18>Es schmeckt sehr lecker!That's German!I have been to Haus Murphy's to drink a few times in the past and was quite pleased by the beer selection as well as the size. I can get beer in a stein the size of my head? Surely you jest. I have a rather large melon. It is true though. The effer is huge and tasty.I finally got to eat here with my favorite collection of Brite girls. The whole place feels rather authentic though I have never been to  Germany so what do I know? Everything I know about Germany I learned from Polka and online pornography (I think they love the Hoff). Community tables were not uncomfortable as they can be other places. They were quite cozy and enjoyable in fact.The food while unpronounceable was very delicious. In fact I have been told that my opening line means "It's delicious" however as previously stated I know nothing of German so it could very well mean *insert funnt profane thing here*Sauerkraut has become one of my favorite things in the world  and It does not disappoint here. The sausages were delicious and the beer made it all just a happy dining sort of day.Also how can you go wrong with two old men in lederhosen playing the oompah oompah on a tuba and an accordion. These guys are rock stars. You learn to play these instruments solely to get chicks.Srsly...I know you uppity east sider kids like to stear clear of the avenues except to take in some hipster-slumming it culture, but downtown Glendale has so much to offer. Haus Murphy's is amazing and it is nestled amongst little antique shops and whatnot with brick and lace and charm. Give it a shot. Tell them "Du hast meine Katze auf dem Fenster geworfen!"
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,12/16/2009,540,167,28,16,18>On an escapade of incongruous inconsistencies, I couldn't help but notice the Vegan Donuts! sign. What's this, you little player placater winking sparkly-eyed at my inner beer-bellied eight year old self? Asidely, I looked like an emaciated, doe-eyed African child in the suburbs of 85028. Though I was also caucasian as a child, if you can wrap your noggin around that little factoid. So I ventured a vulture's wing span and hopped a frog over to Conspire to save my very life. My. Very. Life.I died when the Vegan Donuts were gone for the day. I RESURRECTED with Mary in cave three days later when I bought their chocolate chip and peanut butter veganookies. They're like cookies, only you have sex on the bottom of them and eat the top when you're done. SO good.I veganed out my sugary coconut latte thingymobobber and felt inherently morally and cosmically justified when I took it to 905 and didn't buy any of their evil beverages. I love this place. FIVE Star make-out session with the doorknob when they're closed.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,12/15/2009,1070,742,11,20,17>10/27OK, I've decreed that Crust is my favorite pizza and wine restaurant!  (That is, until a few friends prove to me otherwise that there are better NY-style/thin-crust pizza joints in the valley.)  Not only does Crust offer up super-crispy and flavorful Rustica pizzas ("hand-stretched"), but their 20" thin-crust round pies (I've tried the Little Nicky- white pie w/ fresh spinach and tomatoes) and pasta dishes (crusted mac 'n cheese is delicious both fresh and re-heated) are good, too!I am IN LOVE w/ Crust's filet mignon sliders w/ horseradish cream sauce.  This time the au jus reduction was SUBLIME, and oh so garlicky!  I was told that the "regular" chef was working that day.  To the unnamed chef, I salute you!  :)  The table bread, which you will have to specially request or you won't get any, was great w/ either butter or dunked into the au jus.  MMmm!As if the steak sliders and the decadent cream sauce ($4.50 for 3 pcs, HH menu) weren't enough- I've got to find out where I can get my hands on those buns these sliders are served on!- I went ahead and ordered a pot of brownie sundae ($9.50).  This was my first time ordering the brownie sundae and had not realized it came served in a mini-caulderon-style pot.  Should you decide to order this sweet, make sure you have at least two other tablemates w/ you to share the wealth!  The walnut brownie came w/ sliced bananas, fudge sauce, and a scoop of ice cream and then topped w/ homemade whip cream and a maraschino cherry!  If you're a sundae fan, you'll love this delectable sweet pot!Addendum 10/30:So why not 5 stars?  The atmosphere here isn't as inviting as it could be.  I never minded much about this quality until I spent happy hour with three friends at Cork last night.  (What a beautiful and cozy space Cork has!  Cork review coming soon!)  I'm assuming it's intentional- this being a pizza and wine cafe, the owners want quick turnovers.  Am I right?  Hmm...
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,7/1/2011,448,260,6,11,5>This place is awesome. Because Phoenix isn't a walking city, I tend to not go to coffee shops to do a few hours of work, choosing instead to sit on my couch with laptop in hand, but Urban Beans is the kind of place that makes me want to spend a few hours being productive--or just surfing Facebook. (Isn't it funny how you can feel productive doing social networking when you're at a cafe surrounded by semi-urbanites?)So, what makes Urban Beans different from other local coffee spots? A few things: the staff is really nice, the plugs are plentiful (although watch your step when you're crossing an open area), and they have really good, affordable food options. (Try the pear flatbread or the quiche!). My biggest complaint is the music. I'm OK with emo but some sort of batshit-crazy guy doing spoken word over Enya-like strings is enough to throw me--the ultimate multitasker--into distraction land. Keep it simple, folks, and this place may just become good enough for the coveted five stars.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,6/30/2011,97,168,7,13,9>Love at first sight. Lust at first bite. And now I'm drunk with a red curry pasty infatuation. I don't know how it could have taken me so long to eat here, I've been eyeing this place since I moved here 3 years ago. This is my jam. This is what I look for in an eatery. This is where I want to hide out, drink beers and chat with my tatoo artist about the next ink-scursion.Small, narrow, dark, perfect level of noise, good music, cool waitstaff, fun kitchen peeps, inexpensive, and friggin delicious. At 9:30 pm there was a line of about 10 people waiting for tables. Yep the food is that good and the joint is that cool.New mission: try every veggie pasty on the menu and all sweet pasties.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,6/29/2011,480,556,5,9,6>I have found that during the summer on a Sunday morning before 930 is the best time to go to Matt's....at least that is my favorite time.   Why you may ask? No wait!  I have yet to wait in line at all when I go that early.  But mostly I have been by myself and I find a seat at the counter.  While I scan through the specials, I find myself more often than not, getting the Hog and Chick with Bacon and Hashbrowns.  I have tried the sausage patties and the ham.  I was not impressed by the saugage and while the ham is VERY good, the bacon still wins out.  The hashbrowns alone keep coming back for more and I am not a big potatoe fan.But I admit I am spoiled living just a few blocks away....
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,6/28/2011,247,155,5,11,11>It may have taken a little while, but I'm finally in love with St. Francis. What'd it take? A pear & blue cheese salad, and a delicious peartini. I *love* their mixed drinks here.
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,6/27/2011,271,81,7,12,12>So nice to have a new type of environment to hang out in Scottsdale.Decor - Its so clean and sophisticated sharp decor right when you walk in tn the door , you immediately want a drink when you see the beautiful bar in the center of the floor. OK OK I'm a little obsessed I know:) with good reason!!Food- I have tried several things on the menu and was impressed with every hing ! LAMB BURGER!!! a must!!!Service was friendly and professional. This place is here to stay !
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,6/26/2011,708,1493,20,14,10>If we work together and stay focused we can help small independent coffee houses like this one overthrow the oppressive Starbucks dictatorship.  We can do it.  Drive the extra mile to go to an indy coffee house.  Yell derisive things like "Lemurs!" out the window as you cruise past Starbucks.Watch out for upstart Dunkin' Donuts as well.  The name is a misnomer, they are really in it for the coffee, not the donuts.  I know deep in their heart they hope to rise from a petty potentate and usurp the throne.Overall I liked The Coffee Conspiracy with it's hipster atmosphere and so-laid-back-it's-almost-prone vibe.  And the coffee was good.  Nothing else matters to me about a coffee house if they can't make good coffee.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,6/25/2011,311,459,8,16,13>I really should explore not-so-attractive strip malls more because some of them have hidden gems like this one. After you are seated by the gracious hostess, you will have the challenging task of choosing from so many tempting dishes listed in the menu. The food is VERY flavorful, the curries really rich (watch for the heat, though; even "mild" packs a respectable kick), and the prices are great! Four and a half stars, probably going up to five with future visits.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,6/24/2011,189,498,8,16,11>This place has been on my to try list since before I knew what Yelp is.  I made it my choice when I won a football bet last fall.  Yes, I know football season has been over for a while but diets, cash flow and life in general, on both sides, made this dinner wait.  Suffice it to say the company was worth the wait.When we got there about 6:30 on Saturday the parking lot was packed and we were worried we would be stuck in the bar with our growling stomachs.  It turned out we were seated immediately although there were only a few tables open.We started with a half order of onion rings.  These are hand made in house and served with a really good dipping sauce.  Both the rings and the sauce reminded me of Lenny's (which got rid of their sauce and started buying frozen onion rings) only one notch higher.  We were both thinking ribs in a BBQ joint and she got the baby backs and I got the St Louis style spare ribs.  She got the fall off the bone she wanted and I got the slightly chewy I wanted.  Of the sauces I preferred the cajun which was only mildly hot, however the ribs were good enough they really didn't need much sauce.  We both ordered different sides so we could try many of them.  We liked them all but my favorites were the cole slaw and the macaroni and cheese.  The only soso item was the dinner roll but even there they are smart enough to serve soft butter.The service was attentive without being obtrusive the entire time.  Our waitress had the answers to all of our questions without having to go ask.Sort of an anomaly in the North West valley, you can arrive here between 7:30 and 8:30 and the place will be sort of quiet between the Sun City folks and the later night crowd and be seated right away.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2011,6/23/2011,2178,528,44,27,25>Best advice I can give you about Great Wall is to BYOA. Yep.I said it. Bring your own Asian. Thankfully our group of 10 had two. It was critical in navigating the ENORMOUS amounts of food and certainly critical in deciding which things the gringos could handle.Thumbs up to postickers, egg rolls, chow mein noodles, shui mai and other various dumplings. And a big phew for a tutorial on how to eat fresh shrimp. "Peel off the shell, suck out the brains and then eat the rest."Yep. This is where I swig down a cold Tsing TaoAnd the chickens feet. Oh for the love. The freakin' chicken feet. "Just suck off the skin and throw the foot back on the plate."Yep.BYOA! I'm telling ya.I had a BLAST. Carts were everywhere. Service was friendly and swift. Ten of us ate and ate and ate for $200 including tip. Oh. Also one of my Asian American diners informed me that the one man pushing the "porridge" cart only stops at the white people tables because the "porridge" is absolutely frightening to see. Sure enough. He stopped by our tables and scooted quickly by those tables full of Asians. I love a place with a sense of humor. Great food. Great fun. Great Wall.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,6/22/2011,121,311,9,9,8>If I'm craving Middle Eastern, this is where I go.  Like so many others have noted, moving to PHX made me realize how good I had it in Michigan with an abundance of solid choices for Middle Eastern food.The hummus rocks, as does the falafel sandwich, as do those little cheese pies!  It is all pretty reasonably priced, also.Other randomness:  They randomly take to-go orders when the manager isn't upset that someone did a no show on a previous to-go order.  They had a laminated menu for awhile, but other than that, there is just the giant sign to try and order from.  Love.  Go.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2010,5/19/2010,540,167,18,13,15>The Vig bribes me to write 5 star reviews... There, I said it. I'm a fraud. They bribe me with all kinds of shit. They bribe me with the best manager in town. *Thomas S is also amazing but he knows that...* Seriously, Pam is amazing. They are so lucky to have her. Tucker, the owner, bribed me by singing the sweetest sound I've ever heard: My name. He thanked me for being loyal. For being a fan of their brand. He explained their thoughts as they developed the place. Cool guy. Amazing spot. They bribe me with delicious food and beverage. Sure, I have to pay for it but, when it's this good, it feels free. They bribe me with douchebaggery. The people here are so full of themselves, AND I LOVE IT! When I was a younger man, I wanted to see and be seen. When I'm older, I'll want the same. But right now I'm cool to watch. Mostly, you guys are douche bags. It's true. But it's not a bad thing. You look good. You have nice cars. Own it.  They bribe me with "scene"... I always. EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I'M. THERE. KNOW. I'm in the right place. No place in town I'd rather be... They bribe me with lighting only "the gays" could appreciate. I'm gay, so it's ok. They bribe me with Bocce ball. I win. I lose. it's fun. Amber W is super mad at me for writing this review after only one visit. But I know the Vig. Uptown. Arcadia. Whatever. It's the place to be.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2009,5/18/2010,391,180,4,19,17>Il Posto has some really good aspects and it has some so-so aspects.The outside patio area is completely awesome. It's like you're sitting in a little Italian cafe, with one of the walls mocked up to look like the side of an old style European building. There are Christmas lights strung about in different locations, a small bar area, a lil fountain and some other cool decorations. It's worth a trip just to hang out in their decked out patio area, if only to have some drinks.The service was awesome. Our waiter was totally cool, friendly and accommodating. The fresh baked bread and oil with cheese dipping sauce was fantastic. Loved it.They had local beer (Kiltlifter) on tap for only $3 a pint. awesome.The salads and pasta entrees were just ok, which is the reason behind my 3 star rating. I just wasn't wowed by the main course. We'll definitely be back to try them again though, perhaps to sample their highly rated pizzas. I predict a review sequel in my future.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,5/17/2010,375,90,11,13,11>Things I learned last night:I love unpretentious yet quality service, in a relaxed atmosphere. (she was awesome)I don't like drinking ice water without a straw...yeah yeah, turn your nose up. (work on that) You can split a bottle of wine between 5 people. (please don't ever make me do that again)I have a new crush. (restaurants without windows)Rokerij is fast becoming a new favorite spot of mine. I went out on a limb and ordered the NY Steak, medium rare. It was fantastic. Not a huge fan of the green chilie twice baked potato thing but that's more of a personal taste issue. We all shared the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp and Calamari as appetizers. Both delicious; the sauce served with the Calamari tastes distinctively like Pei-Wei's sweet and sour, though that's not a bad thing. Desert was "Death by Chocolate". I had one bite. One bite was enough. Heavy and rich like fudge...not my thing.All in all a great dining experience. I will be back. Many....many times. They also happen to serve the full Richardson's menu, just the way I remember it. That made the whole table happy although the following is what seals the deal for me:* Sorry we do not provide high chairs or booster seats *yes, it's love.... without the constant arguing :)
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2010,5/16/2010,189,498,6,7,8>Went there yesterday to watch a postseason game with other Yelpers.  As far as watching TVs went, there wasn't a bad seat in the house.  For those that hate smoke there is a non smoking entrance in the back to the bar side but if you want to play pool or use the Men's room you still have to run the gauntlet of the smoking patio.  Speaking of the Men's room, I have seen worse but this one wasn't really kept up that well and it could use a mopping as my feet stuck to the floor by the urinal. They had plenty of good choices for beer on tap.  I was intending on a burger but table quantities of other stuff arrived.  The nachos were ok.  I don't normally care for hot wings because they are, well, hot.  These were grilled and while they left a slight after burn for me were really quite good.  I also had an onion ring, a potato skin and a cheese stick.  Good solid bar food without being Wow.  Service bounced between really good and "where did she go?".  They were out of stuff like iced tea, some brownies and some of the beers.  As a table we were buying enough drinks that those that mixed in glasses of water were not questioned.All in all a good solid neighborhood bar.
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,5/15/2010,391,272,17,10,9>Last night my friend came over to watch the Dexter season finale and we decided to pick up food from Defalco's.  We decided to each pick something and share.  I got the cheesesteak- brilliant.He got an egg salad sandwich- idiot.I was pissed I had to share with him.Seriously, never agree to share your cheesesteak.  It is just too good.   On a side note, their egg salad is just fine.  It's just not that good when you have all these flavors from a cheesesteak dancing around in your mouth.  Also, their sandwiches are larger than my head.  I have a big head, so that is saying a lot.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,5/14/2010,348,195,13,18,17>I love, love Scramble! I don't know what it is about the place! Is it the sleek and simple decor? Hmm, is it the friendly, attentive service? Is it the supa yum food? Perhaps all of the above make me a fan of this joint! I so love Scramble ( Did I say that already?). On my first visit, I was with Mr. Hottie and we were Harley geared out . The staff didn't bat an eyelash at our rough appearances. They were warm and welcoming. I had the traditional eggs Benedict. I thought it was very good! I washed it down with a cup of coffee and was ready to tackle the rest of my day! On my second visit I had the biscuits and gravy. WHAT a huge portion! I wasn't terribly impressed by the dish, however. I guess I expected a little more flavoring in the gravy, but overall, the dish was satisfying. My third visit had me munching on the spicy and tasty chorizo and egg burro with extra avocado. Mmm... I couldn't eat the whole burro. I ate almost half of it and took the rest home. Each time I visit Scramble I am impressed by the staff. There is a person on the floor at all times checking on people and making sure their food is ok. Considering this is a walk up and order type of place, it's a nice change to not be forgotten after you receive your food. I know that Scramble will be a regular breakfast stop for me. It's nice to see such a great place take a chance on Sunnyslope. I think they'll come out winners!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2010,5/13/2010,411,271,10,17,15>I was recently introduced to Scottsdale BBQ Co by fellow Yelpers who Know Their Food.  As I enjoyed my juicy burger that day, I knew two things to be true: 1) this place would make a great lunch spot for my perpetually hungry co-workers (guys like BBQ, what can I say?), and 2) I could not die happy without trying the tri tip sirloin sandwich.  So, back at the office I warned everyone to break out their "big stretchy pants" and get ready for a field trip to Fantastic BBQ Land.We piled in on a Friday ready to EAT.  Right off, everyone appreciated the down-home, no-frills feel, complete with a loud screen door, gingham tablecloths and the specials listed out on a chalkboard.  After chatting with the owner (who is super cool, by the way) we all ended up with either tri-tip sirloin or pulled pork sandwiches, all with the most amazing spicy BBQ sauce you will ever taste.I had the sirloin tri-tip I had been thinking about since my last visit.  So worth waiting for!  Huge - I couldn't finish it (and I really, really tried).  My side, of course, was mac n cheese which I promptly decorated with Tabasco.  Mac n cheese o' fire!  Others had baked beans, potato salad, mac n cheese sans tabasco (silly boys, afraid of the burn...), and caesar salad.  The caesar looked especially good, with nice slivers of parmesan gracing the top.  I stole a few.  Ok, more than a few... All in all, everyone walked out happy (and ready for a nap!).  It was a messy, good, 6-napkin per person experience.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,5/12/2010,1070,742,8,18,18>1/19/10Went in for my first salon coloring!  (2009 was the first time I had my hair lightened.)  Parking lot was empty, but it was raining hard, so I wasn't surprised... Besides me, I think there may have been only one other client, back in the coffee/tea room.  Again, not a big deal, since I don't like crowds.  After checking in for my appointment, I was invited to sit down in the waiting area.  I found the wait pleasant- the area was tidy and cozy, and the music peaceful.  If you like to rummage through books and magazines, or look at hair and body products (and whatever else you may find for sale at salons), you won't have to look very hard here!  You'll find something to keep your mind busy, but I like to take the time to de-stress.  The receptionist offered something to drink, which is always nice!After meeting up w/ my hairstylist/colorist, she showed me where to dress down to my comfort level and put on a robe.  Yes, it wasn't a plush robe, and it made me feel uncomfortable, as it wasn't very flattering, but no one was around to see me, anyway, so I didn't care :)  After finding my way back to my colorist, we discussed about the results I wanted to see and feel, and she then told me what procedures she would take me through and how long each phase would take.  I found her a good listener and felt comfortable that she knew what she was doing.  I'm not much for talking while at salons, and I sensed that she knew this, but when I would speak up and ask her questions, professionally and personally, she was open to talking, as well.   I found this refreshing, bec. I've met quite a few stylists throughout the years that act slighted or mad when I'd rather not talk...The results were fantastic!  My stylist didn't lie- the products she used made my hair very shiny and silky to the touch (some things that were lost due to the color-stripping), and the fact that it took awhile (from a few hours to a few days!) for others to realize that I had colored my hair back to brunette (I had caramel, blonde, and red high- and low- lights) is testimony that the coloring looks natural!  (Actually, the color she gave me is the darkest I've ever had my hair- darker than my natural haircolor.)  Many people did comment on how much weight I've lost, which isn't fact, so I attribute all the compliments to my darker hair :)Easier to access than Tempe's Moodswings (free parking!) and none of the snobbery one can find at other salons.  Less expensive than comparative salons, too!!  Friendly and knowledgeable staff, comforting and welcoming ambience... Give Spa Lamar a try!BTW, every first Wednesday of the month, Spa Lamar holds "Live at Lamar," a "happy hour" of sorts, from 6p to 9p there's live music, light apps (nothing fancy, just something from the grocery, I'm told), and perhaps cocktails.  MOST SIGNIFICANTLY, if you bring a friend who's never been to Spa Lamar, services are BUY ONE, GET ONE FREE!  That's right, you read correctly!  What are you doing this coming First Wednesday?  Hmm... I'm not sure, but I think something quite special is on the calendar...  Guess I'll catch this Spa Lamar special NEXT month!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,5/11/2010,236,133,26,24,23>Who can take a sunriseSprinkle it in dewCover it in chocolate and a miracle or two?Smeeks!Let me get this out of the way. There are two things that Smeeks is missing: A bike rack and Sammy Davis Jr.  The first should really be unforgiveable, especially for a hipster, indie, shopping mecca such as this corner is, but I will distribute blame to all of the shops and take in to consideration that they let me park my bike inside for a recent writing workshop I attended there and let it slide this once. As for item number two...well since he died of throat cancer in 1990 we will let that one go as well.I went for a writing workshop after hours, last night. The workshop was based on writing about memories and they had a table loaded with chocolates, gummies, malt balls, candy cigarettes, button candy, any kind of treat to spur sweet memories so I had a chance to sample a wide variety of goods.I have also been in to Smeeks several times on my own so this review is by no means based solely on a candy catered, one-night, sugar-rush.Smeeks is adorable, it's charming, it's old-school but not geriatric. If personified it would be that fun yet classy older lady who you are surprised to find yourself fantasizing about.My sweet tooth took over last night; it became Hyde to my dieting Jekyll, but "He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man." so I gave in to temptation. I let my fingers gently grip ball after ball of smooth, thick chocolate covering the light crunch of malt. I tongued the candy cigarettes and let one dangle from my mouth doing my best James Dean pout. I sucked the chocolate from chocolate covered marshmallows followed by the sensation of the sugary delight disolving in my mouth. I was a kid in a candy store.Smeeks is full of the hard to find. Each member of the group last night and each person i have ever entered the store with has found a candy that made them light up with recognition as they  rattled on about whatever childhood memory it had spurred, despite the fact I have never heard of most of them.Let us not forget the novelties. Small toys, trinkets and a wall of bacon products. Not flavored, more of a wall for the worshipers of bacon. i wallet made to look like it is made from bacon, bacon magnets, notepads, bacon everything.Based on early reviews it sounds like Smeeks got a rough start, but as Yelpers we have to love a place that does it right; a place that takes the issues of the people and listens then in turn improving until they are the 5 star establishment that they are today.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,5/10/2010,231,476,4,5,5>One of the managers at my job decided to treat us to Flo's for lunch yesterday. I practically did cartwheels in my aisle because a) I was determined to eat out on my Friday and b) I love Flo's. I can't recall if anything I have eaten there was subpar. I ordered the Pepper Bacon Shrimp which is mixed with tomatos, cabbage, and bacon. With this you can choose between white or brown rice, and it comes with their house salad. The dressing is spicy and unique. They also bring out wontons with a sweet and sour sauce. Between those and my affinity for chips and salsa, I will never have a six pack. Anyhoo, service there is speedy without you feeling rushed. That place runs like a well-oiled machine. It is nice when you go during your lunch hour because you are in and out within the hour, usually. My husband says their Mongolian Beef is the best he has ever had and since he comes from the Seattle with plenty of Asian food, I believe him. There lunches are on average $7-9. Not bad considering the amount of food you get. I can usually make a second meal with my leftovers. I wish they would bring a Flo's down to Central Phoenix so I could have it more often.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,5/29/2012,311,459,9,19,16>This beautiful preserve in located in the middle of one of Gilbert's extensively developed residential areas and is designed to be both a wildlife sanctuary and a groundwater recharging area.  It's a great place to hike, bike, or just stroll and enjoy the tranquility and the beauty of nature. A trail system loops around Water Ranch Lake and seven ponds, and the availability of water results in the maintenance of a more lush vegetative community than you would expect in this region. The lake, ponds, and abundance of vegetation also provide habitat for a lot of wildlife, and indeed this is a bird watcher's paradise. There are picnic areas and restrooms, and children can play in the play area or dig for "fossils" in the Dino Dig area. My friend and I are thankful that the preserve allows dogs (as long as they are on a leash) and even provides "mutt mitts" for cleaning up.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,5/28/2012,744,637,9,18,14>It's humorous to read other reviewers issues with the service at Thai'd Up, as when we went this evening, and we thought the service was fabulous. My friend John G. and I shared the Crispy Tofu appetizer, Panang Curry and Spicy Drunken noodles. All were superb! I love the hot chili paste which I added to my dishes. The Drunken Noodles was fierce! I have never had anything so peppery, but yet so clean tasting. Delicious! Our bill came to $40 which I thought was a good value considering we had two entrees, 2 bowls of rice, an appetizer, Thai tea and 2 coconut ice cream. To top it all of, we received a 10% Yelp discount! So be sure to check-in if you have a smart phone. What makes this eatery particularly special is its proximity to the light rail. Great location, great value and great service. Highly recommended.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,5/27/2012,1070,742,11,15,14>4/18/12Very, very good late lunch/early dinner meal for me, and it all started with a classic mojito.  Not the Garden mojito on the specialty cocktails menu that has cucumber in it (allergy).  Just a mojito made from a well rum, in this case Bacardi.  yelp.com/biz_photos/k1Qp…  $6 during happy hour.  And it's a good one!  Fresh, muddled mint, a bit of lime juice, a spritz of ginger ale, sugar, and rum.  Initially I thought it a bit too sweet (from the ginger ale, instead of carbonated soda) but perhaps the alcohol content had something to do with my change of mind... :)I was considering a bruschetta plate with two cheeses, but decided against it when I had a look at the dessert menu.  Nope, I'm just going to have a small plate of Pesto chitarra ($10) and perhaps the cherry zeppole later.  I have to tell you, I've been dreaming about this pasta dish for years, since the first time I saw another Yelper post a picture of it somewhere.  Years!!  And today's dish did not disappoint.  No, not at all.  You'd think after a few years' buildup on how spectacular this plate looks, I might not enjoy it so much, but I was happy with it.  Yep, I'm just going to come out and say it-- I ate the whole thing!  Every "guitar" string, all the grape tomato halves (which, honestly, wasn't hard to do, since there were only two whole pieces to speak of), each and every grated parmesan-coated pine nut, and all of the pesto sauce. I may have left some charred bits of the toasted focaccia bread on the plate, but what wasn't charred I used to sop up all of that pesto-infused EVOO.  The entire entree was off the hook!  yelp.com/biz_photos/k1Qp…  Now, this is where any practical and health-conscious person would say, "Ok, I've had enough.  I can't eat another bite."  But, I can't be practical.  Not when I'm half-way through my mojito!  So, I went ahead and ordered the zeppole ($6.50), and it took more than a few minutes to arrive, but I wasn't in a hurry.  When the six little Italian puffs of sugar-coated fresh-fried dough arrived, accompanied by two small pots of almond crema and Maker's Mark bourbon mascarpone, I knew I was in for a treat!  yelp.com/biz_photos/k1Qp…  Even before I took a bite, I could detect the scent of cherries that were inside the fried moulds of dough, some of which you could see peeking through the sparkling sugar crystals.  And yes, I ate all six of them, and all of the almond crema.  There was no doubt that the mascarpone contained bourbon- it's pretty strong, and I didn't mind it, not at all, especially when you combine it with the almond, but had I known just how much i'd enjoy the almond crema, I'd have them give me two pots of it, instead of the mascarpone.  Now I know.4.25 stars.  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,5/26/2012,327,204,17,23,14>Food baby alert!Finally there are Puerto Rican restaurants popping up in Phoenix! It's about time! If you've never had PR food, it can be best described as stick-to-your-ribs Caribbean inspired dishes (with lots of pork and plantains). You better like garlic and onions, and you better not be afraid of eating fried food. If you have those bases covered, you're all set for some good eatin'! *Side note: Everything seems made to order, so be a little patient while it cooks! =) *I personally got the chulettas fritas(fried pork chops), and they were on point with what I would expect! The red beans and rice that came with my chops though were what I couldn't get enough of! The creamy red beans with chunks of potatoes went so well with the rice.. I could have eaten a tub of it! Their mofongo also blew me away! Mofongo is made with mashed plantains, and the serving is hearty! Imagine chunky mashed potatoes with a few fried pieces mashed up in there for texture, and you might start getting an idea. Oh, and like I said before, be sure that you like garlic! The mofongo is loaded with it! Each bite has powerful garlic flavor (maybe wait to take a date here until you know them a little better...haha).I tip my imaginary hat off to El New Yorican! I will definitely be back!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/25/2012,890,308,10,15,14>[Happy Hour Review]+ 3-6:30PM+ $2 or $2.50 [What??! you ask!] I know, right.+ THE Catch: PRICE PER ITEMWhat has been ORDERED:+ Parmesan Fries with Aioli - $2, Very share-able, comes in a basket, seasoned well and crispy+ Oyster - $2, fresh fresh fresh, comes with lemon, cocktail sauce and hot sauce+ White Shrimp - $2.50 each, more-less mediocre+ Half Market Soup - $2, the great thing about their soup is its really simple yet excellent in taste, had Onion Soup and Mushroom Soup on 2 separate occasions+ Roast Beef Slider - $2, thinly sliced meat, cooked nicely with soft buns and delicious sauce+ Regular Slider - $2, nicely cooked patty, with soft bunsWine - Red, White, Bubbles - $5 per glassThere's a handful of cocktail drinks for $5I recommend sitting at the bar if you want quicker service.  The Happy Hour specials are offered in the Patio area as well.  Just about every time I stop by, there's always room to sit.  Bartenders are friendly and attentive.  For the elegant and vintage-style that offers cheap bites, its a no brainer that Modern Steak does it the BEST.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/24/2012,367,306,5,8,8>I cannot believe I have forgotten to review BLD!I am definitely a regular here. I'll start with Breakfast...My boyfriend and I eat here at least once a week for breakfast. He always orders the Green Chili Tostada and the few bites I've had were delicious!! I have ordered many things...the open faced sandwich is delightful, the waffle has bacon in the middle, the short rib eggs bene and the breakfast burrito. I normally go back to the waffle because it is so good! I don't normally eats sweets but the bacon with syrup is prefect and for $5 (if you order the waffle as a side) is a great deal!Lunch is another time of day you can find me at BLD. I love taking clients there and the food is always spot on. You must get the Prosciutto & Fried Goat Cheese salad. SOOOO GOOD! I can't really order anything else...Happy Hour is one of the best around. Great prices with unique food options (no chicken wings and potato skins here). Get the Ahi (See pic). Trust me!Had dinner here the other night and our server suggested the Braised Short Rib Pasta. It was unbelievable in a prefect Pesto sauce (see pic).The patio is beautiful and allows dogs. They actually have a dog dinner availble for your pooch.GO HERE ANYTIME. You won't regret it and say "hi", I'll probably be there.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,5/23/2012,463,250,5,15,6>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):9 Food8 *Drinks*9 Service9 Atmosphere8 ValueThe bugs in the service that I experienced early on seem to have all been worked out and the service is now some of the best around.  They also now have buckets of ice for the mimosa champagne. *fist pump*They still don't describe some of their menu items quite well enough (which can be a serious issue for vegetarians and vegans).  But the menu has also been expanded to the point where frankly it's a little too long -- though I will forgive that because the brunch menu is just right and they added a delicious pretzel bread appetizer.  Skip the tomato jam; the cheese sauce is all you need (though the honey mustard is good too).They also really kick it up a notch with lots of different happy hours (depends on the day) and other specials.  I liked it before, but they've only improved since they opened.And the location is going to get a big upgrade next year when the planned 330 apartments across the street get built!(pssst: try the mac & cheese)
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,5/22/2012,2178,528,28,23,21>In my best Charlie Sheen, "Windsor. Winner. Windsor. Winner!"I had the MOST attentive service from our greeting at the door, to our seating in back, to our beverage service...ooops, then a small lapse in service...no biggie I was enjoying the vibe and the ambience.Ordered the Double Dip...sadly the name reminded me of my buddies in college when they would chew tobacco, sometimes they would "double dip"....gross I know. The concept of this dip is a cobb salad made into a dip served with a chipotle salsa (didn't get much smoky chipotle flavor however...which is fine since my little petite self is sensitive to spicy food...I mean my mom would serve potato chips and ketchup and called it chips and salsa...but I digress). I would order the dip again, but I have to say it really tasted just like egg salad. And fortunately I loves me some egg salad!My rueben sandwich was OUTSTANDING and I chose a side of mac n cheese which was total bliss (NOT plugging a restaurant downtown btw)....that was the word I said as cheese and a chunk of elbow macaroni slid down my chin. Pleasant, I know. My friend was doing the Meg Ryan orgasm scene as he enjoyed his bbq pulled chicken sandwich. I'm sure we looked ridiculous. But we were ridiculously happy. Welcome to the neighborhood Windsor. Let's totally hang out more often!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,5/21/2012,411,271,9,15,15>Mmmmm...  garlic!A recent Sunday afternoon found us wandering around the Scottsdale Quarter.  It was around 3pm, and many of the restaurants were in the lull between lunch and dinner - a great opportunity to try the newest Grimaldi's location without a crowd.  It is no secret that I am a fan of pizza.  While I am typically a 'pepperoni and mushroom' kind of girl, having visited the Grimaldi's DC Ranch location I knew exactly what to get - the White with Garlic pizza.  It is a simple sauceless combination of flavorful cheese and garlic.  Lots of garlic.  And that is a good thing.We ordered the large, which proved to be much bigger than expected - it nearly covered the entire high-top bar table, making it interesting to juggle plates, pizza, wine (house Montepulciano) and water glasses.  Hey, there are worse problems to have!I look forward to enjoying more of that coal-fired garlicy goodness soon!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,5/20/2012,242,266,11,18,15>It's been almost a year since my last review and thought it was time to share an update with my fellow Yelpers :^)======Smoky Goodness Alert========Be prepared to smell smoky goodness upon entry of Pork on a Fork!!  It is highly addictive in intoxicating, so dinners beware!  Pork on a Fork has the BEST PULLED PORK sandwich in Phoenix and maybe even the best in the entire Universe!!  Sure their might be a few other places that have better BBQ Ribs, Brisket and/or Smoked Sausages, but Pork on a Fork is as good or better than most at these and the are the BEST at Pulled Pork!  You can not beat their Pulled Pork Sandwich, which is HUMONGOUS~ almost enough for two people!  It's so moist, tender and with a nice aroma of smokiness you'll want it for for yourself! It comes with two sides.  I recommend their tasty seasoned waffle fries and their BBQ Beans!  These BBQ Beans are cooked in Heaven ~ sent by angels down to earth and given to Pork on a Fork to sell to their customers!  :^)  Well, maybe that's a stretch but their BBQ Beans are soooo tasty full of bacon and brisket burnt ends with a great balance of seasoning. If you have tried Pork on the Fork yet, you don't know what you're missing.  Once you've tried them for lunch, you'll find yourself wanting more and caan't wait for your next visit!  I hope to see you there.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/5/2014,175,392,7,9,8>Holy hell, FANTASTIC!!! I'm NOT a doughnut guy, but thought I'd treat my team to some goodies on a friday. The whole concept is super customizable doughnuts. You walk in, and they usualy have order forms (today, it was just pen and paper) and you can choose pre selected creations or create your own with tons of glazes and toppings to choose from. I got a dozen alrady selected types, to make it easy. Truthfully ,they all looked great. They literally fry, then dip, then top  your doughnut fresh! YOu hand your list to the next doughnut person adn they get to work. it's pretty impressive. I got random ones that incliuded strawberry shortcake (strawberry glaze with graham cracker crumbs), Maple with Bacon, Prunellas Classic (awesome mixed berry glaze with powdered sugar), Smores (marshmallow glaze, chocolate chips and graham cracker crumbs) etc. They all looked great, and the ones I had were the two best doughnuts I've ever had. Hands down. Now it's a bit pricey ($16 per dozen) but WELL worth it. GREAT DOUGHNUTS!!!!!
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,7/4/2014,188,287,3,16,12>I can't shut up about this place!I had seen Copper City Bourbon around, but had not yet tried it. Rodney was at the Yelp Downtown Revival party - I was bummed the bourbon was all gone by the time I got to him, and all he had going was the gin. Not a gin fan at all, he sensed my disappointment and pulled a smaller bottle of whiskey out for me to try.It.Was.Amazing!!!And - not available in stores - to get it, I'd have to go to the distillery in Tempe.I did that (with Robyn N.) on Saturday after a huge and wonderful lunch - and am so happy I did!The place is a bit confusing to get to - I'd suggest calling first and asking directions. We really weren't sure we were in the right place.We met up with Jason, Rodney's partner and the master distiller.The bourbon is good. Really good. But that whiskey - WOW! And - get this! Not only is it distilled here, but the wheat is grown near Casa Grande! Totally AZ business! I've been telling everyone at work, all my friends (in person, on phone and Facebook) about this stuff. I've invited people over to my place to taste it. It really is THAT GOOD!Super nice guys, with a great product! (Oh, and I hear the gin is good, too!)Jason tells us they are hoping to expand and take over the little complex they're in. When this happens, not only do I hope they'll open it for parties, I'd LOVE to see a Yelp event here!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,7/3/2014,205,441,6,11,11>Why, oh why, did we wait a whole year into moving here before trying out this place? You mean we could have been eating here for a WHOLE year by now?? Well, on the up side we did end up eating here and fell in love. We were directed this way via Yelp (of course) and the high volume of positive reviews - which obviously weren't lyin'. Knowing we wanted to try somewhere new, and diligently trying to check places off of our ever growing "bookmark" lists, this place popped up since we were at the Paradise Valley Mall, which is conveniently right across the street. Parked the car, and headed around the corner to the front entry way. Once inside the place oozed ambiance and the decor went from classy, high-end styled seats, to folksy art pig paintings on the wall and Edison-esque lighting. We  were ushered to a half booth, half high-top table spot close to the bar and our waitress (and her amazing trainee for the evening) greeted us pretty instantly. Menus were handed over and briefly explained. We were lucky enough to hit them for happy hour - which is seven, yes SEVEN, days a week! Whoo! That's a big win for us since during the work week it's difficult for me to get out of work in time for most happy hour offerings.When our waitress and trainee returned to the table, we explained that we were total noobs to this whole gig and she quickly offered up suggestions from apps, to drinks, to happy hour "must-try" small bites. We opted for the truffled deviled eggs app, my drink was the The Petey, his was a standard rum and coke, a so-called "small" plate of honey rosemary dipped fried chicken, a spit-roasted pork taco, and finally, a beef shoulder taco...all of the food was on the $5/each happy hour menu! I mean...it's $5...Eggs = holy cow, best deviled eggs...ever. The salty-bacon bits inside of the delectable truffle mix filling was unreal good. My drink came as a recommendation from the waitress and it was an amazing blend of refreshing citrus and mint along with a touch of tart grapefruit vodka and agave. The fried chicken and tacos, while supposedly "small" plates, were full on meals in and of themselves. The chicken was two full-sized large tenders smothered in what I can only say is honey sauce from heaven. The tacos were stuffed to the brim with meat and toppings. The pork and steak were done perfectly and the toppings, while plentiful, weren't added on to the point of being distracting from the meat, which is the point of a taco...am I right??Finally - and go ahead and judge our gluttony here, cause we are totally NOT regretful at all on this - we had TWO desserts, cause, we really honestly could not decide on just one. We went for the bananas foster beignets and the truffle chocolate cake. Seriously tell me you could pick just one of those...go ahead...I'll wait....Once they arrived, we did for half of a second regret ordering two cause these babies were ginormous offerings of dessert, for an extremely reasonable price point. The chocolate was my fave, but I'm a chocolate lover. That being said, if we had only ordered the banana dessert, I would have been completely happy.Overall: A+A-wait for it-mazing food. Great service from start to finish. Strong drinks. Happy hour ALL week long with great prices. BAM! We'll be back, no question there.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,7/2/2014,154,268,5,11,7>Arguably the most beautiful views in the area. An incredible hike for the experienced hiker: don't forget water and great shoes. Gloves wouldn't hurt - you'll have to use your hands in a few spots. It gets slippery and there's some boulder hopping. There is a large parking lot with a bathroom and water fountain, now. However, after being closed for a long parking lot rebuild and path upgrade, it reopened Wednesday and it's insanely busy. There was a line to park in the middle of the day on a Thursday, so weekends might be mobbed. It's breathtakingly beautiful hiking, but it's a tough course so if you're new to hiking, do yourself a favor and save this one for later.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,7/1/2014,240,212,9,11,9>Normally I am not a fan of 'the hipster burger joints', but in this case I was and there was a plethora of reasons to like. First off the bat is the fact that they have a very limited menu. Some people doesn't like this, I love it. If you want pasta, then go somewhere else. Want more beer options? Go to a bar. Doesn't want Chloe as a server, well I then loathe your very existence.So from this limited menu, that is clearly dissected, analyzed and reassembled, I made a mistake. I ordered the Paris, Texas Burger WITHOUT asking it on a English muffin. I should have. I just should have. Paris, Texas BurgerThe burger sure was fall apart tender. At the same time as the tenderness is a quality sign, it also make me look like a fool while trying hard to devour it. Innocently presented, but sneaky like a sloppy Joe. I gave up on eating it American style (that's with your hand people).. and resorted changing strategy to one with a fork. The flavors were there, but I would have chosen a different kind of cheddar, or maybe even go with a different kind of cheese (then again I am a stickler with consistency) and the pancetta  - it was freakishly awesome, was perfect as a burger topping and it came in profusion. What I didn't like was the bun. With that tender meat, the bun needs to be supportive, like a good friend during an intervention - not just pretty on the surface.The name of the burger doesn't make no sense at all. What is the Paris representative part? Was it that the bun was ready for an open relationship? Fresh shattered potato chipsThis is the last thing that I need, but this is one thing that I will doubtlessly come back for. It looks like a sliced deep fried potato, but balances on that thin edge of awesomely crunchy before it would turn overdone. With this served Lebni which sounds like a east-european car brand, but isn't. Salt and pepper does the trick, but I would love to see a drop of fresh chipotle in there. Or the garlic-cucumber route to put a Greek spin on it. I'd also rename it 'devilishly specious potato'.BeerWhile analyzing the beer choices, I couldn't agree more that the choices on the menu will suit most people thus make all sense to go that route. Again I love the decision to stay small, local & popular. Homemade ice cream sandwichThe choice of dessert is a an ice cream sandwich, with a scoop of peanut butter gelato as the buffer in this sweet menage a trois. I didn't like it - probably because peanut butter is not a dessert flavor to me. It's as deceitful as those parents that call raisins candy. It's lies. Overall Ingo's did deliver. I didn't get to try the egg salad, that seems to suit everyone that had it. My hat is off for Mr Ruggiero, he knows what he has going here. And the service I assume was great, I know I couldn't have had a more informative and attentive server. Another reason why anyone would return.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,6/30/2014,480,556,18,16,12>My cat can be a lovey little cuddle bug or a huge asshole. When it comes time for me to comb him or trim his nails he makes it his goal to inflict pain and injury, and I want to kick him to the curb .  But he never seems to do that with others.  So in looking for a groomer that would come to me and my sometimes ferocious 14lb cat, I called Pat at Cat Groomer 602.  She asked me to prepare a restroom, with enough room for her folding table and room for her to move easily.  She arrived early and set up quickly.  I took my ball of fur into the bathroom, introduced him to Pat and closed the door behind me.  He was nervous and so was I.  I had 911 on speed dial in case he went for her jugular.  I heard some soft coos from Pat as she talked to him calmly.  I could hear his nervous meows.  At one point I look toward the restroom door and see a wet little paw and furry wet arm stick out from under the door crying to escape.   She managed to finish, he was cleaner and his coat thinner and lighter.  While it wasn't as as much fur removed from his furry pants as I would have liked, I didn't hold it against her.  She cleaned up behind herself and left my little guy a little homemade catnip toy.  Even after all his drama that I heard from him while being groomed, he was pretty chill and relaxed after all was said and done.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/29/2014,129,420,12,7,7>Yes, I am giving 5 stars to a coffee shop with a name and concept that sounds like a cheesy early '90s skinamax flick.  I could be embarrassed by how much I actually enjoyed Bikini Beans Espresso, but why should I be?  I didn't just like the place because I am a dirty nearly middle aged man.  I liked it because it excels at its concept and actually serves up a good cup of coffee as well.I stopped by Bikini Beans for a few reasons:1.  I wanted a caffeinated beverage.  Seriously; that's #1.2.  It wasn't that far out of my way.3.  But I probably would have gone out of my way because I wanted to be able to say that I bought a cup of coffee from a sex-presso shop at least once in my life.  We all need goals.Hey.  I'm 34 years old, married, and have a baby on the way.  Getting served coffee by an attractive young girl who's wearing a minimal amount of clothing is probably about as adventurous as I am going to get for a very long time.  The three baristas who were working Thursday afternoon were all lovely in every way.  If the coffee isn't enough of a pick-me-up, than at least they are.  The well placed drive-thru window is big, clear, and low allowing me to be a not-so-subtle perv.  It more-or-less forced me to check the girls out while they brewed the coffee.  The girls were also very personable.  They engaged me in small talk the whole time I was waiting for that my drink.  They even seemed like they were genuinely interested in what I was saying.  Asking me to try my drink and getting my opinion of it before I drove off was also a nice flirtatious touch.I guess you may be interested in what I thought about that drink.  I had a B Cup of Mocha Frappe.  Not only could I make a lot of dirty sounding similes about holding on to a creamy mocha b cup, but It was delicious.  At $4.25 for 16 ounces, the price is on par with any chain coffee shop.There's just some barely PG-13 t-and-a going on at Bikini Beans.  Nothing offensive or sleazy.  Just some easy on the eye girls wearing tight and tiny 2-pieces instead of aprons and polo shirts.  If you're near downtown Phoenix and in need of some coffee you may as well live a little and give this shop a try.  Bikini Beans is pretty much the same as Starbucks but a heck of a lot more fun.
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,6/28/2014,795,565,7,18,9>Wandering Horse isn't the cheapest buffet around, but OMG what a buffet it is.I can sum it up in all up in five words:All you can eat steak.And not crappy shoe leather steak--delicious mini kobe or other steaks, as much as you want, pile it high.And you can do the same with the chicken, the fish and shrimp, the pork and crab legs, the Mexican food, the Asian food, salad, veggies, and tons of different kinds of desserts but. . .The steak--endless steak, tasty, tender steak, eat until you pop steak.  Just go back and get moreWalk into the casino, head in, pay once. and let the beef commence.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/27/2014,564,153,11,21,16>I always enjoy coming to the Market Cafe.  The staff is always really friendly and I love how they have happy hour every day from 3-close.  HH includes $5 pitchers of beer and $5 cocktails.  Last night was the first time I had dinner at the Cafe.  Normally when I come it is either for HH or for breakfast.  Well I had the Rachel sandwich that had coleslaw, sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, house dressing, melted on sourdough. WOW, that sandwich was amazing.  I'm glad I finally had dinner here.  I definitely be coming back to try something different.  Also my favorite cocktail drink is the Lee Trevino and my favorite breakfast item is The Rooster Booster.  If you have not been to the Phoenix Public Market Café you are totally missing out.  So, when you are in the downtown area and wanting something to eat or drink.  You should totally come here.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,6/26/2014,97,74,7,13,8>I had physical therapy for 4 weeks straight in the same business complex as The Henry. But it didn't open until my third week. So, to celebrate my final session, my mom and I went over there for a late lunch. This place, at least that day, pretty much embodied a healthy cross-section of Arcadia residents. First off, it was really crowded with, I'm betting, people who are Sam Fox loyalists. To avoid a wait for a table, we agreed to sit at a communal table. We ended up next to a group of five. They looked like they had just gone hiking or the two 30-something sisters went to yoga and the rest did something healthy and active. The patriarch in the group was going gaga because he had seen Sam Fox himself on his way inside and got up the nerve to say "How's it going Sam?" LOL. There were also a lot of well-dressed business people even though it was that slow week between Christmas Day and New Year's. There were also a lot of people with groups of kids--all well-dressed but a bit hyper of course.I really like the decor set-up. It's very modern but industrial. There's a bicycle on the staircase that's behind the coffee bar area but not sure if it's someone's actual bike they use or it's there to give urban "street cred." You can go in just for the coffee bar that offers pressed juices. As for the food, I was really impressed by the cheddar popovers with the smoked ham butter. They were so airy. I felt like they didn't fill me too much before my warm salmon salad arrived. That salad is probably the best healthy option. I couldn't believe how they combined pretty much every vegetable you hate as a child--cauliflower and brussel sprouts --but made it really flavorful. The salmon was cooked just right. So many times, restaurants screw up salmon. My mother had the C.B. and rye (housemade corn beef). The corn beef was tender but they really pile it on. It's a big sandwich. It keeps well for leftovers the next day, which you might need. Considering the crowd of people who are very trendy and the wait, I may let some time pass before I eat there again unless it's on my way to another destination. But overall, I'd take someone here. There's a big enough parking lot that you don't have to do the valet.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,10/9/2012,122,147,,12,4>The anticipation for a new breakfast place downtown has delivered. My favorite aspect is right in the name and it all comes down to the vegetables. It's a nice open space as well the full service patio. Squash blossoms fits right into downtown including all the artwork on the walls for sale. The variety of food is what impresses me. They serve breakfast and lunch as well as a coffee  & smoothie bar.I like the warm colors of the atmosphere as it'll be a great spot to grab breakfast after shopping at the farmers market.The egg and veggie scramble was very tasty.  Lots of onions, bell pepper, potatoes and tons of seasoning.  It was served with a slice of watermelon and a tidbit of carrot cake muffin.  I opted for the turkey sausage that's made in house as well.This will be a continual staple for me as it's walking distance.  Can't wait for the full opening next week!
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,10/8/2012,752,378,5,15,7>In honor of local business and my love of  a good pastry shop , here is the info on No Phoenix's newest delight.   Cute and thoughtful decorated with a glass window to watch chocolates being made this is a special place. Yahoo and Hurray ! I am thrilled to have a bakery that is tasty , homey and has great lunch tarts, salads,sandwiches and coffee!  Located near ASU west just north of Thunderbird , this quaint mom and pop bakery has the elements of a being a local haunt.Owners Pat and Tony Rayner have loads of chocolateriering and  baking experience and their display case shows it. Filled with tasty cookie bars, filled chocolates ( chocolate with goat cheese ? Yes please! ), pain au chocolate, big cookies and tarts .This is like a great back east bakery , And  the goodies are fresh and taste like the way you'd make it if you could . Did I mention they also have one of my downfalls  chocolate covered macaroons? It's so yummy! Prices are reasonable ,and the macarons are only a buck! Now if that weren't enough they also have sandwiches and tarts that seemed European , maybe because Tony is was formerly a British baker? Lunch time treat ? Try the one of the salads with goat cheese and walnuts....mmmm.  Food can be take out or stop and eat at their sweet little tables. Looks like they are well equipped for coffees, smoothies and other breakfast nicieties too.  Close to my work it  may become my new favorite.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/7/2012,655,756,5,7,5>Just like a lot of other people, I wanted to try this place out since I seen them on Man vs Food! Now they are on the Best Sandwich in America contest, I really wanted to see what this place was all about! I went there during my lunch hour, 1st thing is they got me in and out of there really fast! Service was very fast and very courteous. The only thing I did not like was when it got slow, all of the girls who works there, had nothing to do. So they all huddled together and started to chat! I pretty sure management would rather have them use their time better. I ordered their Reyes torta! Only because this was their iconic sandwich, it was pretty good! But for me it was just to much ingredients! I want to go back and just try a simple one item torta! The Reyes has beef, pork, ham, chorizo, eggs, hot dogs, etc.., I can just go on forever! Again, it was a good sandwich, but I am more of a simple sandwich person. Their salsa for their chips were awesome! Nothing I had before, great taste, with a little fire! I'll let you know how my second visit go's! But yes! If you have not tried this place, it's a must visit place!!
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,10/6/2012,67,97,3,8,4>Nice little sushi joint tucked away into a recessed corner of this strip mall. I went on a weeknight and it was almost full (a good sign). I was very hungry so I ordered one of those sushi combo's we often see on menu's these days.I was still a little uncertain if it would all fill me up. I was full before I even got to my tuna roll.  The roll was fantastic by the way. It had a generous portion of tuna as opposed to some tuna rolls I have had at  Sushi restaurants where the tuna is no thicker than a pencil (90% rice - 10% tuna). Sushi Ko's roll was more like 60% rice and 40% tuna. The service was very fast and friendly but not overbearing. I will be back.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/5/2012,87,73,10,8,8>The reviews are true: FnB serves top-notch fare to nourish your body and soul. Can you say leek gratin? It's pronounced "goo-eee dee-lish-ish-ness". As in 'heaven'. As in, did I mention it was topped with a perfectly poached (local, organic) egg?The space is itty bitty, but the ambiance is intimate and effortlessly charming (kind of un-Scottsdale, do I dare say?). Do yourself a favor: make a reservation. They were totally booked when I visited around 8 pm on a Wednesday night.With a focus on AZ wines and locally sourced ingredients, this would be a great spot to bring out-of-town guests or potential in-laws you'd like to impress with your sustainable eating habits and sophisticated palate. Just make sure that if the in-law thing doesn't work out, then you get dibs on this place after the break-up. It's really too small to run into an ex without things getting awkward.Speaking of awkward, our server described in a detailed and faintly condescending lecture EVERY SINGLE ITEM ON THE MENU. It felt like an episode of Portlandia. I did not ask if he knew the chicken's name or how it got along with the other chickens, but it took all of my willpower. All of it. Which means I had no willpower left to resist eating more than my fair share of leek heaven. Or dessert. Pronounced "yum yum yum".I do love the locavore concept and the thoughtfulness behind the food. And I plan to return, even if a lengthy lecture is part of the menu.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/4/2012,156,102,6,16,10>I live on Mill and I've watched the changes over the course of 10 years. It's refreshing that Tempe has continued to develop a more diverse crowd these days. I couldn't be more excited about The Handlebar opening up and had high expectations, considering it's sister restaurants on Mill (La Bocca and Canteen) always deliver!Everything from the music selection down to the 3 different types of wood used to warm up the interior space, I forgot that I was not in a hip German pub but in fact, downtown Tempe. Almost every exterior wall is a garage door that opens up to bar seating from the outside - love it.Although World of Beer is a block away, the beer selection and atmosphere at The Handlebar reign supreme. I'm looking forward to trying more of the brats and pretzels with a wide selection of beers (hello.... Celebrator Doppelbock)! There are even beer cocktails on the menu!What I'm most excited about, is that the level of music will not change all night, yet they'll still be open until 2am! If you frequent Mill Ave, you'll know that around 10pm the vibe at most places change. The DJs step in and blare club music. I don't mind it some of the time, but I'll most likely find myself on the patio of this pet friendly, bike friendly bar and grill.Congrats Mill Ave, you got yourself a winner!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,10/3/2012,254,406,7,13,9>Fez was always one of my favorite places to get drinks in Central Phoenix before I moved, and my recent visit to Fez confirmed it is still as great as ever.Their signature pomegranate margaritas are amazing, as always.  And, at only $3.50 or so per margarita for Happy Hour, you cannot go wrong.  I tried their Fez burger for the first time this past weekend.  At least, I think it was the first time.  So many of my Fez nights seem to run together courtesy of those Pom margaritas!  I have to admit, I was much fonder of the sweet potato fries than I was of the burger.  The patty was very dry and flavorless.  The bread was a bit chewy.  Still, I managed to eat most of it.  Boy, I must have been hungry (or drunk, let's face it).I love Fez for get-togethers.  I've been here for brunch and have had a blast here then, as well.  I seem to remember my brunch food being amazing, but maybe it was because of my cute waiter.  I digress...So, Yelpers, what do you say about a Fez UYE?  Happy hour one Saturday afternoon?  Who is in?!
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,10/2/2012,228,749,5,10,7>My mom picked this place for her birthday lunch.  We drove 50 mins (1 way).  It was a little place stuck in a strip mall.  We were greeted right away.  The staff was super friendly.  Before we ordered, the server brought waters and these yellow soups.  I have never seen yellow soup before, so like a little kid, MOM - What is this???  She told me it was a corn congee-like soup.  It was tasteless but then I found it you put sugar it in.  Ah, I just I am a Northern Style Chinese food newbie.  Since I have no idea, I left it up to my parents to order the food.  Beef Pies - Excellent!!!  Very tasty and yummy.Pork Potstickers -  Freshly made and cooked.  These are very good.  But found out Northern style, you do not use soy sauce for dipping sauce.  Vinegar is the thing.Green Onion Pancakes -  It was fresh but the layers of dough were not there.  OK.Fried Beef Bun - These are actually steamed.  Doughy but good.Lamb Skewers - My family inhaled them.  And said it was great.  Spicy Pork Intestines Stir Fry - Again my family ate it and said it was good.  I am the only person in my family that is not that brave.  1 con:  It was super HOT!  I was sweating the entire lunch.  Please turn on the AC!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/1/2012,586,358,6,16,13>This past Saturday night was the pinnacle of my entire fine-dining life! I'm not joking and I'm not exaggerating, it was that damn good! Thanks to a Yelp event and Petite Maison's generosity, I was fortunate to win a 10 course meal with wine pairings for four people. I have to say, my hopes were very high and I went into the evening expecting to write a five star review. By the end of the night I was left wishing I could give a 10 star rating. Let's see if this review can do any justice to our night. Our reservation was for 7pm and I was accompanied by my fiancee and another couple.First off, our waiter/sommelier was Dustin. He was an outstanding server and a friendly young man. Dustin was unbelievably informative on each and every dish and wine served. I highly recommend requesting him when you make a reservation. Dustin gave the background and history of each wine along with how you should drink the wine with the food.We started the night with a Bordeaux Sauvignon Blanc to accompany our first two dishes: bread puffs and a chilled Sweet Corn Soup with Truffle Oil. The bread puffs were freshly baked and delicious, but the soup was especially phenomenal! A great way to start the night.Next we had a Chardonnay to go along with a Beet, Radish and Multicolored Cauliflower Salad and then a caviar dish. The salad was light and delicious. The caviar was on top of a creamy scrambled egg with truffle I believe. By itself, the caviar was a bit too fishy for me, but when combined with the egg it was very good.   I appreciated this dish even though it wasn't my favorite since it was my first time trying caviar.A Pinot Noir was the third wine and the first red of the evening. This wine was paired first with pan seared loup de mer, which literally means "wolf of the sea" in French. The fish was incredible! Definitely one of the highlights of the night! You may know it by its Italian name, branzino. We were then served an excellent soft shelled crab dish. It was fried to perfection and served atop a delectable sauce.The fourth wine of the night blew us all away! We were served a wine by Domaine Faillenc Sainte Marie winery. It was made with a Cinsault grape (pronounced "sinso", or close to that) and it provided the most unique scents and tastes that any of us at the table had experienced. I'll never forget this wine and I am determined to find it somewhere. Thank you Dustin for exposing me to its greatness! My fellow Yelpers, you have to check it out. The Cinsault was paired with duck and lamb dishes. Both meats were out of this world and prepared perfectly, just like every other dish we experienced.Lastly, the two dessert dishes were accompanied by a port. Not a big port guy, but I guess it's the wine to have when eating dessert. For a port I actually enjoyed this one. The first desert was a slice of baguette served with cheese and fruit. The second were mini chocolate doughnuts with a heavenly cream dipping sauce. Perfect ending to a perfect meal.Each dish was spaced out perfectly from each other. I was shocked to discover that the Petite Maison culinary masterpiece took four hours. The time absolutely flew by. I ate every single bite and drank every single drop. Thank you Chef James Porter, Dustin, and Yelp for what was the most incredible and memorable dining experience of my life. Seriously, wow! Great food, great company, great memories. It's what life is all about.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,9/30/2012,699,631,4,9,9>200th review!!!!!!!!!!! Friend and I were headed out to paint the town red and run amuck and we met up with some other friends in north phoenix down at the Whisky River, now I have never been and let's just say I'm more of an RNB kinda girl but with that said, I did find myself having fun, no cover charge before 9 and well drinks 50cents till 11, now this place is alright with me! hahaPeople were friendly, bartenders & staff were nice, and dance floor was wooden and round had folks dancing and having a good time. I'm going to be honest, I dug the 50cent drinks, drank me some whiskey and coke all night long, well at least to 11. Had a great group of girlfriends and just a great time! Isn't it funny how once you start drinking someone in the group says Hey lets go somewhere else and see what's up!  I know the DD's that night got some miles on their car LOL,,,so we went off to our next spot!
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2010,11/16/2011,362,221,6,9,6>As far my firewood buying experience goes, this place is A #1. I love the wood I got here, I think they called it alligator wood or something like that. Anyway, it's good wood that burns slowly & smells nice. I have a condo & didn't want a massive amount of firewood, so it's nice they sell it in smaller $20 bundles. The one negative is, that they don't take credit or debit. They do have one of those cheese ball ATM machines that you usually only find in shady bars & random bodegas. They lose one star in my near perfect firewood buying experience for that. It's almost 2011, & I bought a crepe this morning with a debit card, which was rung up on a smart phone app. I am fairly sure Berry Bros Firewood can figure this paying with plastic thing out. When they do, it's 5 stars all the way baby.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,11/15/2011,348,195,6,12,10>This is based on my first visit to The Grind. I am surprised at some of the low ratings because I had such a good experience. I met Chrissy P for an early dinner at The Grind one evening. I was struck by how narrow this place was. The booths were small and kind of uncomfortable in my opinion. We had arrived at the tail end of happy hour and our waitress was nice to put a couple of glasses of wine and bubbly in for us before the happy hour cutoff. We started with the baked cheese with strawberry relish. I thought it was very tasty. The saltiness of the cheese was really good with sweet relish. For my entree I chose the special of the day which was the tenderloin sandwich with cream cheese. It was SO YUMMY. The tenderloin was well cooked and tender and the schmear of cream cheese was fantastic. We got talked in to dessert. We chose the salted caramel w/mini donuts. That's where they fell short for me. I was wondering where the salt was in the salted caramel. I think if they topped the caramel with a little Fleur de sel, it would have been fantastic. I plan to visit The Grind again. I hope my good luck with the good food and service doesn't run out!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,11/14/2011,643,475,11,13,12>"Welcome to my House", said Chef Alberto as he shook my hand and greeted me upon arriving. I love the name of this restaurant, very creative. Could it be that they're Yankee fans, I think so as I spied a New York Yankee cap in the kitchen. The piped in music is lively and upbeat which makes you want to dance, and at the right sound level so that you can have conversations with your dinner companions.On to the food - I dined here with a few Yelpers and we had a great time. Just about every appetizer was ordered. I really enjoyed two appetizers in particular. The Pastelillos, which is a beef empanada and the Platanos Maduros which was the fried sweet plantains (like bananas).For the main course I ordered the Carne Guisada ($9.99), which is Beef Stew. This came with rice on the side which I put into my bowl of Beef Stew to soak up the juices of the Beef Stew. The Carne Guisada was excellent along with the service.And of course, kudos to Chef Alberto!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,11/13/2011,50,114,3,7,3>I can't really review the Rum Bar without reviewing Breadfruit.  They are really one in the same, and Breadfruit's food stole the day. But, to be honest, we have never physically be IN to Breadfruit.  We only go to the Rum Bar and we LOVE this place.  I have been there 3 times. Once when I was a sardine and packed into the place without room to even breathe, once with my parents in the comfy window seating are and once with my husband on a romantic date for 2.  I loved it every time...and by the third time, I was told by my husband "YOU HAVE TO YELP THIS PLACE NOW!" and he then exclaimed "I think this is my favorite food in the entire city."  My husband is not one to stake claim on anything less than spectacular (he is married to ME!)  so here I am giving them the highest rating and review I can muster...The drinks are extremely tasty, unique, clever and strong. I love the rums and the free tastings we have had of the various types of rum.  This place has really opened my mind and expanded my knowledge. I like that the bartenders and staff always ask our names and take an interest in what we are eating, drinking, talking about and liking about life.  They are so kind!But...and yes, there's a but...the Rum Bar experience won't be bringing us back.  It's the FOOD that is the big draw. What a great culinary experience. Every bite is a wonderful adventure. The spices, the mixture of fruits with the savory dishes, the fish...oh the fish!We plan on going back again...and again!  The location is a little tricky to find, but if you found SENS/Turf, it's in the same block (nearly the same building), but just around the corner. Don't despair, just walk south and take a left (east) and you'll see Breadfruit on the left.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,11/12/2011,890,308,10,14,11>What could a name like Raising Cane's possibly be? Well, it proved to be genius when the owner decided to use his dog's name to sell hot, fresh chicken fingers! Its all I think about now.  Having only consumed twice, I can happily say, I am addicted!  The only places I can remotely compare them to here locally are Popeye's, Church's, and KFC.  But honestly, I feel like they are in a separate league.What they offer is uber simple, yet crazy addicting.  Chicken Fingers + Crinkle Fries + Coleslaw + Buttery Toast, wait a second? Buttery Toast? That's right.  And then they pack their "secret" sauce that you must dip into! Its the chicken finger's sidekick!  I mean, can Batman really save Gotham without Robin? Come'on! ;-pThe beauty of their chicken fingers is how the batter is light and thin, yet full of flavor!  I could barely detect any kind of grease!  The chicken meat is perfectly tender! And their "secret" sauce is like a peppery thousand island with other unknown variables!  I personally come for the sauce!Their crinkle fries are some of the best I've ever had, crispy and simply delicious! The coleslaw is average at best but I like how the cabbage is diced into perfect little squares! The sesame toast is lightly buttered and can be enjoyed by itself! Who doesn't like that?!The two times I have dropped by, I always got the Combo Box Meal.  Comes with 4 pieces of chicken, fries, coleslaw, toast, and a soft drink (crushed ice) for $7 and something cents.  Apparently, it's their most popular.Quit thinking about it, go get some! Look for the logo of a dog with shades on.yelp.com/biz_photos/52sY…
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,11/11/2011,463,250,13,11,10>I'm gonna have to add a star to my previous review becau....What?I already gave it five?And five is as high as it goes?To hell with the rules!  I'm giving Eddie's Downtown Barber Shop six stars whether Yelp says I can or not!Yes, so this is my first 6-star review.  The shop that it was before earned the first five and, by adding a bodacious shoe shiner recently, they have now earned an ultra-rare sixth.  Brenda & Danny now cover me pretty much literally head-to-toe.And damn do my boots look goooooood.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2011,11/10/2011,742,648,8,9,10>What's raw, slick and makes you feel good all over? It's sushi! From trendy scenester food to its current mainstay presence, sushi has been a part of the dining scene for ages. Even with time this time spent, sushi is still very much exciting to enjoy.For me, Hana Japanese Eatery puts the amore in enamored and the fat into infatuated.With a solid menu of offerings and loads of daily specials there's plenty to keep things fresh and engaging. When I'm eating my way through the valley, almost 8 out of 10 Ill order the special when offered. In this experience Ive been able to try amazing off menu items that were seasonal or the chef was feeling whimsy that day.Not to whimsy but fully fun and interactive, Edamame ($3.95) is always a must for me. There's just something about biting into each pod and sucking the soy beans out that I find satisfying.Like something out of a dream, the sashimi, nigiri, and rolls were served on a small boat. This beautiful presentation just goes to show how attention to detail goes well beyond the food. Such things like wasabi get special attention, Hana's pickled version will make you quickly forget about the traditional paste variety. Putting the wasabi to good use, the Blue Fin ($20/$20) was ordered 2 ways, sashimi and seared, the first being my favorite, each bite almost felt like eating butter, that tender. Such favorites as Octopus ($10) and Crab Nigiri ($5) were as pretty as they were delicious.Loving rolls with contrast and crunch the Shrimp Tempura Roll ($8.50) filled both counts easily. However its special cousin, the Lobster Roll ($20), takes a California roll then is adorned with large pieces of battered quick fried lobster meat, no skimping on the good stuff here.Hot dishes on the specials menu are expertly prepared. Scallop Edamame ($10.95) takes the sweet tenderness of scallops, then is battered and rolled in soy beans and lightly fried. The texture of the buttery soy beans meshed well with the sweetness of the scallop, a must. More special menu love was felt with the sauteed Giant Clam with Scallops ($16.95). Tempura Udon ($9.95) was ordered off of the regular menu and let me tell you, those chewy noodles are simply addicting.Ive never heard the words Japanese and pizza in the same sentence before. So after our server described the Okonomiyaki ($18.95), it had to be ordered. More like a thick savory pancake in taste but the looks of a pizza, this was certainly a surprise by taste and by oddity. The top of the Okonomiyaki is sprinkled with bonito flakes which move and quiver when exposed to heat. So when it was sat down in front of me I couldn't help but stare at the movement. Yes, I was a little freaked out but how cool is that?Hana An Mitsu ($6.95) was the most perfect ending for the style of cooking. This refreshing dessert made up of aloe vera and was accompanied by oranges, blueberries & red bean paste, reminded me of an exotic fruit cocktail. If chewy and creamy intrigue you try the Ichigo Mochi Ice Cream ($4.95). The chewy rice mochi shell encapsulates your choice of ice cream, very different and tasty.Hana doesn't serve alcohol but feel free to bring your own wine, beer or sake, they wont charge you a corking fee, which makes that scallop even sweeter.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2011,11/9/2011,411,271,13,15,13>Ice Cream Cookie. Three words that are near and dear to my heart. What makes this delectable treat from Churn so special? They are made to order, and you can create your own combination from their assortment of ice cream and cookie flavors (made fresh daily)! Overwhelmed by the possibilities, I fell back on the fondly familiar and went with vanilla bean ice cream embraced by a chocolate chip and a double chocolate chip cookie. Oh yes!  Served in a cute cup (hey, the good stuff can get messy), it was the perfect treat for a warm Saturday afternoon.  Big enough for sharing, too!I was so enamored by my dessert that I probably didn't pay close enough attention to all of the other wonderful things Churn has to offer. To me, that is a perfect excuse to go back... soon!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,11/8/2011,75,306,5,7,5>Oh Cibo how I love thee! Let me count the waysYou have the most adorable setting i've ever laid eyes onThe Salads are so fresh and sized to shareThe pizza's are OUT.OF.THIS.WORLD! And let's not forget dessert. I look forward to the Fresca crepe with each visit I make.I heart you Cibo.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,11/7/2011,391,272,9,6,7>The sub sandwich of burgers. Seriously. I could only eat half and I can put it away.  The patty is just so thick, I couldn't handle it.  I must really need to get laid if that last sentence about a thick hamburger sounded sexual to me.Anyway, besides the thickness factor, the hamburger was delicious-- medium rare, melty Gruyere cheese, bacon and onions cooked together in what makes a gooey, slightly sweet BBQ-like sauce.  I also partook in one of the beer flights... and then I partook in my friend's beer flight because I forced him to get one even though he doesn't like beer (Insuring that I would end up with two beer flights-- nothing in life is random, wait, everything in life is random... I'm confused.  How about nothing in life is random where beer is concerned?).The sweet potato fries were soft. I like a little more crunch in my fry. Who wants a flaccid fry? Not me. I could bend them in all sorts of shapes, none of which were useful.  I think I liked the ambiance more than the food, but the food was good too. Or maybe I had too much beer and this review, tainted with sexual innuendos, is worthless. Either way, a must try.      P.S. I hope people I only know in passing never read this.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,11/10/2009,59,159,6,12,9>FINALLY!!!!!!!i had a 30 minute break during work this morning and on my drive down 7th ave i noticed two hippies breakfast joint was officially in business. walked in and the place is HUGE, and unlike their other locations they have places to sit down and eat inside, plus little stools all along the outside.their menu is HUGE and they serve breakfast all day, plus burgers and chicken sandwiches and such.  their breakfast bowls can be made as burritos which is what i did. you can choose up to 6 add-ins including chorizo, bacon, green chile, an assortment of cheeses, garlic, onions, peppers, the list goes on...and it comes with a side of potatoes.  i think they're lacking (besides chorizo and sausage) some kind of shredded meat (like machaca) or chicken for their breakfast burritos..and good hot sauce (the ones on the tables were blah). great friendly service and one free refill on your coffee. place is cash only, and the ATM takes forever. this place is going to be very successful in the future...breakfast all day and bomb breakfast at that.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,11/9/2009,378,474,6,10,8>Kareys Kitchen...a new takeout fusion restaurant near me in PHX..yay~! I attended the soft opening and got to sample all of the filipino/mexican fusion tasties! The family is so friendly that you leave Kareys feeling all warm inside.., whether from the food or the family, and your wallet not too hit! Cassava cake is the bomb..even though Im not to into sweets.. A bit hard to see from the street ..next to Blockbuster on 40th.. look for it..its worth it:-)
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2009,11/8/2009,480,193,11,15,11>I wanted to update the review since China Harvest has updated their decor!If you've been there in the last few years, you've seen the weird shade of green that accented all of the white-ish walls.  If you're like me, you grew to like the odd green color for its strangely soothing quality; I can't help but be reminded of a 1940's mental institution.Well that has all changed (KIND OF) since the walls have a fresh coat of off-white-wash, and the accent color has been changed to a lovely, putrid, baby shit yellow-brownish; I can't help but be reminded of the classy and stylish 1960's Harvest Gold kitchen appliances.Technically, it is an improvement, although you have to question the judgement call on the color selection.  Perhaps for the person in charge of that choice, the mental institution green was just a little too appropo?!?They also put up some very nice wide-slat wood blinds with a medium dark wood stain tint.  They do a great job at blocking out the harsh sun, or even harsher Food City parking lot that graces your window view.Still cheap and still usually great, just not consistent.  Another recent improvement is steamed white rice in a rice cooker for you to scoop from instead of from a dish on the steamtable.  Keeps the rice nice and fluffy instead of it turning into crunchy toothbreakers.Still my 4 star goto cheapo china boofay.
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,11/7/2009,367,544,9,15,17>Exposed brick, views of downtown and uptown and an overall dark coziness. I love it. I've been to Side Bar several times now and its quickly turning into my new "go-to" place. If the Roosevelt and Fez had a kid it would look like Side Bar. Old space with a modern twist. The orange bar area actually reminds me of a Gerber Group spot...as Stevey P said when we were there "it looks like it could be one of the Whiskeys". They always play fun and interesting movies on the flat screens, from old movies to animated flicks. My personal favorite so far has been Renaissance with Daniel Craig. I love the couch/lounge area and its normally where you can find me. I'm always a big fan of sitting at the bar but these bar seats are wicked uncomfortable---they discourage good posture and it is impossible to sit up straight. The high top seats near the bar require good balance. On a Saturday night this place is always fun and the drinks are well made. One of the reasons that I like that Side Bar has joined the downtown scene is because its actually a bar. Its not a wine bar like Cheuvront, its not a bar focused on beer like Roosevelt or Lost Leaf, its not a hotel bar, it's a bar with full liquor offerings and wine if you want it. Fantastic. It is also a great choice on a First Friday if you happen to live downtown and want to avoid the fracas of Roosevelt and LL....there is traffic there but its not nearly as packed as places closer to the galleries. On FF they also have a DJ which was a nice touch, even if it does take up valuable couch space. The crowd covers a wide range depending on the day and time you are there, but no matter what I always feel comfortable. You have your glam girls, the not so glam, the fashionistas and wannabe fashionistas, mommies, fraternity boys, hipsters, office workers and students. 21 year olds to 60 year olds, the random hippie rancher drinking PBR rubbing shoulders with girls drinking champagne. Oh, and some douchebags for some good measure. Josh, the owner, is really friendly and very accommodating. My friend recently had his birthday party here and they were great about us bringing in a cake and making a mess of the place with it. I'm not such a fan of their Happy Hour, if they offered more wines by the glass for HH I would be. The special on the well drinks is good, but sometimes you want to relax with a glass of wine. I've also ordered a rum and diet during HH and got a whiskey and diet. Do you know how putrid well whiskey is? Especially if you aren't a whiskey drinker and are expecting rum? Its terrible. They do offer light apps, at least during HH, such as spinach artichoke dip and hummus and chips. Oh, and they don't have a coat check but they do have a coat rack where you can hang up your coat if you don't want to have it with you at the bar.Side Bar is a welcome addition downtown and the fact that I can walk there from my place makes it even better.
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,11/6/2009,1313,191,29,15,16>Fancy brand new place. Very friendly staff, the Dr. even said "what a cute dog" and gave him a kiss.  That was wierd/nice? The Dr called me a few days later to check on my boy, which is nice. I think she has a thing for my doggie and is looking for a second date.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,11/5/2009,247,155,30,33,24>If you ever do something incredibly bone-headed and need to get in your car in the middle of PV mall's parking garage, Charles is the guy to call.  $45 in cash and it'll take less than half an hour.  He arrived within 15 minutes of my call.  I was happy with the service, although I wish he could have been more specific with advice about getting a replacement key made.  That was before I realized that my key had been in my bag the entire time.  Like I said, boneheaded...
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2009,11/4/2009,446,326,5,13,12>This is our go to spot for indie Mediterranean food on the west side, technically I believe it is Persian food. After vacating his old location so that Restaurant 28 could expand, Mo rehabbed this former video store. It took much longer than expected and I stopped by periodically to check his progress. The opening date kept getting bumped which had me quite concerned. He mentioned to me at one point that transforming this spot into a restaurant may not have been a sound idea. I am happy to report that it is finished and open now for about a month after almost a year hiatus! Pretty much the same menu, with slightly higher pricing. The feel of the spot is much the same as the old location, perhaps a slightly larger space, all on one level which makes accommodating larger parties much easier than the old tiered spot. Service is efficient and with a smile. We sampled the hummus, which is served with plenty of tasty pita. Simple and satisfying. Dinners are served with a small salad of iceberg, red cabbage, onion, tomato, cucumber, olives and a tiny cube of feta. Choice of house yogurt based dressing or Italian. It had been so long, but I stuck with my usual combo of beef kebab and Koobideh kebab with the Basmati rice. Chunks of beef interspersed with tomato, onion and green pepper, tender and subtly spiced. The Koobideh is ground meat skewered and grilled, a squeeze of lemon, very tasty. The Basmati rice is plain topped with a bit of saffron colored grains, but this is what I love about it. Cooked perfectly, grains separate and fluffy with a fragrant overtone. M had the lamb kebab which of course I sampled, it was tasty and tender. It was a bit odd eating at this new spot since you can spy the old location out the window, but the food is precisely the same, which was very comforting. Portions always demand a to go box and make for fine lunching material. I was concerned with the current state of the economy that this indie joint was not going to open their doors once again. Very pleased to report the reopening of this west side favorite.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,11/3/2009,311,459,11,10,12>The special item today (Friday) was fish, and and since I love fried fish I came here to give the place a try. The restaurant is spacious and clean and was not too busy when I came in, probably because it was around 1:30 and the lunch crowd was gone. There was a decent array of different pizzas, nothing exotic: white, pepperoni, veggie, ham & pineapple, etc. But beyond the pizza trays were the other dishes: yellow rice, beans, pasta, marinara sauce, corn, mashed 'taters, fried chicken, fried fish (the dish of the day, Friday), spicy chicken stew, desserts, and a small salad bar. I tried the veggie pizza and it was OK, and then went on to sample the other dishes. The rice was good, as were the pasta and marinara; the beans were a tad watery, though. In spite of that fact that it was that post-lunch time of early afternoon, these items were still fresh; they were replacing and replenishing the dishes frequently enough to avoid having dried-out food. The chicken stew was hearty and - thank goodness the server warned me beforehand - significantly spicy. The offerings of the salad bar were nice and fresh, though limited. But then you don't come here mainly for the salad, which is meant to be truly just a side for the main starches and proteins. And speaking of the proteins - for me, those were the best part! The fried chicken was juicy and the skin nice and crispy. I wish they had ketchup (I love that condiment), but actually the chicken was tasty and fresh enough to stand on its own. The mashed potatoes were an excellent creamy accompaniment to the chicken. And the fish -- yummm! It was perfect! It was deep-fried so of course some greasiness was unavoidable, but the batter was crispy with a light mouth feel -- unusual for deep-fried fish fillets -- and the fish itself was moist and tender. The desserts were freshly baked goods, such as brownies and cinnamon rolls; surprisingly I had room for the latter, even though I had already eaten a lot.Certainly worth coming back to; you get your money's worth, and more. After all, the complete name of the establishment is The Pizza Buffet and Much Much More (for real ... see the pic).
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,11/2/2009,736,547,11,19,19>I've heard a lot of buzz about St. Francis and was eager to try it because I am always on the lookout for new restaurants in CenPho. I was not disappointed. This restaurant design and layout is as fantastic as the food and service. The Spot: Located on 1st and Camelback this gorgeous building boasts original brick walls and polished concrete floors downstairs. I had inquired about the upstairs and my server let me sneak a peak, the floor upstairs is made of cork, very unique and gorgeous. The contemporary design really stands out. There is a support system of cable and pin settings, which do away with support columns (so said my dining partner), and it creates a very open and airy flow.  The women's restroom has an original safe built in to the wall with the handle acting as a toilet paper roll. The bar opens to both the restaurant and the patio so giving diners a sense of comfort. There are also pop out windows, so you are able to see in to the kitchen from almost any spot. Currently only the downstairs is open, with plans to open the upstairs within a few months. (The upstairs would be a great place to have a big birthday dinner, seating about 40). The patio wraps around the restaurant and will provide additional seating once the weather cools off a bit.The Chef:Aaron Chamberlin was part of the opening team for some of my favorite restaurants in the valley: Chelsea's Kitchen, LGO and Radio Milano. He has over 20 years of experience and his French/Mediterranean training helps him to create phenomenal dishes, with top quality ingredients. The kitchen has a brick chamber used for roasting meats, vegetables and breads. The oven and selected spices really brought out the flavor in each dish. The Food:The menus will change seasonally to take advantage of the ripest produce Arizona has to offer. The current menu incorporates local ingredients such as Arizona pistachios, honey and goat cheese from Black Mesa Ranch. St. Francis is one of only a handful of restaurants that are able to use rare herbs from Sonoma. Last night I started with the baked goat cheese with walnut herb pesto and toasted bread, it was absolutely delicious. The cheese and walnuts were so fresh I had to go easy not to ruin my appetite for dinner.  For my main I had the pepper-crusted flat iron steak with creamed spinach and fingerling potatoes covered in a red wine reduction.  The steak was phenomenal; it was so tender I could cut it with a fork. I was also pleasantly surprised on how much I enjoyed the creamed spinach.Desert was also amazing; I went with the summer fruit trifle as it seemed a lighter dish. It had strawberries, peaches, raspberries and some other berry I couldn't nail down, all surrounded in a light cream topped with toasted almonds. It was heaven.The Service: The server was awesome. She explained the philosophy of the restaurant along with the vision of the chef. She was quick to point out her favorite meals and her parents were seated next to us. It was nice to see so many friends and family in a newly opened spot. This place will become a part of my regular restaurant rotation in CenPho. Quality ingredients, wonderful layout and educated staff make this a 5 star review.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/3/2009,11/1/2009,752,378,24,21,20>See the amazing family  attempt to eat vegan!! Watch the brave kids eat fake burgers!! Observe the care and balance of the waiter/server/host  who attempts to amuse the meat eating group as they  balance the high wire of going green! We had a fun and adventure trying out the local vegan place that we would love to love.. but it's just not  in our future. Fresh and bright inside , the decor screams: I am earthy , and healthy and well thought out .  I give it two thumbs up for the refreshing design. ( except that blasted TV with "SuperiorMaster"  TV channel from a Satellite Planet located somewhere near the moon of vegan. The place was empty at 4 , I hope they have more business later , they really need a better location and more informative signage. We gave a shot trying out Vegan burger with fries, they tasted okay from all accounts but not enjoyed. My husband had the only winner at the table "Cha Cha Chicken"  tasty and good texture. I would order it if you made me go back . My meal was the loser ..it had 5  fake shrimp and big huge bright green bean pods ..very snappish ..I felt well Beaned.   Youngest kiddo avoided the whole adventure with a bowl of rice ..wimp. We all decided if we were vegan we would like this place and be happy to come back .. but we are  steak loving, dairy drinkers with our eyes on the leftovers in the fridge when we came back. On to another adventure!
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,1/14/2013,411,271,10,13,12>Walking into PCG on a recent Sunday for brunch, I wasn't sure what to expect.  The place was pretty much empty.  Coming off a few less than stellar recent brunch attempts at other local spots (why is it so hard to find good Eggs Benedict!?), I took this to be a less than favorable sign about the meal ahead...  Well, I was wrong...  PCG served some of my favorite things!A mimosa with fresh-squeezed OJ started things off nicely.   :)On to an appetizer - yes, even brunch deserves an appetizer!  I was happy to see Jumbo Bacon-Wrapped Shrimp on the menu.  Now that Wildfish no longer serves them, I have been hunting for a new favorite.  These were delicious - 4 large shrimp, stuffed with cojita cheese and wrapped in bacon - perfect with the accompanying chipotle-lime aioli.And last, the main event.  The Tenderloin Eggs Benedict was fantastic.  Two English muffins graced with generous slices of medium-rare tenderloin, poached (not overdone - hooray!) eggs and tangy hollandaise.  This masterpiece came with diced breakfast potatoes (not greasy at all!) and a small bowl of fresh fruit.  Yum!  Thank you, PCG, for renewing my faith in brunch.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/13/2013,1507,2829,5,5,6>A single sampling of the Almond Concha proved to be light and airy on the interior with eggy notes and a bit of butter beneath a crackling sugar topping.  Definitely something different and definitely delicious despite not tasting much like almond I have to say this item gave me hope for Mexican pastry in general - definitely a place to consider the next time I head down Indian School Road.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/12/2013,509,228,5,10,6>Oh the TallyHo!  This place is nondescript from the outside with no windows and once inside it is like a time-warp to the 70's.  The crowd is varied: I mean everything from lawyers, to college kids, Vietnam vets, to neighborhood regulars, neighborhood locals who NEED a drink, strippers, cougar clubs, retirees,  crack and meth heads...really nothing would surprise me here.  I have definitely met some interesting people here and that is part of the allure of the TallyHo. I am familiar with 2 of the bartenders and they are nice ladies...maybe a bit rough around the edges, but I think you have to be at a place like this.  I was impressed they always seem to remember me though, as I have only been in a few times.  Their drink pours are no joke and they are very good at remembering your drink of choice.  Also I should note this is a cash bar so come prepared.  As Michael C. said the entertainment consists of a pool table and a jukebox.  There are also 2 smallish TVs and I myself just enjoy the 'atmosphere'.If you have a friend in need of a drink ,or you need one yourself, or you just want to make yourself aware of the fact that your day wasn't that bad, well then come join the folks at the TallyHo Cocktail Lounge.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,1/11/2013,253,195,8,16,21>Oh, Lo-Lo's how I love thee...  I catered Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles for a surprise Halloween lunch for my staff this week and it was a huge hit.  I just told them I was catering lunch in, I didn't tell who was bringing the food.  After the food was set up and ready to go I emailed the staff and told them the food was ready and that it was Lo-Lo's.  You should have seen the steady stream of employees that started 'prairie dogging' over their cubicle walls and letting each other know what the big, surprise lunch announcement was!  It was hilarious how fast they scooted their normally slow asses to the conference room to be the first in line for Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles!!Lo-Lo himself (Larry) came out and he made piping hot, fresh waffles to order as the employees all dined on the best fried chicken in all of Arizona, and some of the most delicious mac and cheese and read beans and rice I've ever tasted.    Ohmidog, their food is so damn good...I was the office hero for the day and I couldn't have done with without Lo-Lo's.  Thank you, Larry!  You want to be the most popular person in your office?  Cater Lo-Lo's for your staff for lunch.  You will NOT be disappointed in the results.  ;)
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,1/9/2013,331,379,11,17,16>The Things that Work. Really well:-the burgers. Seriously delicious, imaginative and well constructed burgers. Every time.-the beer. Options! And real knowledge from the bartender! Like 10-15 on draft and a handful by the bottle.-the liquor. Again, options! And fun specialty cocktails. And bartenders who know how to construct shots with more imagination than pouring cold jäger in a shot glass.-the desserts. The brownie and ice cream is so good that I'm willing to throw my calorie counter out the window and devour the thing by myself, while growling at those trying to share with me. NO SHARING!-the TVs. Lots of them! Playing all different sports! And different teams! Not just the same game on every tv. They switch on music videos after the games are over, later in the evening. I become completely mesmerized by this and will lose at pool because of it.-the billiards:---On Monday nights, it's $9 unlimited all night play. Other nights is $7/hour. You can see the value there. ---the tables are beautifully maintained.---the cues are straight and true. All in excellent condition.---the pool tables are appropriately spaced from the walls and tables. You never have to worry about twisting yourself in some weird shape because you're too damn close to the wall to make your shot. -the bartenders. They care abut you and your beers. They will come out to you while you're playing pool to see if you need a fresh drink. The Things that Don't Work:-I live too far away and can't come here often enough.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,1/8/2013,212,352,4,8,4>Yay! I am so happy America's Taco Shop has finally opened in Old Town! There are no good Mexican spots nearby, so this is really a treat. This is an order at the counter style restaurant, so it's nothing fancy, but they have a great patio and solid food.  Their guacamole is made fresh, and the Vegetarian bean and cheese burrito is excellent. Did I mention they have some of the best tortillas around? Oh, and the patio appears to be dog friendly too!!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/7/2013,421,233,4,11,12>Yoli's is easily in my top favorite breakfast restaurants. I usually go with my gf Saturday or Sunday mornings and get the mix and match. You can pick from several items and I usually get the standard egg, sausage, has browns with one pancake. And, this pancake is just about perfect. It's big, fluffy and cooked to a light and slightly crispy golden brown. You don't even have to use syrup. Recently, I tried the Morning Monte which I am definitely getting next time. The flavor is exquisite. Just about everything on the menu is worth ordering.The restaurant is tucked away in a garden oasis in downtown Chandler. We wouldn't have found it except for all the popular Yelp reviews. They have a good amount of outdoor seating nearby a quaint arrangement of flowers, plants and birdcages that house several exotic and colorful birds. It's worth going just to check out those lil guys. The only downside is that the kitchen is small, so when the brunch rush hits, it can take a while. But Yoli and her staff are so friendly and pretty honest about the wait. We grab coffee and sit it out. Trust me, it's worth it!
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,1/6/2013,446,326,18,18,16>Copious amount of lobster? Check. Butter toasted roll? Check. Lightly dressed with a whisper of mayo and a hint of lemon? Check.Overheard at communal food truck court seating: " I think it needs much more seasoning, all I taste is lobster."My thought bubble: Your complaint is exactly what makes this killer stuff. P.S. You're a fool.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,1/5/2013,736,547,5,7,6>This restaurant is located on the 15th floor of the casino. There is a dress code warning including no flip flops, t-shirts, shorts or cut offs which helps to keep the casino riff raff out. There are glass widows lining the restaurant  with tables and booths placed all around them. The mountain and desert views are spectacular and the overall ambiance is classy and captivating. The food was excellent although a bit overpriced. I had the tenderloin flatbread , the steak was tender and juicy and had the perfect amount of rosemary. The Tuscan kale salad and the fried green tomatoes were also delicious choices prepared with care. I agree with another reviewer who said the wine list pricing was all over the place, luckily the selection made up for the scattered pricing. The bartender we had was personable and friendly and made our visit quite enjoyable.Overall I don't think I would make dinner reservations here, but it is a nice place to grab an app and a glass of wine and take in the stunning views of our beautiful desert city.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,1/3/2013,437,464,14,17,14>It's more Liberty than Market.  I was just back from vacation and hoping to buy some ready made food for my empty fridge - my options were beer and cold salads.  So instead, I sat down and had a meal there.  I ordered a salad and my partner in crime had a grilled cheese sandwich, both were tasty.  Very cool minimalist decor but the tables and soda station were messy in the rush of the lunch hour.  The service was friendly - you go up to the counter, order your food and they bring it out to you, you grab your own drinks - it's not the type of place where you're being waited on.  The restrooms were unisex and then had an outer area where the boys and girls washed their hands together, I thought that was nice because you don't have to commit to going into a restroom just to wash your hands before your meal.  The sinks don't have a mirror in front of you, it's a window that looks outside - I liked that little detail.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2006,12/1/2007,2,5,2,3,3>Stop whatever it is you are doing right now and go to Arlecchino. The gelato there is so delicious you will lick your little plastic bowl clean. (Or maybe I just like to hope others do that to make myself feel less ridiculous.) The guy who told me about Arlecchino said a friend of his from Italy had come to visit him and said the gelato at Arlecchino was better than any he had eaten at home. Now that's a recommendation! I spent about a month in Italy and got in some quality gelato experiences (my rule was one gelato a day...minimum..."When in Italy..."). I have to agree that Arlecchino more than stacks up. I can only recall one gelato experience that was on par with Arlecchino's. The rest, well, I certainly would not say I regret having those gelato interludes, but they did not take me where Arlecchino takes me.  As a matter of fact, I've convinced myself to go there right now...Ciao!
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2007,11/30/2007,131,423,2,6,5>I'm not breaking any new ground by reviewing Piestewa Peak.  But for those of you out there who are new to the Phoenix area or are just visiting, well, maybe you haven't heard of Piestewa...  My nickname for this hunk of metamorphic rock is "the StairMaster" because I primarily travel the summit trail, and well, it's a big giant natural StairMaster.  Every step is is step up.  Literally.  Your buns will be burning by the time you get to the top.  And your prize is the view from the top - a 360 degree uninterrupted view of the Valley.  The best part?  It's in our backyard.  How great is that?!  Name another major city the size of Phoenix where you can drive 10 minutes to a trail head... okay, there are probably a few... but that doesn't diminish my appreciation of the fact that I can be on the trail with such a minimal time investment.  For those of you who have hiked this route and are turned off by the crowds, I offer you an alternative.  Hike at night.  In the dark.  Yep. You heard me.  This is the way to do it.  Not only are you guaranteed much more pleasant temperatures, you are also guaranteed a moment of solitude.  It is quiet, lovely and largely untraveled during the darker hours.  Wait.  I didn't just say that.  It's dangerous and stupid to hike at night.  Don't do it.  I'm warning you. Your run the risk of stepping on a rattlesnake, getting bitten by a rabid ringtail or walking of a dangerous precipice and breaking your neck.   I hereby disclaim all liability (I had to throw that disclaimer in there, I'm a lawyer).  That being said, I enjoy hiking at night.  The city lights are spectacular.   If you decide to live dangerously, make sure you bring a headlamp, some water, hiking poles, and a friend or two.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,11/29/2007,28,4,1,15,15>I have had Pizzeria Bianco on my 'Must Go List' ever since the day I first heard of it. My only obstacle? I live in upstate NY. So recently I threw logic to the wind and drove the 2500 miles for pizza.For those thinking now that I must be a raving lunatic there were some underlining reasons. I suffer from a debilitating disease and decided to take my children on a cross country adventure while I still can. Also them experiencing first hand a individual who is passionate about his work can only be a inspiring and positive thing in their young years. Or at least I hope so.I guess I could go on and state how unique and great the pizza was. Or how the salads were made with the best ingredients available.Or how even the potato salad in the antipasto may be the best darn potato salad I ever tasted. I pretty much tried everything on the menu except one salad and found everything outstanding.But I would prefer to address those who find it absurd to wait so long for pizza. I understand the puzzlement yet I believe they may tend to generalize it as just pizza. Which is not the case.Where in this country can you find people waiting outside for two hours in the blazing heat seem so happy? Strangers laughing and talking with each other, telling stories of past meals at Biancos to first timers. The joyous atmosphere was one of the first things I noticed and it was contagious. Once in the dining room nothing changed, people taking a step back, slowing down and enjoying great food and company. That in my view is what great food is all about.Producing this type of magical atmosphere in a restaurant is extremely rare and can't be a easy task. But somehow Chris Bianco has and this may be the very reason why people are willing to wait. The truth is. It's more then just pizza.Edited to add. Those who claim it is just pizza. As a chef I can tell you the test of true talent comes from taking a minimal amount of ingredients and making them shine.And without pristine ingredients it is nearly impossible to make something great if one is taking the minimalist approach. Chris Bianco's pizza's are every bit as good as Thomas Keller's Oysters and Pearls. And are harder to produce.
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2007,11/28/2007,94,40,6,4,9>Ever since I started working downtown, I vowed to continue my personal tradition of rewarding myself with something yummy and sinful...kinda like a pat on the back for a job well done for the week. In my previous life as a PR bitch in the private sector, I rewarded myself with libations--vodka/tonics with two limes for extra Vitamin C; vodka Collins with three maraschino cherries instead of one; cranberry and vodka because I heard it cleanses out your urinary tract; a dirty martini for those super grueling weeks.Alas, when I started to work in the public sector, still in PR, I knew I couldn't pull that shit anymore. I had to re-vamp my rewards structure and take out the "sinful" from "yummy and sinful." That's when I discovered fro-yo...that's frozen yogurt to you all.My co-worker took me out for coffee one day and quickly mentioned that there is a locally owned frozen yogurt shop on Washington and First Streets. She said they give hefty portions, so I thought to myself that this might just be a good replacement for my vodka concoctions.The place is called A Touch of Yogurt, and their fro-yo is yummy to the tummy. They are pretty generous with their servings, and the toppings you choose to include in your fro-yo. And then when I did some diggin' about fro-yos, I found out fro-yo can: 1. Help to overcome lactose intolerance; 2. aid digestion of milk protein: 3. help prevent and combat digestive tract infections. Okay...fro-yo had me at "overcome lactose intolerance..." that's all I'm going to say about that! They change their menu of flavors...you know, to mix it up a little...keeps you guessing. But no matter what flavors they have available, I am sure that you will find one so satisfying. So Fridays, I've officially declared Yvette's Fro-Yo Fridays. I order my "small," sit on one of the outdoor tables, and stare at politicians, lawyers, bums, construction workers, delivery people, while enjoying a mouth-watering serving of fro-yo. Hey feel free to join me every Friday for FRO-YO Fridays around 12:30-ish. Oh but not this Friday I'm in San Francisco. So just for this week...FRO-YO THURSDAY!Anyway...I give it 4 stars...because, let's face it...it might be yummy, but it still ain't ice cream!
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2007,11/27/2007,128,137,1,5,5>Before I begin, I would like to point something out to the Yelpers of Tempe, Az-  All of the Guinness in the United States is imported from Ireland.  Yes, there are other breweries outside of Ireland, but America only receives Guinness from Ireland.  So, it stands to reason, that Rula Bula would, indeed, have imported-from-Ireland Guinness. That is nothing special. However, the two times I've been to Rula Bula, the Guinness was poured well (one server even attempted the shamrock in the head... she didn't quite succeed, but she was new and it was the effort that counts).Also, the food it super yummy!  I can't wait to drive back to Arizona in a few weeks, just so I can have the whiskey bread pudding again! It is the stuff of dreams and nightmares... nightmares only because I'm always too full to eat it all- but it's always too delicious to stop eating it!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,11/26/2007,112,364,1,3,5>Downtown Phoenix's newest bar. Yep, even newer than Next Door, which opened on Nov 2. I stumbled by it earlier tonight, and a bartender told me their grand opening was just yesterday. There is now a strip of five straight bars on this corner of Washington Street (Burn, Smith, Sky Lounge, Silver, and Majerles). $10 cover tonight and I was cashless, so I persuaded the doorman to let me in just to get a looksee. It looks swanky at first glance anyway. Will reserve full judgment until I come out here for real.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,11/25/2007,311,1627,,3,4>We were originally going to grab something real quick at Einstein's after our hike at Camelback, but I saw this place and asked about it.  I jumped out of the car to find that there would be a 40 minute wait, and we were up for the wait.  I hear that there can be an hour long wait or more at times.  I was already warned about the people who come here seem to be overdressed for brunch, and it was true to their word.  I love that we were there in our exercise and hiking attire.  We did get some coffee from the coffee bar area in the back.  They have excellent coffee here.  If you are a coffee snob, you could fall in love with the java here or some eye candy around you.  There was a healthy stack of papers near the coffee bar, and we waited outside until we were called in for our table.  I was told that we were lucky that we had the nice waitress.  They are all really pretty.  I decided on an eggs benedict a la crab meat style and asparagus.  It was quite delicious.  It had a orange red color sauce with a hint of spicyness to it.  If you are a crab lover like myself, this is something that you would appreciate.  It also came with a side of fruit.  They have very limited outdoor seating and our waitress was pleasant, which I hear is not usually the case.  The prices were reasonable, and I wouldn't mind coming back!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2007,11/24/2007,43,384,,5,5>WOW this place is good!  SO good!  And not just yummy good, but intrinsically good.  Check out their amazing list of environmentally responsible business practices - essencebakery.com/essenc… !  That, and it's cute.  And it tastes Yummy!  And they are SO nice!  SOOO nice!  And their deserts are just disgustingly cute and beautiful and freaking good.  I almost bought the mini box of 4 cupcakes for just $3.50.  Bite sized so not too bad, but if I bought them today they'd be gone before I got home. I got their grilled cheese w/ mozzarella, basil and tomato on grilled buttery brioche bread with a light and tasty green salad on the side.  It will be hard to not come here every week.  I love that all the drinks are refillable - and it's up to you to refill them.  Coffee, tea or soda, just walk on up and fill your glass.  And I love that it's all so fresh and local!  Important note - You order at the counter, they give you a number and bring out your food.  If you're paying w/ debit card, they will ask you if you want to include a tip.  That threw me.  I'd been in the place less than 2 minutes - how do I know if it's worth the tip - or how much of a tip it's worth??  Bring some cash or plan to deal w/ that question accordingly.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,11/23/2007,48,94,5,13,11>Is it trite to give this place 5 stars?   Should I be contrarian and say this place sucks?I... can't.   I just can't.  This place is hands-down the best breakfast place in the valley, and short of getting a $30 breakfast at a swanky resort, it isn't even close.   I'll start by saying that when you order coffee, they bring you REAL CREAM for it.   Do you know how long it's been since I've seen a breakfast place bring me real cream?  So long that I had to check to make sure it wasn't spoiled half & half.  It makes their already good coffee taste awesome.  Next, they have actual thick cut bacon, not the pre-packaged strips you'll find at Denny's..  I'm drooling just thinking about it.  Everything I've had off their griddle (french toast, belgian waffles, crepes) have been awesome.  If you get the chance and you're hankering something sweet, get their taffy apple french toast.  I think they put me in a sugar coma, but it's soooo good.  Tons of apples, caramel, pecans, other things I don't really remember cause I kinda blacked out.  Oddly enough, though I haven't had them myself, I've heard the pancakes were less than spectacular- crumbly and overdone was the description a friend gave  Strange for what would seem to be their signature dish.  I'll chalk it up to a one-time error.  Also, can anyone explain why I find the need to order eggs for breakfast?  For some reason, it just doesn't feel like a breakfast meal unless there are eggs present, but I only ever eat like half of them.   I don't even really like them.  That's not really related to the review, just kinda throwing it out there.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2007,11/20/2007,337,681,3,5,6>More of a man's garden . . . . When I lived in Phoenix (a couple years ago) the Papago Park Desert Botanical Gardens was one of my favorite places to take out-of-town visiting friends and relatives. You tell them "HEY, LET'S GO TO THE BOTANICAL GARDENS!"  They grumble a little, especially the men. They, of course, expect rose gardens, tulip beds, lavendar and Queen Anne's Lace.  WRONG!  It is a fifty acre garden of beautiful cacti and succulents . . . . beautiful desert plants! But no whoosy northern plants needing moisture here. These are desert survivors. Desert rats! Desert birds! Desert songs! Desert life!A man's garden of delights . . . tough masculine desert plants here, but with delicate beautiful flowers.Gardening help, botanical research & education, workshops, event facilities, taste of the desert tours, Monarch Butterfly exhibit, garden tours, special music, art and romantic evening events, children's events. So much to do & see, so little time . . . . . even a man will love it here!There is ALWAYS something going on at the PAPAGO PARK DESERT BOTANICAL GARDENS.  I can't make up my mind whether to go down for the "SAHNAS BROTHERS SPANISH GUITAR" event in February or wait for the "AGAVE ON THE ROCKS" in March. Hmmm . . . . which one? which one? which one? Can't do both . . . . Check it out.  dbg.org  TELL ME WHAT TO DO.  Friends are expecting me  . . . . it is cooler in Phoenix in February than it is in March . . . . maybe I should let the weather dictate?No matter the temperature, this is not a place to miss. A delight of the possibilities of our world. Every size, shape and kind of cacti & succulent from around the world is here. Check it out!dbg.org
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,1/4/2009,177,185,5,17,15>I have fallen head over heels in love with the Nearly Naked Theatre (aka N2T)! It consists of a team of local writers, actors, and technicians whose mission is to deliver entertaining theater free of censorship and corporate/political constraints. Although the theatre is small (seats 75 or so) and the sets are creatively homegrown, the writing and acting are extraordinary. I've seen Metamorphosis, Reefer Madness, The Rocky Horror Show, M. Butterfly, and Time Square Angel all in the last year and thoroughly enjoyed each and every one. I'm a huge fan and want you to be one too. So check out season 10's show schedule and support our local arts. See you at the show!
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,1/3/2009,228,191,18,26,23>This was the funnest class I have ever taken!! The instructor James was really good at teaching. He was quick to correct you if your not doing them professionally. It only takes 8 4 hour classes so you can finish in 2 short weeks. I suggest going with a friend if possible or making some new ones like I did. Studying is always funner with a partner I say!! Especially when the subject is alcohol and no one likes anti-social alcoholics!! It was well worth the money spent and you can use the skills forever, they offer job placement as long as your not a slob. You can even go back and take refresher classes and learn the new popular drinks for FREE whenever you want! If that's not good enough you can go to any another state. They dont just have bartending classes either, they offer bar management & flairtending and I plan on going back. I now know over 150 different drinks, cocktail anyone!?!?
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,1/2/2009,77,33,2,6,8>I love Havana Cafe. I lunch with my grandma here once a month. We meet up before the lunch rush, right when they open at 11:30am. The pollo cubano is all I've ever ordered. It's soooooo good that I don't feel the need to try anything else. The pollo cubano comes with black beans, rice and plantains. The carmelized onions on top of the chicken are sweet and divine.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,1/1/2009,36,29,7,9,5>I've lived downtown for 5 years now and never heard of this place until I saw it on 'Diners, Drive-ins and Dives'...Just kidding. I'm a semi-regular. I say "semi" because I go in series. I'll go four or five times in a two week period and then have to lay off and hit the gym to work off the 20 pounds I gained. But I keep going back.Matt uses a lot of butter when he cooks, which makes everything taste better. The fresh made pancakes and waffles are awesome with real maple syrup. The pork chop and eggs is a delightfully dangerous breakfast, marinated in a homemade pesto sauce (the porkchop, that is - who marinates eggs?). The thick cut bacon strips are great for breakfast and even better in the BLT (which I sometimes order with a fried egg on it for breakfast, a BELT).It looks as though most people are saying this is a '$' place but I would give it '$$'. I have yet to leave there with a bill under $10.Some complain about the wait but I have and answer for that - don't go if you're in a hurry. If you go on a weekend, bring an iPod or something to read while you're waiting.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/31/2008,74,131,1,7,7>This will be my new lunch time hangout!  The Lodge has a nice variety of food.  Something for everyone.  We had Potato skins as an appetizer with a terrific cheese dip.  For lunch we had a  Viena Polish Sausage with caramelized onions, taco salad and chef salad and fries.  Everything was great.The service is fast and friendly.  I love the atmosphere.  It reminds me of a fishing lodge in Canada or Alaska.  Very comfortable, TV's on the wall and a pool table and couches in the back.  The music is eclectic, playing one great song after another from many eras and genres.  Just a great place to hang out!The prices are very reasonable as well.Already looking forward to my next visit!!!!
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,12/29/2008,112,139,12,14,12>How the hell can this place be sitting on top of a Pei Wei and a Starbucks?It's a hip, urban lounge. Spacious, lots of comfy seating including a wall hugging couch seat thingymabob. Kind of a modern take on a 70's era lounge, without the ferns but with the mood lighting. They mix a damn good drink - especially their Margaritas, which are made with a home made mix, not the neon green shit from a bottle. The music is aways downtempo. The mood is chill. I've only gone with friends so far, but could see it making a good stop on a date. It's def the kind of place where you want to BYOC (bring your own company) because there isn't much of a social atmosphere. But for a fun, classy place to go with friends, it's awesome. Once you're feeling sauced up, head down the way to Bikini Lounge and cause some ruckus.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2008,12/28/2008,172,105,3,7,7>Had a great lunch here with my friends Sherry and Brandon. The two owners (I am guessing here, but father and son?) were very friendly and attentive. I had the baba ganouj pita with lettuce and tomato, and everyone else's food looked great (a chicken pita sandwhich and amazing looking lentil soup). I was throroughly entertained by a middle eastern television show (satellite I guess?), and the great mix of locals and business people. The market section is also great- you'll find loads of bottled cooking oils, spices, pickles and other pickled veggies, canned eggplant, cous cous and pastas, as well a fridge section with nice looking prepared foods. Will definitely return!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2008,12/27/2008,7,9,4,7,5>After trying almost every combination, I found my favorite... Twangy yogurt with pomegranate seeds and the japanese gummy candy. Can't remember what they are called, and if I did, probably couldn't spell it, but yumacious-ness all the way. The candy is almost like a marshmallow meets gummy bear. Not sure there is anything else to compare it to...but don't worry, they'll know what you are talking about. I've been a big fan of this place since they opened. Cute atmosphere, great yogurt that is allegedly low calorie (tastes too good, but it apparently its true!), and they also have have crepes... :) Don't forget to get a punch card, 10th purchase is free which will come in handy when you become addicted.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2008,12/25/2008,752,378,2,9,9>BRING CASH!!  just wanted to get that out of the way.  I  didn't catch it when I was reading reviews so now you know. We will definitely be back to Smokehouse. Although not much for decor , this little building serves big flavor.We loved the Pull Pork , Brisket Sandwich, Fried Chicken and my new favorite , smoked corn . Delicious! We went about dinnertime and there was lots of room and pretty fast service.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,12/24/2008,218,116,2,7,5>This is my first yelp review and I couldn't think of a better place to pop my proverbial cherry. So I am a creature of habit and the two times I have been to Barrio I think I have gotten the same exact meal from start to finish. I would say hands down just as good as the first time! Let me start by saying I had never tried guacamole in my life due to the look of the consistency of it. I have a problem with that with some foods. But what better way to try something then being called out by a chick. So, I tried it and it was amazing! Now not having anything to compare it to may make this less reliable, but... The pomegranate that they mash into it was great. It sort of cut through the creaminess. I had the Adobo Pork and for those meat-eaters out there it will not disappoint. For dessert I have had the churro. Unbelievable! For those of us that have only had a fair or Disneyland churro in our lifetimes, this was like a religious experience. It is served very warm with cinnamon ice cream I think. Be prepared to wait for a table or go later in the night because it is smaller and very popular. Oh yeah, the Sangria is tasty!!!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,4/9/2013,509,228,7,16,14>I finally sat at to the sushi bar!  I now know I never want a job cracking open oysters; that guy should get a bonus!  Also, Roka Akor knows how to make some beautiful dishes!   I should start off by saying Roka Akor has great food, BUT I am starting to come to the conclusion that I just need to come to Roka Akor for happy hour or the dinner entrees, not the sushi.  Their rolls (we had the Serrano Chili and Spicy Tuna) were honestly not that exciting and on the small side, but they tasted good and were solidly made.  I wish I had gone with my instincts and tried the Dynamite Scallop Roll, because we saw one being made later at the bar and it looked yummy.  The warm Wagyu roll sounded interesting to try next time too.  I ALWAYS get the BUTTERFISH TATAKI; it is seriously amazing.  But, I should also say you get 5 small pieces of fish for $11, and it would never fill you up.  The octopus salad was delicious but came on a plate the size of a tea saucer with more greens than octopus (maybe 5 pieces of octopus); most octopus salad I have had, the majority of it is octopus.  As Jared R. said the Waygu Kimchi dumplings were not as exciting as all the other things we ate.  I think you just come to expect that WOW factor at Roka Akor and they don't deliver that.  I checked in on Yelp and they offered the Yuzu Mousse dessert with a beverage purchase, which was a pleasant surprise!  The mousse was light and fluffy with the perfect amount of lemon; definitely not rich and over-baring.  It came with a raspberry drizzle that complemented it beautifully.  Not to be cliche, but one thing that was kind of noticeable to my date and I, was out of the 8 people in the open kitchen, one was Japanese.  As for our service this time it was okay.  The guy I went with had never been to Roka Akor and had quite a few questions because they have a unique menu that lacks descriptions, which is fine when you have a knowledgeable waiter- but we didn't. I almost wonder if our waiter was relatively new, because he did not describe things very well and most things were described with adjectives like 'good' or 'great' and he basically just said 'I think I would go with that.'  It really didn't give you much to go on, especially since the menu does not have descriptions.  But, he got the job done and he was fast and pleasant, so I am not really complaining.  What to take home with you: Roka Akor has beautiful, yummy food.  The prices are high and I think you can get just as good, if not better, sushi other places. ORDER THE BUTTERFISH TATAKI. They also have one of the greatest happy hours in town, with outstanding, reasonable food options!
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,4/8/2013,253,195,7,18,16>I wanted to move to Agritopia when my ex and I were looking for a big old house in east Gilbert.  I urged him to consider Agritopia.  I extolled the virtues of the charming neighborhoods, tree lined streets, real front porches, alley accessed garages, the centrally located elementary school for our son, the availability of fresh produce raised within the subdivision, and I went on and on but he wasn't having it.  I think he secretly suspected that I was trying to indoctrinate him into some new fangled 21st century commune or something.  Now I realize exactly what I did wrong.  I didn't force him to come get a meal at Joe's Farm Grill, which just happens to be within a stone's throw to Agritopia and also uses Agritopia's produce garden.  (Or maybe it's Joe's Farm Grill garden and Agritopia uses it?  I dunno, but I do know the two are somehow linked.)    If I had only dragged him into Joe's Farm Grill I could have sealed the deal, I'm sure of it.Joe's is a really neat little place, surrounded by towering Tamarack trees that have been there forever.  The structure was originally the late 1950's to early 1960's ranch style family home (and former farm) of the same family that now owns Joe's.  Also the family has two other top-notch restaurants, Joe's Real BBQ and Liberty Grill.  The house has since been professionally and radically retrofitted into be a sleek, yet still somehow retro, restaurant, with bathrooms that are so fun and funky that you just have to go there and see for yourself what I mean.  (Trust me.)  The restaurant still retains the old front room of the original house, including the fire place, and it is now a dining room.  It's not hard at all to imagine Joe's family settled around their Christmas tree in their pajamas in the mid-1960's opening presents, completely oblivious to the fact that someday their front room would be a seating area for one of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley.  Yep, I said it: One of the best places to eat in the whole damn Valley; that is NO exaggeration.The food here is amazing.  It's wildly flavorful, perfectly cooked, and deliciously paired with different sides and it's all reasonably priced to boot.  They know what they do here, and they do it perfectly.  My personal favorite here is the seared Ahi Tuna sandwich with a Wasabi dressing.  I can't even describe how good it is.  It's just a flat out flavor bomb.  (Tip: I will reiterate that the tuna is seared, so if you get it and are expecting a fully cooked tuna steak you will be confused and perhaps even disappointed; don't be, just eat it and savor the deliciousness of a perfectly seared tuna steak on a toasted bun with a wonderful Wasabi dressing and a zesty Asian slaw.)  It is my favorite sandwich from anywhere, ever.  I have also tasted their pizzas, burgers, hot dogs, shakes (come topped with a green cherry!) and French fries and all have been outstanding.  I really cannot find a single criticism for this place.Oh wait, I just thought of one criticism; that there isn't a Joe's Farm Grill closer to my home, since my ex refused to let us buy a house there.   *pout*
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,4/7/2013,411,271,12,14,13>Airport and Pizza.  Two words that seemingly don't go together.  Who hasn't experienced scary airport food at one time or another?  Well, thanks to the new LGO in the airport, that is a thing of the past.  Airport + LGO Pizza = YUM!  :)While I am aware that LGO has plenty of other great things besides pizza, (breakfast, sandwiches, burgers...) once I saw the wood-fired oven I knew I had to have one.  I chose the basic cheese pizza, which was anything but plain.  Perfectly cooked with a crisp yet somewhat chewy crust and a blend of bubbling savory cheeses.  Large enough to share, but I am not ashamed to say I ate every last bite!Really?  A wood-fired oven in the airport?  I may have to travel more often...
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,4/6/2013,254,406,10,14,12>I love this bar.  I love this bar.  I love this bar.  Honestly, I shouldn't tell you why I love this bar.  I don't want you there.  I would be happy cozying up to the bar and sitting all by myself.  That's exactly what I did Thursday night... until Eric R showed up.  And, to be completely blunt, it went really well for me.  The bartender was a beautiful and sweet brunette whose name I'm sure I forgot the moment she told me.  I am usually really good about remembering names, but I was taking in all the beauty of this establishment.  It is really so much nicer than most of the other bars in Scottsdale.  Heck, it is nicer than most of the other bars in Arizona.  The chandeliers provide just the right amount of mood lighting to the otherwise dimly lit bar.  The happy hour is pretty phenomenal.  I had a salad, pretzels and two glasses of wine.  Eric R had the salad, some chicken lollipops and a couple Goulets.  The tab was less than $50 after tip.  Pretty nifty.  We asked if the Goulets were named after Robert Goulet, but the bartender told us they were after the Will Farrell SNL skit that MOCKED Robert Goulet.  Priceless.I will MOST DEFINITELY be back to Mabels on Main again.  In fact, I am already planning a little get-together there in my head; your invitation is on its way, I promise.  :)
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/5/2013,421,233,5,11,11>The location in Scottsdale is great, but this one is better.They serve up some of the best coffee, espresso and chai tea lattes you could ask for. Based near Mill Ave, it fits right in with that artsy stores nearby and has that "renovated garage" hipster look.Speaking of renovated, they just expanded into two huge new sections! One side offers more lounge seating where you should be able to start ordering craft beer. It's always been there, but now it looks like people are getting used to actually using it more often. The west side wall is gone which opens up a large area for additional seating, cartwheels and lots of other activities. I'm looking forward to seeing how they decorate and update this place, my favorite coffee shop in AZ.
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,4/4/2013,181,218,8,12,10>Great Burgers and it's next to ASU in Tempe. This place is always a fun and a tasty treat. The outside is an old rusty brown building that reminds me of a hippie shack out in the woods. The smell of mesquite smoke and burgers hit you as you get out of your car. The inside is also very hip with a simple old timey feeling such as thick wooden crates for seats, barrels for trash cans and amusing tidbits hanging on the walls.Easy menu to pick from with several burger or chicken options as well as sides. You can choose from Little to Big to Great BIG as far as sizes of burgers. I always get the Great BIG one which is a 1/2 pound of juicy CHUCK with the cheese of my choice and some green chilies. They cook it right before your eyes while standing in line. I also enjoy the onion rings which are beer battled and really big and tasty. The condiment bar is very large with plenty of room to stock up on all the things you would want at a family picnic and then some. Nice.Parking is tricky being next to the campus. Bring change for the meter if you cannot get in their private lot. Also get there as early as possible to avoid the long line of HUNGRY people. CASH ONLY. Enjoy!
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/3/2013,78,144,6,7,8>Addiction: America's Taco Shop pork, aka, pastor. My husband loves the carne asada (I'm not a fan of carne asada, but this is pretty good nonetheless), but let me tell you, the pork is fantastic! I get the pork taco's, burrito, whatever form I can get! It's very casual, inexpensive, and the staff is great! Parking is a wee bit of a pain, because Arcadia Farms is in the hood and they hog the street parking, but it's worth a short walk to eat here...
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/2/2013,363,93,6,18,13>So we got there tonight and it happened to be opening night. Had a bunch of friends who also attended separately and....It was great!It's not fancy (which I couldn't care less about) but the people were as nice and friendly as could be and the food was stellar.Having a father from Canton, China, I grew up eating Cantonese food all my life and only recently have been trying other regional Chinese cuisine - thanks to some good friends.From what I understand, they have imported a Cantonese chef and a Sichuan chef from China. Not positive but the food tastes like it could be the case.We went with the kids & had 5 dishes. All were fantastic.Salt & pepper calamari - delicious.  Light & flavorful. The kids devoured these.Scallion pancakes - absolutely loved. Simple but super tasty.  Will be a staple on subsequent trips.Water boiled fish - this dish was phenomenal. I'm still pretty new to the properties of Sichuan peppercorns but I love them. Fish was excellent with some kind of bean sprout some celery in a spicy sauce. If you're not familiar with Sichuan peppercorns, the start slow & then the heat builds & builds. The really cool thing is that they also have a numbing quality. Same thing. Starts slow & builds & builds. I love it. My friend mentioned to me how you get to a point where when you drink water, it almost seems carbonated from the numbness. Couldn't have loved this dish more.Yu Xian eggplant - this might have been my favorite of the night. I'm not a huge, huge eggplant fan all the time as it's just too soft of texture for me at times. This was still quite soft but the sauce just made it amazing. It's hot, sour, salty & sweet at the same time. Probably my favorite eggplant preparation ever. Think there was also some minced pork in there. Great, great dish.And then we finished with..Lai Tangyuan (glutinous rice balls served in soup) - these were lovely as well. They had a delicate, thin skin & were stuffed with a sweet sesame paste and were served in a sweet clear soup. Great way to end the meal.Super reasonable as well. For me, a great, great new spot for us. Super nice people, fantastic food, great value!Going back tomorrow night with the whole extended family. Woot!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,4/1/2013,102,260,4,10,9>I have been waiting for Fate to open up, I had even tracked their progress a bit while they were in construction phase.I am glad to say my first visit did not disappoint.Beers:Smoked Porter - interestingIrish Red ale - tastyImperial IPA - yummyAmerican Brown ale - goodThey only have one Appetizer which is the pizza sticks.  Basically cheese covered breadsticks with a side of marinara for dipping.  It was good.Hubby ordered the Rustica pizza - garlic olive oil, artichoke hearts, roasted red bell pepper, capicola, gorgonzola cheese.  Since I am not a fan of gorgonzola cheese, I did not really eat it.  I did take a bite to see how well excuted the pizza was, and I must say I found it pretty good with a great crust.  Even though  I had enjoyed the couple bites of pizza, I stopped because the gorgonzola taste would eventually overwhelm me and then I would hate it.  But hubby loved it.Cake pops were pretty good too.  Had the snickerdoodle and the red velvet. Service was friendly and efficient.Solid place I will come back to.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,3/30/2013,128,856,3,5,5>sometimes i wished we lived in dowtown phx. there are just blocks and blocks and blocks of cool eateries and bars and people. such was last night on our night out to visit some friends for drinks at Angels trumpet. the interior space is beautiful...a mix of exposed construction with clean wall tiles and accessories. there as an enormous patio but don't know if they allow dogs. parking tonight was tricky because it was also first friday and we were told not to park in the dirt lot behind the bar or we'd get a ticket, so we found a close street spot. our service was excellently friendly and prompt and kept the water glasses filled. but of course the draw here is beer. OMG the beer! and great beer.....a wall of taps of the nectar of the gods. the pints are reasonably priced and you can do a flight of 6 of any of their beers, even the expensive ones! from 9% to 3% alcohol content, heavy stouts to light lagers and everything in between, you are bound to find an option of beer that suits you here...only problem is, you may get wasted in your efforts to find your favorite!the food was pretty good...a small selection since the focus is beer but my fish tacos were excellent and my wife raved about her arugula salad. what a great find!
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,4/6/2014,240,212,9,11,11>The concept of a golf themed English pub in the desert is so foreign to me that I just had to come here. I had a Boddington and the jalapeno cheeseburger (cooked traditionally English style). The burger was nothing special. Wouldn't have it again, but would have the onion rings. Holy crappers Batman, are they huge. I kinda liked the style the place is set up, and even I am not aspiring to become a regular I will come back here when I need a place to have a beer and a conversation.. and possible some ginormous onion rings. The service is nice enough and the place seem clean. When I was here the clientele make up was of the standard regulars, a Led Zepplin listening couple to my right, and a girls-night-out table with 4 girls further in. The atmosphere was nice. Come try this place.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,4/5/2014,53,316,7,13,11>The hubby and I came in late the other night after bingo, and we were starving.  I have been wanting to come here for a while, so I was excited and it was as good as I could have expected.  Our waitress was so sweet, the food was so good, the drinks were amazing, and the bill wasn't too bad at all! I started with a dirty gin martini, it was spot on.  We had the fingerling potato app, oh man the aoili and ketchup were so amazing with the potatoes.  The pork chili verde meal was very good, the corn bread made it for me, and the pork was cooked so well, tender as can be.  The meaty flat bread my Hubby had was bacon heaven, so tasty.  I can't wait to come back for the sticky toffee pudding.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,4/4/2014,69,573,7,12,7>I am torn on this one.  Food wise it is THE BEST restaurant I have been to in quite a long time.  I loved the ambiance of the couch booths outside and the food and even the wine was delish.The part I am torn on is it felt sleezy in the used car lot vibe.  First off there are chalkboards out front advertising happy hour $1 bottles of wine.  Same thing on the front of the menu.  (Actually it is also listed that way on the front page of their website.) I actually asked as soon as I sat down if that was a joke.  I was informed you buy a bottle at regular price and the second is $1.  You have to ask or turn over your menu to see that detail.  No asterisk, no small print, nothing.  Is that even legal advertising?!Second we had a groupon for 4 flights of wine and 2 tapas or bruschetta plates.  The wine was the first to come out.  We were told they were a chardonnay, a merlot and a cabernet sauvignon all from a vineyard in California.  We first tried the white wine and enjoyed it.  Surprised that it tasted like no chardonnay we had ever had we asked with the menu which chardonnay from CA it was.  The waiter left and came back and told us that actually he was wrong and the flight wines are all tap wines from a barrel made in Tuscon?!?!  What is tap wine?Third when we got our bill only one appetizer was taken off.  When the waiter was informed of the mistake he argued a bit that the groupon was only for one appetizer.  He had to take the coupon out of his pocket to inspect it again.  Then he left and came back having taken off the $4 fries we added on later instead of the $7 Hummus nachos that we had originally ordered as part of the deal.  I pointed it out again and he gave some excuse about timing and the computer taking off least expensive items.  Whatever!Now onto the food... I had:Hummus Nachos - HIGHLY RECOMMEND!Greek Fries - VERY GOOD!Halloumi Bruschetta - Tasty with a relish/pickled flavoringGrilled Filet Mignon - AMAZING!Wilted Greens with Bacon - Good. Parmesan French Toast with Tomato Basil Relish - MMMMM... the tomato basil relish was spicy in a sriracha flavored wayMy friends tried the Bee Hive sandwich.  One really liked it and one liked everything except the thick sliced prosciutto.  I'm hesitant to go back.... but the food is calling to me... what to do... what to do...
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/3/2014,320,428,6,11,11>If you are serious about Pizza your journey begins and ends here my friend. Affable owner, Stefano Fabbri will welcome you with open arms.  To experience Pomo is to experience pizza completely faithful to the vision that was nourished on the slopes of grand Vesuvius.  His new market is also laden with the finest Italian imports.  Close your eyes, listen to the music of Eros Ramazzotti in the back ground, and take a deep breath. It might look modern and sleek but it is still Italian to its core.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,4/2/2014,185,193,13,16,16>This place is super cute. An historic home converted into a bar/coffee shop/cafe/live music venue. They have a surprising large bottled beer selection including a lot of microbrews. This past Sunday they had a beer of the day for only $2, not sure if that is an every day event, but it was a great deal. When the cashier told me she was out of the beer of the day, she said I could substitute for any other beer for the same price - sweet!Service was very friendly, so whatever problems they may have had in the past they seem to have fixed (or fired!) The seating is cosy, albeit limited. The patio is a nice touch when the weather cooperates. There is artwork for sale on the walls, but struggling artists won't be struggling for long if they sell them at those prices! The problem is, they probably won't sell because of the prices, so the artists will remain struggling.The menu leans to the healthy side, but not to the extent of chickpea and cardboard burgers at Pita Jungle (thank god!). I think they call the sandwiches "Artisan" which is apt. The portions are big and the prices reasonable. I had the Smokey Joe on my last visit and a Reuben the previous time. I think the Reuben was the sandwich of the day, didn't see it on the regular menu this time. Both sandwiches were great. The only negative is the parking. There is a little parking lot behind Hob Nobs, but because 3rd Ave is a one way street going the opposite way from McDowell, you will have to navigate around the neighbourhood a little before you find it. Then you'll find it to be full and you will curse Phoenix's one way streets and drive around the neighbourhood one more time to try and find street parking. It's worth the hassle though.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/1/2014,78,71,7,22,22>Genius. That's the word that completely describes Frank Lloyd Wright. Everything about this place is genius. Even the location is genius. There's something here for everyone. A bit nerdy? No problem, you'll be fascinated by how FLW designed things. What looks simple is actually quite complex when you examine it closely. Into the beauty? Also no problem; he has no problem using bright colors to please the senses.. Into landscaping and the desert? Got it covered. I recommend the 90 minute guided tour for full impact.  It'll be the most peaceful and educational 1 1/2 hours you've spent in a long time.Tip: If you buy tickets online (go to their site) you can save a few dollars.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,3/31/2014,189,498,11,17,17>Met Rand H and Mike C and Jackie C here for lunch today.  For a chain they do a pretty good job of making sandwiches, salads and soups.  And in the American tradition almost anything you order is more than you really need.  But it is good and you keep eating! :)
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/30/2014,280,572,12,15,16>Hands down, my favorite pizza ever!  I can no longer imagine anything better than Lorenzo's White pizza.  This super simple pie of ricotta, garlic, and mozzarella won me over at first bite, actually at first sight once I saw the size of it.  I owe a HUGE thank you to my husband that could not us.  Had he showed up, he would have insisted on your standard red sauce pepperoni pizza, although I have a sneaking suspicion Lorenzo can conjure up a pretty good pepperoni pie, too.  Even mister red sauce had to admit the leftovers were pretty darn tasty.  And the garlic knots?  Pure doughy deliciousness.  And Shannon M, you displayed the ultimate act of friendship prior to abandoning Arizona, by hooking me up with Lorenzo.  I might need to buy your house just so I can live closer to him!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/29/2014,650,610,14,29,17>This is my favorite Fox Concept restaurant.  I couldn't believe it.  The place is beautiful and so far the food we have tasted has been amazing.  My husband cannot get enough of the Korean skirt steak.  I took a few bites and I almost wanted to order that.  I rather save my calories for the drinks and dessert.  The Fig and Ginger mule is my favorite, specially when Tanner makes it, although Christina did a really good job also.  I cannot have enough of the Croissant Bread Pudding, it is a diet buster, but so worth it.  Next time I am going to have the salmon appetizer, the person sitting next to us at the bar recommended it highly.  It looked delicious.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,3/28/2014,134,181,19,21,15>I am the first one to admit I am completely obsessive. When I get fixated on something, I will fret and research and scout around until I find it, ideally at the lowest price possible; half-assed substitutions not permitted. But usually these obsessions are relatively minor, you know, like the perfect vintage Chanel bag or something. So imagine my SO's dismay when I first went to Lux's new location and came home over the moon about a couch. Not just ANY couch: a midcentury semi-circular loungey tufted piece covered in butterscotch pleather that just screamed SWANK. Serendipitously, our 7-year old Ikea couch was nearing its expiration date. GAME ON.I turned the interwebs upside down looking for something similar. I learned there are lots of really ugly round couches, and lots of Miami Vice-flavored "modern" pieces, usually resplendent in white leather. I made my SO go back to Lux two more times, once for spy photos of the couch for more details, and once to ask the owner if they wanted to sell it. (No.) I scoured eBay, Craigslist, Etsy, and chi-chi modern furniture sites like a frantic squirrel. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. I eventually learned the couch came from Red, and with baited breath I contacted them, knowing full well that the pieces they deal with are exceptional in quality and price. Well, the day they told me said couch cost almost as much as the down payment on my house was a very, very dark day. Don't think there wasn't a lost hour of me wondering what I could sell and what I could skimp on to make it work. Thank God reality set in. The second that couch came home, one of the cats would inevitably jump right on it and projectile vomit a big fat hairball all over it, just like the little bastards did to the fancy Restoration Hardware duvet cover within 30 minutes of it being placed on the bed. THIS IS WHY WE CAN'T HAVE NICE THINGS.I was still licking my wounds from the Red incident, morosely scrolling through Craigslist, when the skies parted and glitter-farting unicorns came flying down. There she was, covered in stained cream and beige nubby fabric and lumpy pillows. My semicircular goddess. She needed a face lift, but her potential shined through. To whom could I trust her makeover?Leonardo at UFO was recommended by virtually everyone I spoke with, and he seemed up for the challenge, despite the frantic Crazy White Girl vibes I was emanating while explaining my obsession with the Lux couch. Thankfully Leonardo read my neurosis loud and clear. He checked in with me through the whole process, handling me perfectly with kid gloves. He brought his staff to Lux to see the piece and took photos as to recreate it as closely as possible. Mind you, I am no upholsterer, but technically this had to be ridiculously challenging -- the curves, the blind tufts, the angles of the tufts, the removal of the arms and part of the back. The quality of the workmanship on the finished piece is incredible, and somehow they managed to turn it around in about three weeks. Just amazing. Was it pricey? Well, define pricey. After house-down-payment-pricey, car-down-payment-pricey ain't nothin'. And you get what you pay for.Perhaps the most pleasant surprise of the whole process was Leonardo's shared enthusiasm for the project. He truly thrives on what he does and he radiates that positive energy as a result. He was truly a pleasure to work with and I would not hesitate to recommend his services. Plus, you'll get to meet a really genuine and passionate person in the process! What are you waiting for???In the meantime, we'll be chillaxing on our spectacular new showstopper! (Did I mention, they somehow made it magically ridiculously comfortable too? Go UFO!)
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,7/25/2014,341,77,9,13,10>Los Cerritos serves up the best California Burrito in the area! The burrito itself is HUGE and stuffed with well-cooked and seasoned carne asada, potatoes, grilled onions, melted cheese, and some herbs and seasoning that make this like no other burrito. All this in a freshly made tortilla for only $4.99! When we have a craving for Mexican food, we'll drive past the several other closer restaurants to visit Los Cerritos because the burritos are that good. I wasn't too impressed with the crunchy shredded beef taco, but the rice and beans were good and the lettuce was fresh. Now, I just stick to the burritos because they know how to make a mean burrito! Like Roland W. and Stephen B. mentioned, sure this place doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't judge until you've tasted the food. The staff here are always friendly and take their time preparing the meal (not just thrown together in 30 seconds in a tortilla like they do at the fast food chains). Los Cerritos is a small casual restaurant that serves up some tasty Mexican food!
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,7/24/2014,507,585,9,13,14>(Lyrics The Rolling Stones - Paint It Black)I see the Red Thai and I want to try it outSo many options I want to eat them allI see Chef Chu walk by dressed in his kitchen clothesI have to try the shrimp and some more eggrolls I see a line of peeps and they're here for Red ThaiWith mixed drinks and a beer, both always worth a come backI start to Bo Bite and quickly rate awayUnlike a newbie Yelper I just Bo Bite everydayLocal celebrity Chef Johnny Chu's Red Thai is a new restaurant offering up Vietnamese and Thai fusion food.  As you walk towards the restaurant, you'll notice his signature night light theme; violet, bold red, and let's not forget statue of Buddha!  As I walked into the main room, first thing I notice was Anime movies playing across the walls behind the bar.  The wall is literally the screen projector.  Overall, the place gave off a nice vibe and energy!I came here with a group and as we ordered our drinks and we couldn't wait to be seated to order some bites!  We started off with some appetizers; Spicy Mint Shrimp, Thai Fried Chicken, Saigon Egg Rolls.  All sounds pretty exotic and it was.  I have to proclaim this; I love the Spicy Mint Shrimp!  I could eat that sauce with rice any day and any time!  Spicy indeed, while the onions and mint gave it a pungent aroma along with some texture!  The Thai Fried Chicken was good and crispy and cooked to perfection; the way it should be! The Saigon Eggs Rolls was a nice compliment to finalize our appetizer round; nice and crunchy along with a refreshing papaya salad.  Moving on to the entree we ordered the Sweet Ginger Fish.  The Thai ginger sauce was definitely sweet and it was glazed over chunks of breaded fish.  Overall, I liked it, but not as much as my appetizers.  The sauce was okay, but I would have liked to see the entire fish fried and battered then glazed with the sauce.  I think I'm an old school Asian that can appreciate that sort of presentation. - Enjoy!
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,7/23/2014,509,228,14,25,16>This place is like the chipotle of pizza joints.  Select your crust, your toppings, and sauce, then they fire it up in an 800 degree Fahrenheit oven in TWO minutes!!  The prices are very reasonable at around $9 a pizza and you can get as many toppings as you would like!  The pizza comes out perfectly crispy!The staff was very friendly and knowledgeable and gave me outstanding recommendations.  I highly recommend the whole wheat crust.   The garlic knots are pretty good too.  Also they have a club where you get items for free after so many purchases and access to promotions that they send out.  Just for signing up I got a free cup of ice cream!  If you need some pizza on the fly, this is a way better option than most pizza delivery chains in my book!!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,7/22/2014,446,326,15,13,12>Buttermilk pie with warm caramel sauce. Lived up to the hype...which for me was non existent. I was in the area running some errands and just took a looksie to see what else was around. The antique district of Glendale is not somewhere you will find me often. I had some business in the area and did a quick search to see what I might be missing. Of course Dazzo's is close by, but hot dogs are no longer in the rotation(typing this makes it semi official)Enter this spot which I had never heard of. One look at the buttermilk pie with the caramel sauce chaser was all it took. Grabbed a couple of slices to go to sample at home. I find it best to enjoy these sweet treats at home so as not to scar others with potential orgasmic yummy noises. The noises in question are a mash up of the guttural moans of  the monster in Young Frankenstein mixed with the delightful fakey noises Meg Ryan makes in When Harry Met Sally. Great crust that held up to the silky custard, as well as lovely caramel sauce that I could have eaten off a transient's  taint(don't do this) and enjoyed immensely. Really tasty.Can't wait to head back over here to see what else Shelly makes that brings out the beast in me.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,7/21/2014,181,198,6,7,8>The overall place I like. It had a little of everything. You had decent pho, decent drinks, decent service, random karaoke and live bands, sushi being available and the greatest thing, BEING OPEN UNTIL 2AM. Sometimes, it's a good place to hang out that serve Asian food during the night. I can't think of any other place being open that late and not being a total "bar" or "club" like atmosphere. This place is chill and relaxed but can get quite loud with the music.Come in and order a drink appetizer or pho late at night. Watch some sports or watch some bands or watch people doing karaoke.The service is spotty because of the relaxed atmosphere. So watch out! But it's really nothing to complain about. This is definitely a good late night choice for food and alcohol. ;)
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,7/20/2014,224,119,3,7,4>Very clean and friendly spot in south phoenix that I will most likely visit again. I wanted so bad to give four stars but will most likely review again on my second visit. The soda I wanted was out in the machine and the surf and turf burro was supposed to have chipotle shrimp and it seemed like it was missing sauce or seasoning on it. Everything else I saw there looked very good and I wish I had more time on my original visit to study the menu to order the wipeout burro which looks fantastic and has a yelp deal. The counter staff and cooks are all very friendly and well kept and you can tell they are trying their best to put a good light on their establishment. The salsa was fresh and tasted very good. The burrito was a good portion and filled me up for the rest of the day. The crane Asada and Quac tasted great. Overall I would recommend this place to those looking for a good bite where good restaurants are hard to find area wise.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/19/2014,399,148,4,11,11>When I purchased my new home, I knew I would have to find a company to come in and give the carpets and tile a nice deep clean. When it comes to carpet cleaning there are many options out there, so I did some digging. With a referral from my dad I decided to Try Ken's Steam Away. It is a family ran business, who have taken good care of my dads house, so I decided to give it a go. I called and got an estimate over the phone and was able to schedule the exact day and time I needed. Ken, his wife and son showed up on time and ready to work! They were able to get 4 bedrooms of carpet and all the tile through out my house done in about 2 hours. They were very friendly, informative, affordable and most importantly did a GREAT job. They were able to get all the stains out of my carpet, but one and made the tile look brand new! They left me a free bottle of their carpet cleaner and told me to use that on any stains that didn't come out and give them a call back. Unfortunately I have been so busy moving in I haven't called them back yet, but as soon as I do I know they will get me taken care of! Thanks so much for making my new house look like it has brand new carpet and tile! Great job!
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,7/18/2014,107,68,3,10,4>When I think of delicious and filling comfort food, Persian Room is one of the first places that comes to mind. I have eaten here many times over the years and the experience has never been anything but exceptional. It's not cheap but not overall expensive and the portions served are enough for multiple meals.I have had many different dishes but. A few of my favorites are:1. The hummus and eggplant appetizer served withy their fresh made delicious flag bread.2. Beef koobideh. My wife loves the chicken but I prefer the beef. It's a long piece of seasoned ground beef. Sounds boring but is absolutely amazing. I actually like it more then the filet skewer. Totally savory and mouth watering.3. The chicken barg. Simple dish but they manage to make chicken breast juicy, flavorful, and perfect. I don't often order chicken at restaurants but I crave this stuff.The nice part about this place is you can order combos of pretty much anything. Again, the portions are huge so we always end up having leftovers. Makes my mouth water just thinking about it...
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/17/2014,132,125,13,13,12>4.5 stars! To borrow a phrase from George Takei, oh my! We finally tried this place out after hearing about it from several of our friends and coworkers who have lived in the area for quite some time. We read a few reviews, liked what we saw, and made it a point to go. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and shown to our table. The decor is sort of a modern meets rustic look.  Our waitress Leslie came right over and took our drink order.  The menu is huge, and we wanted to try everything on it. Needless to say it took us a few minutes to make our decisions, but then we were ready to bring on the hurt. We knew then that this was simultaneously going to be both the best and worst decision ever for dinner. My wife ordered the Lo Lo's chicken and waffles, I ordered the 8 double D's chicken breast and waffle, and we got an order of fries and corn bread to share. We also ordered two drinks off of their specialty menu, a Keep it Simple for my wife, and the tropical drink for me. Sadly, I can't remember the name of the drink. The fries and the corn bread came out first.  The corn bread was good, but not the best I've had. The fries are hand cut with a glorious seasoning.  Anyone who knows me well knows my unhealthy obsession with french fries...It's rivaled only by my love of tacos. The fries never stood a chance. Every now and then I would pause for half a second to dip one in ketchup, but they were so good they really didn't need it. Shortly thereafter the rest of the food came out.The main course came out on large dishes that were roughly the size of trampolines. My inner fat kid was practically leaping up and down at this point. The amount of food piled on the plates bordered on unnatural. It was about this time that my wife and I realized we may have ordered too much food. We didn't care. We were too busy staring down our plates like two gunslingers before a high noon showdown and furiously snapping photos for our future Yelp post. Our stomachs grumbled with anticipation.The chicken was delicious, juicy, and breaded and fried southern style. The waffles were soft and made to order with their special batter. I went all out, ripping my chicken breast off the bone and stuffed it in the waffle, loaded it with butter, syrup, and hot sauce. With a big grin on my face, I folded it up like a giant delicious taco and ate it like it was my last meal on earth. My inner fat kid was getting worried at this point, because he knew there was more to come. Syrup and butter streaming down my hands, I enjoyed it to the last crumb. The waffle split and threatened to spill its contents all over the table several times, but I'm no amateur taco eater. The hot sauce is medium, with a little bit of a kick but not too much, and a nice spicy offset to the sweetness of the syrup.  Throughout the course of our meal, our table was visited several times by our waitress and other staff members. They kept the drinks filled and cleared away finished plates. Everyone was friendly and made for a great service experience.To finish it off, we ordered the banana pudding for dessert. No true Southerner can pass up banana pudding when given the choice. I grew up on my grandma's banana pudding, so there was a high bar of expectations set. I was not disappointed. The style was different from that of my grandmothers, but it was still very good. They use crumbled vanilla wafers as both a base and a topping. As with the drinks, it comes out served in a large mason jar. Be warned, it's a big serving, so come hungry or be ready to share.  My wife threw in the towel about a quarter of the way through. Rookie.  I tore through it like a Serengeti Lion devouring its prey.My hunger sated and my inner fat kid crying for mercy, I lay down my fork and napkin in victory. I'm fairly certain I ate the equivalent of two days caloric intake. with a smile on my face, I thought dreamily of the Tums sitting on my nightstand at home.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/16/2014,311,459,6,16,15>Being a big fan of pad thai, I just had to try this restaurant on 35th Avenue near  Northern which was near my old stomping grounds. I found their pad thai to be well-seasoned though a bit less dry ("dry" being a preferred style for some pad thai aficionados), and without the cloying sweetness found in this dish when served in some Thai restaurants. Plus, the serving is more generous than in several of the Thai eateries I've tried.The restaurant is modest and the seats in the booths are well-worn but serviceable. Service is friendly and the food relatively inexpensive.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,6/11/2011,362,221,17,13,14>My favorite dive bar in the universe! If you want to go somewhere with friends that has dirt cheap drinks, a rad jukebox, & awesome random people, then JT's is it!Allegedly, I got really drunk here, danced my ass off on the dance floor that exists in my mind, met the owner, got a free t-shirt, ordered a pizza delivered there at 1AM, made several inappropriate life decisions, & ended the night with an $18 bar tab & a taxi ride home. Allegedly.I lost the fabulous free t-shirt they gave me too. The front of it said- DUH! I mean, can you get any more classy than that?If you can't have fun here, then you should see a doctor cause you're probably all bunged up.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,6/10/2011,1710,1170,5,7,9>This is a great local ice cream spot - I really liked the overall vibe and style of the place. The flavors are somewhat unusual (in a good way), and the ice cream is made right here on site. Great alternative to the mega-chains in the area.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,6/9/2011,29,135,5,10,6>Rand H, and myself went here today for the grand opening lunch buffet . The food and lots of it was very good and the right temperature.Even the hard ice cream was not rock hard and easy to scoop. Most of the food here is the same as there other location.But they did not have the great cake you eat!! I had at Thomas and 75th ave.So  we have another great Chinese buffet in the valley to enjoy.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,6/8/2011,742,648,6,25,12>Stefano Fabbri, owner of Pomo Pizzeria, is not only passionate about his food, but he has a contagious enthusiasm that's informative and downright convincing.The Pomo Pizzeria Napoletana at the Borgota in Scottsdale is a sleek and beautiful space. The dining room has soaring ceilings, dark furniture and a mural showing someone riding a scooter in the streets of Italy. It appears to be another trendy, albeit sexy, pizzeria, but it's actually more than that.Pomo recently earned a certification from the Naples-based Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana, meaning that everything from the flour, olive oil, kneading and baking meets exacting standards. This is a pretty big deal considering there are only a few dozen restaurants in the country that have this certification. But the staff doesn't let the honor go to their heads; service is friendly and attentive.Pizza is the name of the game here, and seeing it prepared is a blast. In the open part of the kitchen you'll see a classic red Berkel meat slicer used to prepare the selection of cured meats. This is one serious meat slicer that I can only dream of having in my own kitchen. To see it in action I ordered the Affettati Misti ($14.95), a plate filled with the chef's choice of paper-thin slices of bresaola, prosciutto, salami, olives and cheese.At lunchtime, Pomo serves a handful of Paninis, but these are not the typical grilled sandwiches. They quick bake fresh dough in a blistering hot oven that yields a slightly charred, yet light and crispy bread. Then they stuff it full of Italian goodness, like the Salami Panini ($9.95), which was filled with spicy salami, arugula and mozzarella cheese. Served with a simple side salad, the panini was excellent and satisfying.Like the panini, pizzas are cooked in a wood-fired oven at around 900 degrees. This means that a pizza takes only about a minute and a half to cook. By Naples standards, the pizzas are decidedly thin though surprisingly the crust isn't ultra crispy as one might expect. Instead the crust is light and moist with an excellent toothsome chew.Fabbri recommended starting with the basics, and since he'd know best, ordering the Regina Margherita ($11.95) was on point. The tomato sauce was bright and sweet, then the flavor of the milky fresh mozzarella kicked in which was enhanced by fresh chopped basil.Another way to enjoy the stupendous crust was the Calzone Napoletano ($14.95), which is not your run of the mill calzone. It was filled with spicy salami, tomato sauce, mozzarella and ricotta. Each creamy bite deserved another, as I wickedly ate the whole thing.What better way to end than to order dessert? While they do have standards like Tiramisu ($7.95) and Panno Cotta ($7.95), the light and airy Semifreddo Di Mandorle ($7.95) was a standout. Each bite of the partially frozen mousse was accented with a toasted pistachio crust. More please.With a passion for tradition, this might be as close to an authentic Italian pizza as you'll get without going to Italy.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,6/7/2011,411,271,10,14,15>Best. Gyro. Ever. Yes, they have plenty of other items on the menu, but for me, their Gyro is the gold standard by which all others are measured. A typical visit to Z's with my FFY* consists of reviewing the menu, considering new things and then deciding to get what we always order. If it isn't broken, don't fix it!  My personal favorites are: Gyro - Z's is generously filled to nearly bursting with juicy and flavorful Grecian Delight. No Kronos here, like so many others serve. I like mine without the tomato and onion, so I can enjoy the cool lettuce and perfect amount of tatziki, embraced by a soft, warm, pillowy pita. I have yet to finish one, but have certainly enjoyed trying! Falafel appetizer - crisp on the outside and tender inside, these falafel are complimented by a side of hummus and warm pita. If you are really in the mood for a decadent and potentially heart-stopping treat, try the Z's Crazy Fries. These fries, topped with cheddar and Feta cheese, are fantastic when dipped in tatziki! While this family-run restaurant is not going to blow you away with its beauty or ambiance, you will keep coming back for the food and the friendly staff. Now if I can only convince them to move a bit closer to where I live... * FFY - Favorite Former Yelper
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,6/6/2011,540,167,13,12,9>I'm giving you five stars because I love you. And I truly think you deserve it. But it's early. I'm tired. I just ordered a coffee and two of my four modifiers were wrong. ICED? Check. BLACK? Check. LARGE? What the hell is this puny little bastard? FRENCH VANILLA? There were no pumps of anything in there. Your coffee is the best. At least to me. But when I'm thinking about waking up and getting it the night before and the morning comes and I'm totally disappointed, it's such a challenge to pull myself from this mood. Did you hear that Starbucks just implemented a rule that the baristas can't make more than two drinks at once? It's because we're only human and we fuck shit up. Sure, there was a line, but it wasn't out the door. Just relax and listen to the order. Repeat it back. Only work on, at max, two things at once. I would have just said something but I knew I would be rude and I didn't want to be mean so I just kept my mouth shut. Anyway, I read some of your others reviews and I don't think a lot of people are being fair. For the space, I think your choices for healthy foods are inspired. They are the right combination of appeal to the masses and appeal to the hippies. All I want is a really big coffee. 32 fluid ounces. Please. It's important that it's right. If I want a shitty, expensive drink I can go across the street to *$.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2010,6/5/2011,411,144,5,9,8>-Service has improved a lot since my last visit.-Greeted and thanked by Hostess.-Pizza is still outstanding (order the Italian Stallion, it's the best!)-Pizzas came out pretty quickly.-Some tables are too close, do I need to be touching elbows with the stranger at the next table?-Parking was convenient.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,6/4/2011,391,272,7,5,4>Their Mojitos give you awesome dreams.  I'm not kidding.  Last night, after a couple (literally, I only had two, this isn't code for I got wasted... although it usually is), I dreamt that I was in some sort of vampire army where all the guys where hot and shirtless.  Let's just say it was a good dream.  I can't guarantee you too will find yourselves in the rippling biceps of the undead if you drink their Mojitos, but it's worth a shot.Aside from the pleasant side effects experienced later, Havana Cafe is a must try.  If not just for the fact that it's charming.  I'm not a Mojito connoisseur, so my opinion means nothing.  I will say, the second one was a bit too sour for my taste.  I need to go back and try the food to really make a judgment call, but the service was great and the one appetizer I tried was pretty tasty.  I'd probably go for the bean dip and banana chips next time, though.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2011,6/3/2011,67,99,4,11,5>I've tried to pace myself when it comes to bragging up The Parlor, but there have been some tremendous standouts over the last few months that deserve some attention and praise.Several weeks ago, on a date, I had one of the best seafood dishes I've ever eaten.  Wild caught Sturgeon on a bed of cippolini onions, purple fingerling potatoes, fava beans and a watercress puree with some greens on the top.  My date, who doesn't like fish, ended up eating half of the dish!  Truly great.The other standout was the Spring Farro Risotto.  I never thought that risotto could come across as light, but this dish does.  Farro rice, preserved citrus, asparagus and spring peas all come together beautifully.  I had to force myself to stop eating in order to ensure I had leftovers for later.It's pretty obvious that I'm a Parlor fanboy.  I don't feel bad about it though, they had to work pretty darn hard to make me this way.  Keep up the amazing work!
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,6/2/2011,736,547,4,6,4>I don't get out to North Scottsdale often, but after visiting Bloom I may have to change that. The place is well designed, big, open, gorgeous color scheme yet still classy and intimate. Stopped in for lunch and had the pastrami on pretzel bread, with swiss and dijon mustard. That sandwich was divine. Pretzel bread is my new obsession and theirs was toasty and delicious. I also tried the chopped salad, it was so incredibly fresh I didn't need dressing. I am a huge fan of Fox Concepts, and I am happy to add this one to the list of recommendations.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,7/12/2009,37,40,12,7,8>Noca, Noca, Noca...I've been wanting to try you for a while..but with child in tow..I was sceptical about trying you out....do I heart you to death right now? yes! K...so, let's rock the nitty gritty...I ate there a few hours ago and HAD to share... When I walked in, they totally didn't even bat an eye that my daughter(8) was with me...patrons however gave me "the look"...little did they know she was totally in the kitchen later with the chef makin their little cloud of heaven... Ok..so the most phenom wait / bus staff ever! EVER!!!! I applaud you!! If I could have raised a glass to all of you and thought the some what persnickety crowd would follow I would have. But , you know the "Arcadia crowd"... God forbid..they acknowledge where they came from and may be again ...anyway..hat's off to the training and ridiculous management skills you have developed! Like I always tell anyone I have ever dated...it's the small things that count ( d--- exclude) and attention to detail ...NOCA covers it all.... the teeny mad hatter tea cups with soup and the perfect olive oil dipping trays.. I don't heart much these days....serious..check this sh-- out..fo real! If I could put up with the dbag letch next to me for this....you know ..;or please know,..NOCA deserves a visit. The kitchen was a tad slow, but they were slammed all at once..and it's actually nice to have a slow meal, and give each coarse the attention it deserves...they made up for the wait, by bringing Little Tea Cup's of Pea Soup, and Corn Soup, which I snagged from my daughter...then a bowl of tomato gazpacho..(which I couldn't eat, as I am allergic to tomatoes), the waitress did not bat an eye..she whisked it away...and replaced it with an asparagus toasted pine nut salad..yummy! (All of this was complimentary).. I had an Ultimate Vodka Martini..fabu! Nice, Cozy  little 6 seat bar..if the dining room looks crowded, look a little further back to your left and see if you can squeeze in there..good seats and a bird eye view of the crowd.k...so..the lobster ( pronounced) LOBSTAAAAA roll only on Wed. ..I was all trying to be healthy and not eat as a sandwich, at 1st...and it was ok...then I picked it up and had the whole enchilada ....f--- me all the way to heaven and back...you have no idea...I thought about not telling you for like 2 point 4 seconds flat..then decided if you want to have the big "O"..get off your ass and go....just stuff the big ass delight in your face..boss, date, Mom, lookin at you...doesn't matter ..you will thank me later. I have had to cut a lot of food out of my life lately...but NOCA was like ...whatever..bring it on bitch...Thank you for rockin my pallet tonight! The chef...so inventive on every level....the food speaks volumes... but what rocked me was the manager asking my daughter to meet the chef and go in the kitchen to help make the little puffs of heaven .... wait for it....wait for it....home made right then and there-COTTON CANDY! My all time favorite childhood treat. I renamed them Rockin Heaven Puff's last night. They bring them out after your meal....and they'll bring you 2..not that I would know... or anyone else they were gone so fast..I think I licked the bowl...oh geez, do over.NOCA....you are the date I dream about! If yelp had an "O" rating ...you would have it tonight!
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,7/11/2009,742,648,18,16,17>I have a simple life, big and small, soft and crispy, full of obvious contradictions and some surprising incarnations. The life of a tortilla is much like anyone else full of glamour, large family drama and constant transformation. I'd like to share that story with you here today, my life as a tortilla.Ever since being a young kernel of corn I've know I was different from the rest of the ear. While the other kernels longed to be cereal and ethanol, I knew that I wanted to be a star. Celebrated each and every day, giving promise of a brighter and tastier future. Then it happened, I was suddenly plucked, mashed, rolled and pressed, being transformed from the ugly duckling into the beautiful swan I always knew I was. Destined for greatness in the kitchen of Mi Patio, I knew it was all coming true for I am the corn tortilla.From the second you walk in the door of my home, you can sense my presence. Bold colors, comfortable seating and smiling faces were all there to celebrate my life and times. As soon as you are seated a hot, lightly salty and crispy bowl of me is sat onto the table. They've cut me into triangles so I'm easier to handle, then I'm deep-fried golden and simply beautiful. My 2 friends, Mild and Spicy, are a couple of salsas that love to hang out all over me. Go ahead, grab me and dip me deep into one of them, slather me in their tomato goodness, I deserve it as much as you do. I have another friend, the cold and refreshing Margarita ($1.75), who simply completes me. Enjoy them slowly while the wandering minstrels play requests from my motherland of Mexico, this would bring a joyful tear to me eye, if I had one.On the menu you can find many of my brothers, sisters and cousins. My cousin Quesapilla ($6.35) is a real show off though his beginnings are quite humble. Some also call him native fry bread but I just call him a crowd pleasure. Stuffed with gobs of cheese and griddled until melted and bubbly, he tastes just as good as he looks. Spoon on some fresh pico de gallo and you'll see why the ladies swoon and the men groom. My sister from another mother, Quesadilla ($5.95) is a total sweetheart. She's wide, thin and crispy all covered with cheese and I mean that in the nicest possible way. She, Mild and Spicy have a triad relationship, all complementing one another in each melted bite.Baja Chicken Burro ($8.35) is one of my favorite uncles. He's the uncle who shows up delicious and golden brown, draped in an outrageous creamy coat of sour cream and cilantro, Id have to say he is all about glamour and fashion. Much like season 1 of Project Runway where Jay McCarroll and Wendy Pepper would cat fight every single week, my uncle Baja simply does not get along with auntie Huevos Rancheros ($8.35), a snide but delicious bitch. Her fluffy eggs are perfectly cooked, her delicious Ranchero sauce and her rice and beans make for a satisfying anytime platter.Not liking to sound like a total me-me, I do have to say that I taste pretty good wrapped around Carne Asada con Pico de Gallo ($11.75). Tender steak grilled to a nice medium and served with pico de gallo, rice and beans. All you have to do is fill me up with some of your juicy meat and it's a win-win scenario. I get to soak up your meat juice and you get to eat all 6" of my round deliciousness.Every family has a black sheep and mine is no exception. Coming from a Greek father and a Mexican mother, Gyros Chimi ($8.50), is one of mystery and excitement. Inside she is full of tender slices of roasted gyro meat, gently deep fried then she's covered in the perfect accessory, creamy cucumber sauce. To add to her difference she is served with a hearty baked zucchini complete with sliced onion and a rich tomato sauce. You'll have no idea what you're getting yourself into until you take your first bite, delish.Unlike auntie Huevos, the Chorizo and Egg Burro ($6.55), is tasty and uncomplicated. Any chance I get to soak in sauce I'm so there! Try the #106 Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Rice & Beans ($8.55) for a celebration of soak. Stuffed with cheese then covered in a slightly sweet and spicy sauce I taste real good if I can say so myself. I also enjoy being bent over, deep-fried then filled with beef and topped with lettuce and tomatoes. One bite into my crunchy exterior exposes my goods for you to enjoy completely.I'm a firm believer that a meal is never complete without something sugary, it doesn't have to be too big. Fry bread with Cinnamon & Honey ($3.25) is sticky and sweet cousin of mine, who I like to call Fannie. Like my other cousin Quesapilla, she's golden brown, chewy and drizzled with honey and a sprinkle of cinnamon. After tasting Fannie, you might wonder why you've never given her a taste before?Now that I've been able to share so much of myself with you here today, I feel a great peace and inner joy that can only be brought out by my loyal fans. In whatever form I take from a taco to a warm steamy basket know this, I am here for u.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,7/10/2009,391,272,14,9,11>Do you like people watching?  This is the absolute best spot to do it if- A. It's Friday or Saturday night B. Between 1am and 3am.You can't hide from the truth of the florescent lights.  Come see the hot mess you and your friends have made of yourselves after a night of fun.  It's okay, everyone else looks just as drunk and sweaty too.  The entertainment value of this place isn't the only reason I go.  I swear by the sobering effects of a chicken cheese steak hoagie with wiz, loud urban music, and the realization that you in fact are not as bad as the girl hunched over her sandwich desperately trying to find her mouth.  I love this place.  I wonder what it's like in the day time, but I don't want to ruin a good thing.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/8/2009,7/9/2009,236,133,19,20,17>Charlie's has 4 to 5 star potential... Neither my complaints nor my compliments seem to be new to anything anyone else has said but I am egomaniacal so I will go ahead and write them again.They are hip and fun. Dancing for the cowboys and everyone else...as long as you can two step. I was scolded for dancing in a manner that was not the two step...when my dance partners and I cleared it left no one on the dance floor. Yup we were the only ones out there. An empty Dance floor is better than one with non two steppers it turns out.The crowd is good though and you don't have to be intimidated if you are not a cowboy (so long as you are a non-cowboy who can two-step). The drinks are strong and cheap. I went on Friday and they were 75 cents! Mmm cheap booze.The patio is amazing and tent like and temperature controlled. A smoker's paradise.The women folk were asked to take their purses and leave them in the car...you know cuz cowboys don't carry purses. I have been more than once, would easily return again but I can think of more laid back places and laid back is more conducive to fun. Oh on the weekends they do have awesome carne asada outside. I am headed there right now.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,7/8/2009,18,26,5,7,6>This is why I have stopped eating Chinese food and become a Vietnamese food addict...I have eaten here at least 15 times since they've re-opened and have become quite friendly with Sarah and Bill, the English names of the owners. Bill is a master chef and I am starting to understand why I like Vietnamese cuisine now where before, I just knew that I liked it better than Chinese.First off...the Pho. They really don't serve any seafood pho and I've come to realize by eating at other Vietnamese places that even though I love shrimp, it tends to make a rather flavorless pho and if you used a beef or a chicken base, it would overpower the seafood. So beef pho just makes sense. Their pho is terrific. I found it more useful to get one of the more standard pho rather than the 'spicy' and spice it myself. The thing I've learned is to taste the pho broth before I hit it with any of the toss-ins or sriracha. They seem to sell a lot of pho ga (chicken soup), but I haven't tried that...it would be hard for them to beat my mom's authentic penicillin. I will point out that their Sour Shrimp soup was fantastic but it's not a pho.Next - their bun...It's rather simple and plain - noodles with meat of choice (or shrimp/shrimp paste), optional peanuts and egg rolls, accompanied by the sweet fish sauce. The trick I learned here is that you put the chilies and/or sriracha and/or hoisin sauce into the fish sauce and mix it up and then dump it over the bun and toss it all with the fork and spoon. Without sriracha or chilis, bun is something any child would love. This is the absolute safe choice for anyone eating Vietnamese for the first time.Next - their broken rice...Again, it's rather simple and plain - meat of choice accompanied by rice, sliced pickled carrots and green papaya and surprises not on the menu, an egg, mushroom quiche type concoction that is called xeo (not clear on the spelling here) and some thinly sliced salt pork. The first time I got this, I just consumed and the second time, I started asking about the things I was eating. Clearly there is some genius here. Again, the trick here is to mix the chilis and/or sriracha into the fish sauce so you can distribute it more evenly throughout. There are a wide array of flavors, all very delicate and much more enthusing than any sauce drenched Chinese offering. Each time I order a broken rice dish, Sarah tries to substitute the barbecue pork which I absolutely love but it defeats my intent to try something different each time.I have since discovered that Bill makes vietnamese pancakes (quite tasty) and ox-tail pho (probably too fatty for my tastes). The pancakes are easily the most messy things to try to eat wrapped in a lettuce leaf with cilantro and dripping fish sauce. Utensils clearly don't work here.Here's a tip...sit close to the table and don't wear a new clean shirt. On the plus side, none of it is greasy so it won't permanently stain but between pho noodles, bun noodles, drippy pancakes, it's hard not to leave soiled and happy.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,7/7/2009,300,261,13,18,13>Very Cute and Cozy Place! The Food was AMAZING! Seriously I have been thinking about it all day and whether my diet likes it or not I'll be returning very soon! I got the Appetizer Platter which came with a Pupusa, a chicken meat pie, a chicken tamale and beans. (see pics) Everything was wonderful and fresh and oh so Delicious! I would have to tell anyone who has never had this kind of food, do not be intimidated, go for it you won't be sorry, my particular meal wasn't spicy or greasy it was just the best thing I have tasted in weeks and it's definitely budget friendly!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2008,7/6/2009,398,837,8,16,13>Ok, so after a round of shopping with my mom, we were STARVING.  Back when I lived in Scottsdale, there used to be a deli in this place, but since I moved down to Tempe, I didnt know that this place had changed hands.  Its located right off Northsight, next to Golds Gym, and a salon.The place is warmly decorated.  wood decor, with warm red colors.  Very relaxing and refreshing to walk into.The menu here is somewhat simple.  Part breakfast, part lunch, with a few options to those who are hungry.  I got the omlette, with tomatos, cheese and onions.  When it the food came out, it was so tasty!!  My mom had the crepes, and said it was the best crepes she has had in some time.   Best breakfast that I have had in some time.  Plus, our server was wonderful!!!  I would love to eat here more often, as I think it was worth the gas and time.So far so good, as I would take my parents back here to eat, or friends, dates of whatnot.  Great clean place with great service.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2009,7/5/2009,121,311,7,17,17>Somehow I've become a semi-regular at Lisa G and I'm lovin' every minute of it.  The staff is wonderful and helpful and they seem like a family (there are only a few people that actually work there) which is a nice feeling.The skewer plate is my favorite.  I've ate it many, many times in the last few months.  Some new stuff:  They just re-did their patio and added a ton more seating!  They're also doing Saturday night projected movies on the patio and wine/five course meal pairings once a month.  There is lots of good stuff happening here- check it!
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2009,7/3/2009,189,498,11,12,13>If you want to get someplace on time and you want me to find it you need to allow for some getting lost time.  GPS was invented for guys like me and I don't happen to own one.  In addition to finding this place I had been asked to find another place as well for future reference.  So after 3 trips around Scottsdale Mall (which really needs one of those map thingies) I found the first place and off I went on foot for Bacon.  Using Google I had picked out exactly where the building should be and walked right past it and by the time I crossed the bridge I was getting worried.  So I went a ways down 5th and still didn't see it so I headed back the way I came knowing I had a couple of other options for breakfast.  The sign over the door is much easier to spot heading south.Bacon shares an address with Devils Martini and in fact may be dual usage of the same space.  I know there were Devils Martini placards on the tables.  If they do share the same space it would explain why it looks more like a bar/lounge inside than a coffee shop.  In any event I walked past it the first time without looking close because the building and parking signs I saw first said Devils Martini.  I didn't think to ask the question so maybe somebody will fill this West Valley person in with the answer.  In any event the easiest way to find it is to look for Vidal Sasoon and Bacon is across the street.I was greeted quickly walking in the door and I took a high top with a view out the window.  The person who seated me got my orange juice and soon Tori, my server, came to take my order.  I ordered the first thing I saw that included gravy and potatos.  I think it was called the Big Pig ($9.50, I could be wrong on the name) and when it came that is sure what I felt like (see picture).  3 eggs, 3 bacon, 3 sausages, ham, potatoes with gravy, baked beans with more bacon, fruit cup and a large English muffin.  More like a breakfast for 2 and if I had had a phone number for somebody I saw shortly afterward I would have offered.  In total volume I managed to finish off about 3/4 of it.Food.  I had no problems with the quality of any of it.  Overall it was very good.  The orange juice was about 1/2 ice cubes which was fine at the start but very watered down tasting by the end of the meal.  Subjective to my taste buds the German style sausages did not deliver, I thought they were too fatty/liquidy and lacked any real flavor.Service.  Tori waited on me hand and foot without being intrusive.  I did not have my camera with me and she showed me how to make the one in my phone work.  Looking around all the customers seemed pleased to be there.  One of the nice things about eating in the first wave before the crowds arrive is nobody has had a chance to ruin the servers day so everybody is pleasant.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2009,7/2/2009,348,195,16,20,18>I'm officially in love with Sol Y Sombra. I wasn't sure if I had room in my heart to love another tapas place, but turns out I'm shameless and can love many at one time. My visit to Sol y Sombra was on a beautiful spring evening. Mr. Hottie and I decided to go out on a date. There was a nice breeze so we chose to sit outside. We were greeted by a server that was QUITE enthusiastic almost to the point of annoyance, but hey he was friendly and attentive. We looked over the menu and I suggested that we order every single item on it. I was reigned in and made to pick out 6 dishes. We ordered the: *Tortilla Espanola -amazing, I could have devoured the whole slice by myself. *Brussels sprouts- I didn't like them. For some reason the cook must have gone crazy with the lemon. We sent them back. *Chilled Asparagus w/Romanesco sauce- YUM! Big thick spears of asparagus covered with a creamy red sauce. *Gambas a la plancha- LARGE shrimp with a garlic aioli. The shrimp were tender and juicy. Fantastic. *Skirt steak ala plancha with romanesco sauce- tender, juicy nice char flavor and more of that glorious sauce. We washed it all down with copious amounts of sangria and I was in heaven! I will CERTAINLY return to Sol y Sombra again! It was a relaxing spot with great food and good service.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,1/17/2009,92,86,25,21,21>You know that episode of Seinfeld where George eats a pastrami sandwich while banging his girlfriend? Well, if he'd been eating Pizza A Metro, I'd totally understand. So. Fucking. Good.My friend and I split the cheese ravioli in a creamy tomato sauce and a pizza with sausage, broccoli and mozzarella for lunch.The ravioli were like little pillows of heaven filled with the silkiest melt-in-your-mouth ricotta I've ever tasted. The pizza had that chewy-crispy crust thing happening, and the tomato sauce was incredible - simple, fresh, still a little pulpy.Everything was homemade. And when I say "everything," I mean they make their own MOZZARELLA, people. Yes, mozzarella. I know how to make a lot of stuff from scratch -- bread, pasta, pastry dough, whatever -- but cheese? I've got no fucking clue. Not only does Pizza A Metro have a clue, but they're so goddamned nice, too. Case in point: After chatting with the owner throughout our meal, he brought out a slice of the tiramisu. No fanfare, no warning. Just set it down and walked away. We practically licked the plate. Go there. You won't be disappointed. But if you see me ordering takeout, just pretend you don't know where I'm headed with it.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,1/15/2009,123,110,11,16,16>Yes, I'd met Sweet Republic's Helen and Jan before I ever set foot in the shop. And Helen and Jan are splendid people. Bias be damned -- the product at SR is brilliant, unique to the valley, and somehow both familiar and avant-garde. I paid my first visit (pilgrimage?) tonight with Kelly B. and her superspy husband. Among us, we sampled everything in the case -- flavors remarkable (cheese course duo ice cream -- roquefort and dates), bracing (basil lime sorbet), and flat-out unfair (mayan chocolate ice cream). I wound up having a sundae for probably the first time in 20 years: mayan chocolate and bananas foster ice cream, fresh blueberries, salted caramel, and homemade whipped cream on top. Kelly's husband had watermelon sorbet. Then he went back for cantaloupe sorbet. I have no idea what Kelly ordered, as I was so absorbed by what I was eating that I entered a fugue state.Everything is made in-house, and Helen has some serious culinary chops. For those who want comfort flavors, SR whips up mint chip, rocky road, belgian chocolate, and other goodies that won't invite cognitive dissonance. What really impressed me was the attention to design in the shop. The place is really sharp, and they went with quite a few eco-friendly choices from aka green and other vendors. Check out the tables topped with kirei board, the recycled glass tiles behind the counter, and the bamboo wall decorations. It's all smashing. ¡Viva Sweet Republic!
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2008,1/14/2009,18,43,6,8,10>Cherry Bar... Don't be swayed by the name... Its a man's bar....  no, no stripper pole!  I wasn't sure what to expect, when I walked in, but when I was greeted by the familiar face of Tom, the bartender ( His abilities are legendary from Padlock and Friends) I knew I was gonna be quite happy! Prior to being baptized "Cherry Bar" ... the place was most recently named "Friends"... it had a great staff and location, but lacked an identity. I understand that changes are underway, and a lot can be expected in the future from the new owners, including a completed outdoor patio area and interior remodel. Personally, I'm happy to see their Men's bathroom is modern, clean and well lit. ( unlike another nameless bar on 7th Street just North of Missouri ..YUK !!!) They also have some awesome drink specials going on.. I was there on a Thursday night... and it was 2-4-1... other specials are Mojito Mondays $4.00 until 11...with karaoke starting at 9! and $5.00 well Martinis on Wednesday! And Every night is 2-4-1 from 11PM until close! So... I'll be here often...... it has a lot of potential... and besides... If you ask... Tom will shake the hell out of your martini the way it should be... frosty cold!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,1/12/2009,6,7,2,11,10>Incredible. We actually were 100% fine with waiting for an hour for a chance to experience this place. It opens at 5pm and you better get there at 3:30p or 4p to ensure you get in during the first round of seating.I have been to Italy. 5 different cities. This pizza and atmosphere were as close as I have gotten while in the states. They have a decent wine selection and an authentic cappuccino.Not only would I recommend this place to EVERYONE I know, I will be going back OFTEN.Worth the drive. Worth the wait. Worth the price. Worth the food.DO IT.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,1/11/2009,367,544,5,20,15>I have this horrible affliction where I have to go to new restaurants when they open, I'm  very impatient. And I do this even though I know that newly opened restaurants inevitably have kinks to be worked out. I have been walking by Sens for months now and I've watched them put it together piece by piece and have been waiting for it to open. And what do you know, it opens the night of the Yelp party. Since I couldn't go to the opening, my husband and I decided to go on the second night. In reality this turned out much better because it was intimate and we were able to take a nice leisurely pace with the meal. Even the servers were saying it was better we came in when we did rather than for the opening since it was crazy and nobody really knew what was going on. I'm giving Sens 4 stars because yes, there are kinks to be worked out. I know that I will be there often given its proximity to my place and I fully anticipate giving it that 5th star once said kinks have been worked out. The Space- Think Asian diner/lounge. Yes, it is small, and the tables for two are not large enough to fit more than one plate at a time (slightly problematic for a place that serves small plates). There is a small lounge area off to the side which would make a really nice space for a semi private party. (They do take reservations, just call ahead). The bar and bar seating are definitely right in the main dining room. The Drinks- They sure know how to appeal to customers. We were offered complimentary shots of their infused drinks of blood orange sake (pass), pineapple sake (good), and lychee shochu (very good). My husband ordered a spicy mama, which had Thai chili infused shochu. My husband adores spicy drinks and this one really made him happy... reminded him exactly of the Thai chili martini that he gets at our favorite Thai place of all time in our hometown. The Food- There is nothing subtle about the food. Flavor is strong and very present. We chose four small plates, as we do in all small plate/tapas restaurants. We find four is always the perfect number. The first dish that arrived at the table was the clay pot lemongrass clams, which I would pass on in the future. The second dish was the volcano flamed beef which I would have to say was the best dish that we ordered, mainly because the flavors were the most subtle here- a little bit of peanut, a dash of mint. We did have 4 strips of steak and 2 lettuce wraps though, putting 2 strips of steak into one wrap was a bit much for me. The third dish was the seseme tofu which was very well cooked. Finally we finished with the ginger fish. When fish is cooked in a banana leaf it should absorb all the flavor from the cooking method, there was no reason for heaps of ginger to be placed on top of the fish. It was incredibly overwhelming. Our side of soba noodles were standard, even if they were delivered to our table after all of the other plates had arrived. They do not offer dessert so don't plan on having it there. The Service- All the servers were very friendly and engaging. They did feel the need to tell us how to eat every dish we ordered which I found annoying. I know there are a lot of people out there who have no clue but its best to ask us if we know how to cook our meat on the hot rock (sort of shabu shabu style). All in all I can see myself here often. The price is just right- the four small plates were more than enough to satisfy my husband and I for dinner and they came to $32 total. They do have kinks to be worked out and the food is not the best I've had but I am positive it will be part of our regular rotation.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2008,1/10/2009,30,66,7,9,9>My 4 stars for Hanny's are driven almost completely by the atmosphere of this converted department store. A friend and I met up for drinks there last Friday, and lingered for around 5 hours (another friend was flying in from NYC and his flight was delayed several times, so the rounds kept coming). Several people have commented negatively on the service, lighting or music, but they must be working out the kinks with all of the above because they were spot-on during our visit. The DJ was spinning a combination of subtle vibe-enducing music mixed with "oh, I LOVE this song" uncovered and unexpected old favorites. The lighting gradually shifting during the evening, so that by midnight it was a cozy and romantic mood. Speaking of, let me just say it: something about this place just felt...sexy. I don't know if it was the music, the lighting, the "baby it's cold outside" week before Christmas, or my malbec-shiraz. The things-could-happen-here feel especially hit me when I went upstairs and saw the unisex restrooms all lined up; white unmarked doors all in a row to their own little rooms -- it was straight out of a Madonna video circa 1995! Biggest watchout: the martini glasses were offensively and ridiculously tiny. I mean, really?!? I had read about this in reviews before going, but I was so shocked at the size that I refused to order one and stuck with wine (which I wouldn't say was a "healthy" pour, but at least took me more than 4 sips to finish). The menu is also relatively limited. We shared the bar plate and a prosciutto pizza (added mushrooms) and enjoyed both, but neither were outstanding or very filling. All-in-all, I will definitely recommend this place to friends for drinks or drinks/apps. It's a unique space with a great vibe and I am sure it will do well once word gets out.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,1/9/2009,1313,191,12,15,17>You know that scene in Fast Times at Ridgemont High where Jeff Spicoli takes one of his Vans off and hits himself on his head? Well that's what I did when I went to this place for the first time.   Why haven't I been coming here for the last 10 years, this place is great!!!  I would say this is the best non-Pizzeria Bianco/Cibo pizza in the valley.  The crust is awesome, sauce and cheese just perfect!The really impressive part is is how picture perfect the pizzas are made.The lobster ravioli were huge, easily enough for two.  Baked Ravioli's were better that average but needed more basil or something.You really can't dine here, so it's take out or delivery.  They have one table and a few other seats inside if you had to eat here I guess you could.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2008,1/8/2009,156,265,23,19,17>Today, Hubby and I rode from Jefferson and 12th St. (the stop closest to our house) to Mill Ave. and 3rd St. in Tempe to check out the Metro Rail and have lunch at Rula Bula. Christ Almighty, it was crowded. Both ways we waited for the next train because there was no room on the first one. There was really no room on the second one either, but it was squish or not bother going. I can also see that there will need to be some training of Valley passengers regarding rail etiquette:1. Give the people getting OFF the cars a freaking second to do so before barrelling in. 2. Don't sit on the floor of the car. Not only are you more likely to get stepped on (especially if the conductor sucks, and the one on the return trip had a lead foot), but you are also taking up 2-3 times the space of someone standing. 3. Wear deodorant, people.4. There's no need for you to stand on the edge of the platform and crane to see the cars coming. It will not make the Metro Rail come any faster.5. Be considerate of others, and maybe not rap loudly about "it's yo' birf-day, so I'm a-gonna kill you," on a crowded rail car. Now, I do have high hopes for the Metro Rail, and Hubby and I already have plans to use it again this week- but we'll be waiting until the free days are over. Full? I hope it will be. Crazy, chaotic, and dangerous? We hope that will not be the case regularly. There were many people around us who admitted they were riding it with no destination at all, just back and forth, up and down. Wish I had that much free time.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,1/7/2009,122,215,7,14,14>I think grand is a word I'll be using over and over to describe the decor of Amarone.  It looks nothing remotely like Pizza a Metro.  From the gates through which you enter the restaurant, to the enormous round marble bar which has lights shining up through it, to the giant chandeliers, it seems that the recession has not hit this part of Scottsdale.  The grandeur seems out of place in this tired strip mall with its bowling alley and assortment of small businesses.  But once you're inside, you feel like you're in a different world - somewhere between a restaurant in NYC's Little Italy and a swanky hotel bar.  Maurizio and his friendly team were gracious enough to seat us even though we arrived past 10pm on a weeknight (kitchen closes at 10pm).  The fresh out-of-the-oven pita-like bread that Metro is so known for hit our table first with a side of caramelized onions and other aromatics.  We really liked the light coating of olive oil and salt on the warm thin bread.  Then came our order:Stuffed Mushrooms $10 - shrooms stuffed with sausage, ricotta, parmesan in a lemon garlic veal stock reduction:  lots of flavor although the stuffing tasted a bit too much like liver for one of usShrimp Scampi $11- half dozen large butterflied shrimp in a lemon butter white wine sauce:  the shrimp were huge but unfortunately lacked flavor Homemade Gnocchi  $14 - in a tomato sauce with cubes of mozz and basil: the light and airy gnocchi was definitely our faveI found the sauces on my two apps a bit unbalanced and the plating old-fashioned.  It seems that the dishes that Metro are known for are still the stars here.  Given how large the menu is, I really need to come back and try a few of the 16 pastas ($14-$23) and 17 mains ($18-$28) before I can give a real verdict.  Get the word out: Amarone is open for business!
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,1/5/2009,176,83,18,19,17>Holy Elephant Balls, Buddha! This place is incurrydible!!! Okay, okay I'll stop.So my wife and I decided to hook up for lunch.  She works downtown so I decided to head down that way and pick her up.  I suggested Thai Elephant because I had never been, and she raved about the Pad Thai she had ordered a couple weeks ago.  It's located on Adams just West of Central Ave., and parking is scarce.  Make sure to have some change for the meter!I knew I was at home when I saw the "People Love Us On Yelp" sticker on their door.  It was about 1 pm so the lunch crowd wasn't in FULL effect.  There were about 10 empty tables in which we had our pick. We sat by the window.  My wife ordered the Drunken Noodles with Chicken (a la medium), and I ordered the Green Curry with Chicken (a la medium).  A round of Thai Tea was also added to the bill.  Our food came out in about 4 minutes, which came as a shocker! Yes, I said shocker... I was pleasantly surprised!The moment I slammed my chompers onto the emerald dripping chicken, I became green with envy. Envious of all the people who have eaten here in the past and had such a precious secret hidden up their sleeves.  I sniffled a bit, but not from emotion.  It was the green curry and its beautiful spices stroking my mucus glands in just the right way.  A bit of rice and a sip of the Thai Tea (I'll get into in a second) and I was right back on track.The Thai Tea. Ooohhhh, the Thai Tea!  It was $2.50 and twice as large as the ones I order from The Street.  It was like being chosen by Ganghis Khan to sit alongside him in Xanadu and drink the Milk of Paradise (Rush Reference).  It was sweet, as you would expect paradise to be, and creamy. I began to float out of my chair and harpies wiped my nose as I sipped the golden brown goblet of goodness.Service was SpectacularFood was FabulousPortions were PhenomenalDare I say it? 5 Big Ones, Mr. Elephant... and I shall return!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,6/22/2007,167,315,1,4,6>Well, a disclaimer here..I am a biased reviewer.  I worked at Hava from 5/99-12/02.It is everything I want in a coffee house.  Quality coffee drinks made so you can taste the coffee.  It is not over roasted like the chains.  The munchies are passable.  This has always been of secondary importance here.  I mean...if you are a coffee drinker do you really care that the muffins are the cream of the crop?  Probably not.  Do not get me wrong there is nothing bad about the munchies it is just that it is always just better than average.That's A-O-K in my book though.  The staff is usually top notch.  Given the demands of a small staff, a high energy coffee house, demanding (in a good way) clientle, and the need for mad social skills there is a dichotomy of employees there.  On one hand there are employees that are like myself..there for many years and on the other many who only last a week or two.  Once an employee fits in they can be counted on to give you great personalized service and high quality coffee drinks.Honestly, if you are a seasoned coffee drinker you will prefer to hit this place on the Camelback Corridor rather than the chain places.  Sure, you may have to wait a little bit longer, but that will give you more time to witness the denizens of Hava.  There is a tight knit, and large, regular crowd who take time out of their days to spend time at hava.  You'll see why they do and you'll start to make extra time for the daily visits in your routine.If you read this say hey to Jake on the coffee cart out front and tell them Chris from San Fran sent ya.Cheers!
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2007,6/21/2007,94,40,3,2,4>My son has a cowlick that can stop any decent hairstylist on his/her tracks. Throughout his young 8 years, he has visited almost every hair stylist in every hair salon chain in the southeast Valley, with and without the video game equipment. While these gifted hair gurus can find a solution to keep his crazy cowlick at bay, the solution is often short-lived. A week after any haircut, the cowlick is at it again, growing unusually faster than the rest, creating the look of a rooster's comb at the very top of my poor son's head.That was until he met face-to-face with the cowlick doctor, Ralph of AA Barber Shop.AA Barber Shop--a non-pretentious joint where young boys become dedicated to the one barber of their choice, who will groom them the same way each month until they become men. It's a place where men, who are long-time customers, bring their sons as part of a tradition. It is a place where moms sit quietly, patiently wait for their sons to get their haircuts without a single peep simply because there's too much testostorone going around. It is a place where cowlicks don't stand a chance!I am grateful for this place, grateful for Ralph for taming the wild cowlick, and grateful that a $2-tip is still happily accepted.Boys, you ought to check it out!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2007,6/20/2007,45,33,,5,2>The perfect neighborhood coffee shop, family owned and operated, and a welcome alternative to the ever-present Starbucks.  It's comfy, clean, and truly quality coffee.I started visiting Inza for RefreshPhoenix.org meetings.  The owners are very welcoming to groups and on more than one occasion have stayed open late for us.  They have a projector and screen which makes things even more convenient.  And free wifi - just ask for the passcode at the counter!
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2007,6/19/2007,28,189,,4,3>Solid brunch place!  Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot! Even though I had a pretty plain item - pancakes, eggs, and potatoes, it was all very good.  Highly recommend the protein pancakes, which have oats and blueberries! They were super delicious, and had a nice, fluffy, texture.Even though I was the only person who ordered ice tea, they brought a whole pitcher so I could refill at my every whim, which was often, because Arizona is friggin DRY and I wasn't used to it!Minus one star because there's nothing extraordinary on the menu (no unique specials or anything), but everything was delciious.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2007,6/18/2007,219,1274,8,5,6>There are trailers around here, so work that pays $13 bucks an hour for flipping burgers and slicing up potatoes is very much appreciated.  They love their jobs.  They have a smile and a cheery hello with every customer.  It is almost like they are given a prozac when they arrive for their shift.  Whatever it is that makes them happy, it will make you happy as a customer.As I've mentioned in one of the other In-N-Out reviews, make sure to acquaint yourself with the "secret menu" on the website.  Have something animal style.  Have some well done fries.  Try something new and live on the edge, you risk taker heartbreaker.Note:  The American Express lunch crew decends on this place like an invading army.  Avoid around the noon hour unless you don't mind waiting.Very likely to be the best burger in town.  If you don't leave town, it is likely to be the best burger in your life!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2007,6/17/2007,302,598,2,2,1>Much like everything else in Arizona, this is very large and in charge and flat.  The decor inside is a southwestern motif of zig zags that gets pretty psychedelic.  The recent renovations to Terminal 4 have been pretty impressive, although I noticed the southwest motif is still alive and well.  The bad thing? If you ever connect in Phoenix, get ready to walk your ass off. Each "Satelite" gate is so fricken far. you are always somehow late at some point.  The great thing about it? Free Wifi. So if you ever get stranded there, at least you can chat and surf the net or what not.  It's awesome.  Randomly this airport has no terminal 1, and terminal 2 was built in like 1950.  Terminal 3 is nice, and Terminal 4 is the "desert jewel" of them all.  Anyway, another complaint I have about this place is that baggage takes 45 minutes to come out. Annoying. Probably because its so frickin far from the gates and its massive! But again, free wifi. Score!
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2007,6/16/2007,31,0,5,3,7>Love is being able to walk into a used-CD store in the complete faith that they will have one particular album by an alternative band that folded over a decade ago.Stinkweeds also has everything else required to convince oneself that one is an edgy 26-year-old of great local and indie musical sophistication FOREVER. Shopping here is the next best thing to having a torrid affair with a tattooed bass player.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,6/15/2007,56,287,8,9,9>An English biker bar rockin' James Brown and pouring ice cold Harp's on tap?Sign me up.This pseudo-hipster meets Iggy Pop on a harley bar is a gem. The drink specials are a plus but the crowd can't be beat. The bartenders are super laid back and even the occasional collared Scottsdaler rolls through, making for a great blend of laid back working folks with partying outcasts. About the farthest possible thing from Axis. Five stars.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/4/2007,6/14/2007,332,375,3,3,2>I like:~the location (close to me)~you can grab a drink after a movie or grab dinner before all in the same area~the theater is traditionally cleaner than mostI hate:~the smell of gas leaking when you walk out of the parking garage after you park~getting stuck in the garage after the movie-- i don't get what the hold up is people???  Have your VALIDATED TICKET in your hot little hand as you approach the exit.  Often times, you can be stuck in the garage for 15 mins.  totally blows.So I gave 3 stars, even though I like the theater itself, it's the parking that deserves zero stars-- so 3 stars it is.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2007,6/13/2007,11,5,4,6,4>I'm on this mad hunt to visit every Chinese food restaurant in all of Arizona - without gaining 200 pounds....  So, I went to China King the other night.  What a strange evening!  This is a pretty big restaurant, but it's odd because it looks more like place to have a low budget wedding than to go out for dinner.  The atmosphere doesn't have much personality.  The bright florescent lighting should have been in an office, not a restaurant.We were seated by the big tanks of live lobsters.  Though I love to eat lobster, this disturbed me.  At one point, one of the waitresses grabbed a lobster from the tank and put it in a small white bucket.  I watched in amazement as the lobster jumped around in the bucket in a mad panic.  Then I thought I was going to throw up.  Here is someone's order, jumping around in a bucket.Look, I know this stuff goes on.  Animals get killed and served in restaurants every day.  But the part that bothered me was I was SITTING RIGHT NEXT the tanks of lobsters on death row (I am aware this may be a personal distaste).Anyway, the service was not the greatest.  The waitress was pleasant, just in a hurry and not really attentive.  We didn't get any water (until we asked) or crunchy noodles with dipping sauce.  I ordered the chicken with vegetable combination dinner, which was very good.  My husband ordered the garlic chicken with vegetables, which he liked as well.  The portions are pretty big as we had enough for another meal for two the next day.So, basically, the food is good and the service is so-so.  If I were to go back, I would get my order to go (and avoid the live lobster show).
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,2/18/2008,151,367,3,4,6>The best sandwich I've had in my life was one I had at the Teeter House ... the Prosciutto, Salami and Imported Provolone sandwhich.  I was so addicted to it one summer, I walked over there maybe 3-4 times a week to order it.  It was bizzare rolling up in a RVCA tee and a pair of cargos and Reefs while the other partrons were having some kind of Royal Family flashback in their feathery headpieces and pinkys skyward.But whatever.  I ALWAYS sat outside under their very large oak(?) trees that shade most of their front area.  This was great for some serious people watching ... mostly tourist wondering why Bianco is closed at noon, but attempting the door anyway.  They would eventually mosey over to Teeter ... good for them!Anyhow, back to this sandwhich.  Its unbeleivable and pretty large with a side of rosemary potato salad and some fruit.  Teeter house also serves beer and wine, which was always nice.  They have a pretty good selection too.My only complaint is that they open too late (for morning coffee -- although once i guess i looked thoroughly disappointed that they weren't open yet early on a Sunday while they were setting up and gave me a free coffee-to-go anyway!) and they close way too early.  If they serve booze, they should mos def stay open til midnight or so, especially with a haunted house for effect.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,2/17/2008,262,233,5,5,5>A sushi bar has to earn my respect. First pass is a quick look-through of the fish in the display. I try to be unobtrusive about it so I don't look like a tourist, but if it's stacked up and already cut, or if I see a big vat-o'-spicy-tuna-with-mayo, or a microwave on the back counter, I'll just flee, or I'll order California roll.Second pass is to throw down the gauntlet to the sushi chef. A triple-whammy order of tuna, fresh salmon and yellowtail sashimi. Typically this order will cost between $30 and $40, so it had better be the goddam best the chef has to offer. Kojisan did not dissapoint. Either later in my first visit or on my second when we had dropped the pretense, he stuck out his chest and beat it with a quick head nod to say he took pride in vanquishing my challenge with ease. It was at least as good as the finest fish I've ever had in the valley (cut and served by Sushi on Shea's KING of the Valley, "Fred"-san).Now, I have spent the last 10 years at Ayako, and over those years, I developed a scale of sushi that is "worth eating". At the lowest level there is "good", then "very good", then "excellent". And at the very top is "life changing". Ayako was always very good, usually excellent, and sometimes if you're lucky, life changing. Hana is always excellent and very often is life changing.Now I realize this seems to be a lot of hoopla about a piece of fish, right? I mean, come on. But if you're a serious sushicon (connoisseur), you know what I'm talking about. Yeah, I know some supersnob sushicons won't look at it unless if's alive just before you eat it. Yeah, that's pretty much a life-changing experience every time, but hey, this is PHOENIX, for god's sake.The third pass is the whole, deep-fried ama-ebi (sweet shrimp). This is a test of their tempura batter, knowledge of just the right size of shrimp, how to prepare it (which pieces of the shell to remove), and of the simplicity in preparation. The resulting presentation can seem scary to the unwashed. Two big eyes are staring up at you, tentacles sticking every which way, now crispy and yummy, and my final squeeze of lemon completes it. The "brains" are the best part.The fourth pass is if they know how to make a proper tamago (cold egg, crepe-like thing). It's fluffy like pastry, and it has seemingly thousands of layers upon layers, folded over and over like the finest katana. Once again, Kojisan presented some of the finest tamago I have ever tasted.The fifth and final pass is the hardest to fulfill. Natto is fermented soybean, which when potent smells like the nastiest stinky socks you've ever experienced. Most American sushi bars won't serve it because it's just too offensive to nearby diners. Those that do serve a toned-down mild version that is like a strong cheese. Natto is best served stirred with soy sauce and topped with the yolks of quail eggs, sprinkled with finely cut dried seaweed. As you are ready to eat it, dump it over a piping hot bowl of rice and devour. Wanna guess if Hana serves it?The service at Hana is edgy. Service uniform is hip, and like most sushi bars, the staff freely yell at one another across the dining room. Although Kojisan keeps the A/C on in winter to flush out loiterers, and even though multiple busers swoop down after your last bite to clear your empty plates, you'll have to wait 45 to 70 minutes at prime-time on prime nights to be seated. This can be awkward in the small corner of the front part of the restaurant without glaring at other seated customers, willing them to get the heck out of your seat so you can sit down. Arrive before 6:40 or after 9:10 if you loathe the wait.Please don't try this restaurant. And please don't tell other people about it. There's just not enough room for us all.  LOL. Enjoy.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2008,2/16/2008,2178,528,25,15,19>When I was little and my parents would take me to a furniture store, I would ditch them, find a living room arrangement I fancied, and play house. Yea. You heard me. I would pretend I was Samantha from Bewitched. Sitting in my Queen Ann chair, waiting for Darren to come home from Tate Advertising, so I could smother him with my bewitching kisses. Then I would twitch my nose, move to the bedroom area, and well, the rest is a little PG 13 so I'll leave it up to your imagination. This Crate and Barrel, indeed, has a fabulous furniture selection. I love it more than Pottery Barn (too shabby chic), Restoration Hardware (more hardware than furniture) and more than Z Gallery (too much purple crap and Melrose meets a brothel type stuff). Not to mention all the other goodies from dishes to pillows to glassware. Crate and Barrel strikes the perfect balance between contemporary stying, fair prices and quality. So, if you ever see me, talking to myself, while lounging on a chaise here, you'll know what's up.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,2/14/2008,17,25,,7,12>As with all Ironman competitions, especially in North America, one of the hardest and trickiest things to do is registering for one.  Forking over $500 is the easy part if you can even get a spot.  Registration for an Ironman race opens up the day after the race allowing those who stick around first dibs, which is where the majority of the slots are snatched before allowing online registrations.  Even then you have many people waiting online ready to pounce and selling out in  a matter of hours.  Ironman Arizona, being fairly new and as an early season triathlon (April) dissuades people because it requires long cold winter training days stuck indoors while mother nature lets her bowels loose across the country.  But no more, treadmill and trainer sessions will give way to sultry summer workouts because race organizers have decided to move it to the end of the season, November.  2008 will see two Ironman Arizona races, the last early season race in April replaced by the November race. Ironman Arizona is well organized, well marked, and very spectator friendly with the bike and run course looping three a piece.  The swim takes place in Tempe Town Lake.  I've heard horror stories about the water quality but I personally had no problems swimming in it.  The early morning sun makes it difficult to see when you first start off the one loop course.  The bike course is relatively flat but every other year so far the wind has made it difficult to pace evenly, it's either at your back or in your face on this 3 loop out and back course.  The 2007 race had wind gusts reportedly at 30mph.  What many people don't realize about a flat course is that it requires constant pedaling, there is no reprieve going down a hill because there are none.  The wind can also be a source of trouble on the mostly flat 3 loop run course.  With aid stations fully stocked at every mile I found it unnecessary to run with my hydration belt.  When you finish make sure to have a clean set of warm clothes to change into so that you can stick around a bit and cheer others on.Completing an Ironman is a race like no other.  Even with hundreds of triathletes alongside you on the course suffering just like you, you are on your own to do battle against the 140.6 and are only victorious once you cross the line and hearing your name along with.."you are an Ironman!"
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2007,2/13/2008,13,14,2,19,8>Want a nice glass of wine while a talented stylist makes you look oh-so glamorous?What I love about Choppers is that even though it is located in N. Scottsdale, the atmosphere reminds me of a chill, urban salon you might find in CenPho. If you are looking for a tame, stuffy salon, this place is not for you. Kelly, the owner, has decked it out in the most rockin gear possible....zebra print on the walls, big tiki heads, red, black, leopard print, old records...you get the idea. The stylists are as unique as the ambience. Each one boasts a specialty...you can get your basic cut, color, highlight...or, if you're like me...I went to Hot Red from blah brown. ( YOU MUST SEE AMBER IF YOU LOVE THE PUNK/ROCKABILLY LOOK!!) The place is awesome, the service is great...and of course, the price is right for all you punks/greasers/rockabilly chicks...and the rest who just want the basics...
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2007,2/12/2008,14,62,8,5,5>I title this "5-stars, even though I have thrown up my dinner while still at the restaurant twice".  It is the experience.  I think of it as Mexi-Disneyland for adults and realize that this construct is based primarily on the excessive use of seafoam green paint and the beer shack where you can get drinks while you wait for a table.The reasons:  I've been there many more than two times, I probably had too many coronitas while I was waiting, too much of my margarita, and too much hot salsa, and I ordered the shrimp both times -- I never really eat shrimp (but how many times can a girl eat a chile relleno when the buttery garlicness looks so so good)... but those are just hypothetical reasons that may explain the throwing up.The reasons I like it:  My bff (best food friend) is "famous" there.  She can call and order a particular dish 24 hours in advance and it goes on the menu as the "Angela" special.  I think the story goes that she was the only person to order it the first time it was offered and she loved it and Cheryl (or Sheryl... I don't know how she spells it) loved her.  I've heard the food is a little better if you go with my bff than if you go without her.... but why would I ever go without her?  She's my best food friend and she's famous there!There aren't a lot of vegetarian options...in fact, my bff recently told me she thinks there might be beef stock in the salsa... which leads me back to the beginning and my hypotheses about why I've thrown up in their restroom twice now.  I think we're going back next week.... so I'll write with an update....
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,2/11/2008,48,94,7,7,7>A nice little find tucked away in the overly pretentious Borgata shops, Sugarbakers is a new entry (only opened last month, I believe) into the competitive lunch market.  However, like Transformers, it's more than meets the eye.  In addition to traditional lunch fare (sandwiches & salads), they also serve breakfast and have a full working bakery that churns out cookies, brownies, pies & made to order cakes.At first I kinda thought this place was typically, Scottsdalianly overpriced.  However, look who they're competing against for your lunch dollar.  For $9 at Sugarbakers, you get a half-sandwich with REAL carved turkey they roasted that day, a bowl of homemade soup, a mound of kettle chips, a homemade mini-muffin, a couple pieces of carrot, a slice of pickle and an olive.  (I was a little like, "uhhhhh, why do I have an olive?" at first).  Compare that to $6 for Subway or $8 for something like Paradise Bakery.  The freshness and quality here are so far superior that you'd be a dumbass not to pick Sugarbakers.Also, I had a bit of an "OHMYGOD" moment.  I'm not sure if it's because I'd pretty much cut sweets out of my diet for the last month or so or what, but their chocolate chip cookie is effing ridiculously good.   They also had something called a "Cowboy Cookie" that had pecans & rice krispies in it.   It was novel, but not holycrapworthy like the chocolate chip.  Most of their lunch items are in the $7-11 range.  Next time I go, I have my eye on the "Sedona Special Salad", which has greens, turkey, cranberries & pecans.with a citrus vinaigrette or the "Sugarbakers Chopped Salad" that has greens, avocado, blueberries & walnuts.  Their breakfast stuff seems pretty fairly priced- Stack of pancakes for $5, Apple Praline or Bananas Foster French Toast (whoa, sounds good) for $8, Bacon & Eggs for $7.   I'll have to check it out and throw on a homemade cinnamon roll just for good measure.Also, like I mentioned, you can get cakes & pies to order.  When I was there, one lady was picking up 30 cakes for an event.  Sugarbakers also makes mention that they use organic & natural foods whenever possible.  The quality shows.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2008,2/10/2008,106,57,2,5,7>So far (after two visits) I love it here.  Armed with a menu, I called down to place a "to go" order.  You can't begin to imagine my delight when the guy answered the phone in a French accent so thick it was hard to understand.  I placed my order for the "half sandwich and side" deal (extremely reasonable at $5.60) and ran down to get it.  I ordered the mozzarella sandwich minus the prosciutto, and the pasta salad for the side.  Regular readers may know that in my opinion, nothing beats a good mozzarella sandwich, so I was absolutely thrilled to find that it was delicious.  Nice crunchy baguette, fresh mozzarella, and flavorful tomatoes.  The pasta salad was also very good... very simple, just cold pasta with some olive oil and seasonings.  I'm not a super adventurous eater, so while I loved the pasta salad I would guess that others might find it a tad boring.Today I had the tomato basil ravioli soup, which was very good except that it was a little skimpy on the raviolis.  Flavor was delicious, though.  It comes with a few toasted slices of baguette.  Personally, next time I'll just order a fresh baguette to go along with it.The entrees and full sandwiches are a little more pricey, but I'm a light eater, so the half sandwich/side deal is an absolute steal for me.  There's not a sandwich on the menu that doesn't sound mouth watering, and the desserts.... oh my god I wanted one of each.  Add in the extremely friendly service (who said Frenchmen were rude??) and I'm happy to say i've found my new lunch spot.Edited to add:  As far as I can tell, they're open in the evenings too, so next time yo find yourself seeing a movie at the Esplanade, stop by Au Petit Four (right by the escalators) for some yum.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2007,2/9/2008,43,384,1,3,4>Golf, rooms, blah blah - it's all about Brunch.  You'll have to hear about all that other stuff in someone else's review. LOVE their brunch!  We have been going to their brunches for years.  Groups from 4 to 12 of us have made the trip and it's always a favorite.  Last year my friend told me that when she called she was told they had stopped going brunches, but I actually overheard someone talking about going there for Easter. Lo and behold they are back on!  I talked with a girl there and she said it must have been a miscommunication as they always shut down during the off season (summer) and the length of time each year may be a bit different, but they are totally open for business right now.  Brunch is $32, or $34 if you include champagne, and really, why wouldn't you?  Service has never been anything but positively outstanding.  But the food is what really puts it over the top.  SO much food and so many great options.  More than you'll get at the Compass room, and at least as much as you'll get at Wrigley Mansion - but for half the price.  And because it's part of a resort, you can either chose to dress up, or go resort casual and you'll fit in with their other guests who may be catching a round of golf right after they eat.  You can see a sample Sunday Brunch menu at orangetreegolfresort.com….  They also do special Brunches for Easter and Mother's day.  Be sure to call ahead to get reservations.  This is a popular spot with the locals as well as the guests and space may not always be available at the last minute.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,2/8/2008,7,18,1,3,4>Simply Stunning.  Cowboy Ciao has one of the most original and delicious menus I have ever seen.  The service is impeccable, and the wait staff is knowledgeable and and friendly.  Every single thing I have ever eaten at Cowboy Ciao was astounding.  I just can't recommend it enough.        The atmosphere is upscale casual, and the food is like a modern American fusion cuisine with southwestern influences.  The only drawback of Cowboy Ciao is its cost.  The prices are very high, and the food is very expensive.  However, when compared to other restaurants where you might pay the same amount for your meal, Cowboy Ciao is worth every penny.  Go there. Now.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,4/14/2010,752,378,19,24,25>Yodel -Le - He-Ho!!!   Been dying for some food to remind you of the French Alps? Yes? Well I have got a beautiful place for you to try ... a bit of  yumminess right here on Bell rd... Crepes, Tartines and Fondue ..what more could you ask for ? How about an ice cave ? Yes just when you thought that you'd never see an ice cave for comedians and what not ..there it is...  Seriously... right on the Bar side of the restaurant... Okay new place to try kids and it is really tasty. Husband and  I had the Scallop/Mediterre  Savory Crepe which was lovely  and the Jamon Frankekuchen --which translates loosely   "tasty ham / pear pizza with crescent roll crust  " super delicious ... now the shocker was the over hazelnutation of the  sweet  crepe...   wholly  nutella folks  ...too much ... but yet we ate it all. The interior begs for you to take this place seriously as a french /swiss alps restaurant  and to be honest it does remind me of a bistro we ate in Lucerne, Switzerland... , there  really is a fake ice cave ala the matterhorn area of Disneyland ,which the owner plans on using as a stage for comedians ..I am laughing already. There also is a crepe cam  which shows the making of the crepes in the kitchen  and is televised to the bar  area..ah.. neat.   Call me and lets go get a crepe together!!
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,4/13/2010,690,342,43,25,28>What I am about to say is going to be both hard to believe and incredibly shocking, but true. Completely, utterly, and brutally honest. Ready?I would rather Z Pizza than any other thing on this planet. More than food, fame, wealth, love, sex, beauty... need I go on?I have heard some less-than-stellar things about Z Pizza, so I have been giving my business (not THE business) to Pizza Heaven, but one fateful night I took an elevator ride with a Z Pizza delivery man who explained that they have both gluten free crust AND vegan cheese. It was awkward being that I had a Pizza Heaven equivalent literally right in my hand, but the delivery dude handled it with poise and handed me a magnetic business card.Well, today it is rainy and I'm drunk and I was hungry and I didn't want to drive, so I gave Z Pizza a chance and I am so happy I did because my life changed today. Let me repeat that: MY LIFE CHANGED TODAYThis pizza, despite it being abnormal in every way possible, was the most delicious culinary specimen I have put in my mouth in MONTHS. Get the Mexican (sans chicken and sour cream, of course)... you owe it to yourself. You really, seriously do.I love this pizza so much that in future trysts, I will fantasize about this pizza instead of my lover. I really will.I hate this review because I cannot even articulate the words to do this pizza justice. I'm not worthy, I'm not worthy!Oh, and PS... when I ordered they told me 45-60 minutes and it was here within 30. That's better than finding a rich guy that dresses well, doesn't have mommy issues, and is straight up hung. Did I just say that?
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,4/12/2010,736,547,4,14,14>When Georgie S. suggested the Tavern for lunch I was pretty skeptical. Bar food? Hmmm... I was impressed immediately when we walked in, the place was packed. All these people must come here for a reason right? Much to my delight it was Taco Tuesday! That's right, any taco on the menu for 2 bucks. I ordered the mahi mahi and the carnitas. They were both excellent; the carnitas had a nice smoky flavor. I left lunch 7 bucks lighter (cheap cheap)! I'm not usually a fan of sport bars but I will definitely be back for lunch.
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2009,4/9/2010,52,76,11,14,12>My friend and I went to Dick's Cabaret for a birthday shindig.  The birthday girl had a small entourage with her when we arrived.  We were the only group in the showroom.  There were only three or four dancers there at the time and our girl friends were being generous to the hot men as they took their turns on the stage.  (And yes there are poles.) The DJ was made aware that we were partying with a birthday girl, SO out came the High Heel Shoe Chair to the center of the stage where the guest of honor took her rightful place.  Our friend was now part of a fourgy.  Three dancers rotated in and out of birthday girl country.  Lucky girl!!!  After all the drama she was given a "GOT DICK?" T-shirt.  It was cute adult fun.Admission to Dick's is $20 big ones.  If you have a VIP card it is $10.  Lap dances with undies on are $10 per song.  If you want a nude lap dance you will have to pay a VIP section fee then each dance after that is $20 bucks per song.  Admission gets you a drink ticket.  NO ALCOHOL because the dancers get completely nude.  NO CELLPHONES allowed inside the showroom.  You will be patted down.  Fun : )The girls cut out early.  My buddy and I stayed and played.  Strippers gotta eat too!!!!
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,4/8/2010,109,39,15,13,13>I see a lot of four stars...perhaps I'm too generous with my five stars. I'm a giver.Attended a party for Georgie on Friday night and had a great time. Easy to find, easy to park, easy to get a drink. Plus- HEY they have the same turbo nozzle a/c vents that I have in my home. I could live there. Exposed brick? Me too! Felt right at home.I love the way they display their art, I'm assuming from local artists. I would prefer to not have to walk down a flight of stairs after a night of drinking. However, no problems there - thankfully. :)
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2009,4/7/2010,311,459,5,9,8>The food here, plus the company of the other yelp buffet aficionados (Rand H., Ryan C., Daren C., Mike C.)  made for a really great time. There are quite a number of things I find unusual here for a buffet restaurant. Who wouldn't love a buffet with a selection of *decent*  sushi, made fresh in its own section of the restaurant. To go with that, in the main buffet area they serve  vegetable tempura - again, something not frequently served in Chinese buffets. Baby octopus, seaweed salad, Korean kalbi, crayfish - more items uncommon in buffets. They also have the practice of putting smaller amounts of food on the serving trays, so that none of the food stays on the tray for an extended period and replenishment is more frequent. The dishes are mostly good, and the attentive and friendly staff makes the dining experience quite pleasant.  There's not much here in terms of misses; the only thing I didn't like was their shu mai, which was large but quite dry and had an off taste. They also have a good selection of desserts, including the usual baked goods, pudding, gelatin, fruits (fresh and in syrup), but here again they add an unusual touch: several tubs of real ice cream (not soft serve), and tong sui (Chinese dessert soup). Yay for Shanghai Super Buffet! I wish them success; definitely an addition to my list of buffets for repeat visits.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2009,4/6/2010,171,163,8,10,10>One day, as my friend Darius and I were trying to kill some time before going to class we came here for lunch. This was Darius' first time with Mediterranian cuisine and after reading all the glowing reviews for here - I knew this was the place to take him! :)We had some hummus as an appetizer, and oh em gee!! it was so great! I couldn't believe it was so creamy and perfectly garlicly!! Normally hummus is a lil too strong for me but this was great.I had the Gyro plate and it was a LOT of food! I enjoyed it very much, I just wish it came with more pita bread. Gyro meat was plated with some more hummus, basmati rice and fixins for awesome gyros. My friend had this dish with garbanzo beans and lamb. He really enjoyed it and said it the meat was tender. I didn't try it but it sure looked good. :)We closed our meal with some blaklavah - they have different varieties of the mediterranian staple, I had the walnut backlavah and he had the pistashio. I liked it but I've had better and it was WAY too sweet, I couldn't finish it! Over all, this is one of the best places I've discovered since moving to Tempe. I really enjoy it and look forward to finding more places! To my yelpers, I say: GO! The food is yummy, the decor is cute and clean, the service is more than decent and the location is mill but NOT mill.. gotta love it!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,4/5/2010,367,544,9,11,12>I'm at Turf pretty often.  I never order food there.   On more than one occasion I have ordered Pizza Hut, walked across the street to pick it up, and proceeded to eat it while sitting on the Turf patio.  This, for me, is not a culinary destination.  Its my neighborhood bar.  The fact that they allow my friends to do things like bring in outside food (we have also brought in Pasta Bar...) is one of the reasons I love this place.  They are willing to turn an eye to all of my friends' ridiculous antics.  Jonie knows us and always takes care of us, whether it be by refilling our drinks without having to ask or turning on the DBacks game for us.  (She is by FAR the best bartender there).  The drinks are cheap and the bar stools are the most comfortable of all time.During First Fridays its fun because it actually fills up with people and feels like a bar in some city with a thriving downtown.  Other Fridays you may just find my friends and I square dancing to whatever live band they have playing that week.  It all depends.  I don't think you can really go into Turf expecting it to be one way or another (Irish pub, sports bar, restaurant...) because it is whatever you want it to be.  It's a space to gather and catch up with friends, however you define that.  So if you are ever looking for me you can find me tucked into one of their bar stools drinking a rum and diet.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,4/4/2010,480,193,16,19,21>Luci's can leap from Two Stars to Four, in a single visit!Jaek and I recently hung out at a table in the open garage-door, inside patio type area of Luci's, and we both had a great time. (see photos)A big reason for this was the friendly and helpful demeanor of Braden, a barista/juicista/pastryista behind the counter.After eyeballing a red velvet cake slice with cream cheese frosting dolloped up on top that actually had *GLITTER* covering it, I asked how they made edible glitter, or if those were just for show.He explained about pulverized polished sugar, and after I shared that I have a bonified, legit case of picaphobia (glitter - it's little tiny sharp edged peices of metal or hard plastic, you know, with a mind of it's own, an inability to wash off, a tendency to get men in trouble for indiscretions at the boobiebar, and a seeming ability to reproduce.  I think it may be alive and evil, actually), and that I was taking a huge psychological step in overcoming it by having decided that I was going to get one of those slices and actually eat my psyche's penultimate nemesis, he congratulated me and said that it was on him.  Well, since he comped that glittercake, I felt allright splurging for a tasty, but still overpriced, big glass of fresh squeezed OJ.I tried, but couldn't find a single expired meat or cheese item in the fridge case.  I still say it's a weird conglomeration, and a bit pricey, but if I was a local without a car, being able to walk here every couple days would be wonderful.Oh yeah, the fine folks at Luci's have put up a nice plaque thanking the local firefighters who saved their place from destruction during Richardson's recent burn.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2009,4/3/2010,176,83,8,12,12>This place is an icon.  If you have ever eaten here, you'll know what I mean.  There is nothing like it. Nothing comes close. Its fairly inexpensive, fast, and the employees are top notch.  They chat you up, give you extra of everything, all with a smile.The food is spectacular. Nay, stupendous! You get all of your bodily needs at one place. Protein, Fat, Carbs, Fat, and Fat. Be warned, owner of a failing heart, this food is not for you. Go eat some cardboard and take a statin. The rest of us healthy folk will eat extra for you.I will start my list with the macaroni salad. What's that you say? You don't believe mac salad could be "That good"??? Blaspheme! No Macaroni for you! Seriously, this stuff is so good, they could open a shop that serves ONLY this salad! Granted it has globs of heavy mayo, but sometimes its fun to splurge.The Short Ribs are next and I can't eat enough of these.  Thin slices of these things cooked to perfection. No, they don't fall off the bones like BBQ ribs.  They are not slow cooked.  They're cooked more like a steak, so you have some tangibility. Some... consistency to the meat.  Chewy and yummo, I tell you. Chewy and yummo.Chicken Katsu. Oh Em Gee, the Chicken Katsu.  Its like breaded chicken goodness. And you know they use the worst part of the chicken because its juicy and greasy and dark coated with golden crumbs and served piping hot. There's a huge vat of Katsu sauce which is likened to a sweeter sweet and sour.All meat is served on top of cabbage leaves which is a great finish to a huge meal.  They also have surf and turf combos, but I recommend going with the Short Ribs or the Chxn.  The Mahi is good, but overpriced for the amount you get.Oh and they have Manapua and Spam sushi too if you are a TRUE connoisseur.When you're done eating, you can go across the street where a doctor can give you an angioplasty.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,7/23/2008,12,44,7,11,8>Everything is $8.98!!!!!!!!!All items are $8.98 at Steve & Barry's for a limited time.  And I mean everything: shoes, jeans, t-shirts, dresses, purses.  This place is t-shirt central.  All tees are currently 2 for $15 and with more than 100 message tees to choose from there is something for everyone.  Some of my personal faves: "I'm Huge in China"; "Rub My Belly for Good Luck" & "Rehab is for Quitters".  I know what everyone is getting for Christmas this year!!The store carries the popular lines Bitten by Sarah Jessica Parker, Dear by Amanda Bynes and Eleven by Venus Williams. According to SJP fashion is not a luxury, it's a right.  Well, this isn't exactly fashion, well certainly not high fashion. But, you definitely get what you pay for and for $8.98 you get more than you paid for. I did end up walking out with two huge shopping bags and spending less than I've spent on a pair of designer jeans. If you like casual, comfy, sportswear this is definitely the store for you.  I'm not madly in love with the place, but will make a visit every now and then to stock up on gifts and loungewear.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2008,7/22/2008,1313,191,26,16,12>---Good--- Friendly service and I enjoyed the food.  I'd like to go back and try a few other items, but right now I'm kinda perturbed about this place.---Bad---  1) This is just dumb, how could you ever think of putting push/push doors on your bathrooms? Walk anywhere near the doors and you'll be smacked.  Buy two $.89 door handles and fix the problem.2) No ice tea or was it hidden and I had to press a magic button and the tea fairy would appear?3)The ordering system is not unique or funny, it sucks, it blows, it makes me want to kick a puppy.    Why must I use my secret decoder ring to find the code for what I want to order for lunch?     Example: First write the number of the entree down, if you want a burrito put a "B" next to it -BUT THEY DON"T TELL YOU THAT!!!!     WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF WTF   Why make me figure all this out when all I want is lunch.4)Huge pictures of, what you would think to be, menu items above the register so you can order/figure out your selections. The first this she says was something like " These are not our menu items". Awesome, thanks for the mind fuck.But the food was good.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/20/2008,362,221,8,12,10>I love this theater. No it doesn't have alcohol at the concession stand or anything. But this is a great little theater. It is always clean, and never seems to be crowded. I can always find a parking spot, and there is a little coffee shop you can walk to from it. Best of all, I have never seen screaming kids in this theater. Either the people who come here have the good sense to get babysitters, don't have kids, or they are actually taking their kids to childrens' movies...shocker.Update, on their website they clearly state: Note: No Children Under Age 6 Will Be Admitted To Any R-Rated Feature After 6:00 PM.Smart.I can't make any promises, but try this theater out before all the people who make inappropriate parenting choices find it!
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2008,7/19/2008,106,57,5,11,14>I love, love love Harley's.  It was one of the first places I discovered when I moved here, and it remains a favorite.Things that I have had and loved:Fried calamariFried zucchini blossoms (they don't always have these)The calamari pasta dishGnochi with pestoFettucini alfredoChicken marsalaChicken picatta.That's everything I've had there, and every single one was delicious.  The picatta is my new favorite (I've been craving it since I was there last week).  I've taken numerous out of town people there, and they've all loved it too.The only reason I take the star away, is that the service seems to have gone downhill in the past 2 years since the ownership change.  The first time I went, the owner was a little old italian man, and he and his wife ran the place.  The walls were covered with his artwork, and he came around and spoke to everyone as they were eating.  He told us though that he had recently sold, and this night was his last there.The new owners kept the menu, and I believe they kept the same kitchen staff, as well as the waitstaff.  Over the past 2 years though, while the food stayed delicious, the service has become increasingly perfunctory.  Not bad, just not friendly.However, they're still polite and the food is still amazing, so you couldn't keep me away from this place for anything.  Prices are very good, and you can even get takeout (I confess to having binged on friend calamari, a bottle of wine and a girly movie on more than one Saturday night).Go!
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2008,7/18/2008,332,375,8,9,10>Pretty cool, let me tell ya! I went to a "strip tease" dance workout for a bachelorette party at I Am The Center and had a really good time!  The space is laid out in a cool way.  The studio is upstairs on top of some sort of healthy dining restaurant-- I don't know if that is owned by I Am The Center too.  But I do know that the dance classroom was very very cool with colored lights and a setting as if I was really in a strip club.  There was also a large Buddha in the room that I am going to guess is for "centering" while doing meditation and yoga.  We should have covered his eyes for our strip tease dance class.I think our instructors name was Britney, the only way I can remember this is b/c I thought to my self that she could be in a Britney Spears video while she was showing us how to gyrate and groove to the music.Anyhow, it was a neat experience.  and I was really sore the next day---it must have been a mixture of the dance class and the bachelorette festivities that occurred AFTER the dance class.*** FYI: I just went to their website and it looks as if they are closed for the summer. The will be open again in the Fall.   I wish I could as a person, just shut down during the hot months and come back to when it cools off.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,7/17/2008,35,23,11,16,10>There are few places that I return to where I consistently eat as much as I can and then walk outside and dry heave (really the other only places are all-you-can-eat sushi joints).  LoLo's is good, very good, but not great.  The fried chicken is good; the skin is delicious.  The scrambled eggs w/ cheese and onions are amazing, but the waffles are just all right.  The people I go with tell me that the grits are fantastic, however grits don't do it for me.  The amount of butter, cheese, and fried goodness is probably enough to actually kill a small child, and certainly enough to send anyone and everyone into a food coma.  Of course you can get smaller portions than the 'K.K.' (3 pieces of fried chicken, 2 waffles, eggs, and grits), but why?!  They also serve Kool-Aid and sweet tea, but they're pretty much just liquid sugar (try half sweet tea, half regular).  And the "homemade" lemonade is definitely just made from those powder lemonade mixes.  There's usually a line, but I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes, and the service ain't great, but that hasn't really ever bothered me (I'm usually too excited for the chicken & waffles to let something like crappy service bother me).  All-in-all, it's a great place, especially if you're able to take a siesta afterwards (i.e., close the door to your office and pass out for an hour).  But I can't say it's better than Roscoe's in LA; I mean, come on, Roscoe's puts cinnamon in its waffle batter, so good .....
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2008,7/16/2008,156,265,13,16,8>To Thomas and my other vagiphobes, stop reading NOW.To my lady friends, I had a great first experience with the staff here. Making an appointment was easy and they even took my (only for the moment) crap insurance. I was seen at the actual time of my appointment by Rose, my sweet older nurse practitioner. She took her time asking questions and did a mini physical along with the usual WWE. Everything was as comfortable and pleasant as it could be. She gave me a free 3-month supply of my birth control when I mentioned that my current insurance did not cover this type (the 4 periods a year Seasonale and its more recent incarnation Seasonique). We gotta do this, so it may as well not be icky. Don't hesitate to make your next appointment at Woman to Woman (where no men work, naturally). They also seem quite concerned with blood work, checking hormone, insulin, and thyroid levels, being sensitive to subtleties that might not concern your PCP.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2008,7/15/2008,151,182,19,15,15>Trannies love comic books. Go on, ask one. Would I lie to you?Samurai Comics is the Cheers of comic books. You walk in and everyone's glad you you came. Even the other customers, who will look up from reading their new copy of New Avengers to send a nod in your direction. It's like saying hello but without the commitment.The tables at Samurai Comics are like the multi-purpose rooms of your junior high (we called it a cafenasium). While on the weekends they're used for Magi-Yugi-Poke tournaments, during the week you'll find people pulling up a chair, setting their Jones on the table, and plowing through their purchase. Sometimes people set up other kinds of board games on the table, like Steve Jackson's Chez Dork or Munchink series. Occasionally a D&D game will spring up. And the Yugi-Magi-Poke/WoW players point and laugh at them for playing with dice and graph paper. And the D&D players point back and laugh at them for having 0 Charisma points. That's even less charisma than an orc whose been badly burned in a fire caused by a Level 12 Wizard with an attitude problem. Laughs are had by all. And then everyone's parents come by to pick them up and the cycle repeats.While I've been known to occasionally bring out the +3 battle axe and get my berserk on with a green dragon, I come to Samurai for the comic books, specifically their collection of graphic novels & trade paperbacks. And the selection is massive. In fact, so massive that it cannot be contained in one store. Many a times I have gone to the counter, downtrodden and sad at my inability to find a particular trade paperback, only for Mike (the owner and I'm pretty sure the reincarnation of the Greek God of Geekdom) to call the other location, find said copy, and even give me a discount for having to make the drive. It almost covers the cost of the gas to drive down to 7th street.Before Netflix, I used to come here to get my quirky relatively unknown movie hookup. And I even gave mangas a try. I mean, why not? At the table is a kid who blew his week's lunch money on Yugioh cards, two guys discussing the finer points of Wonder Woman cover art, and a guy wearing one of those Naruto headbands complaining how Heroclix is no longer cool ever since it went mainstream and sold out. What, I'm going to be afraid of saving face?The only thing that keeps this from being a five-star review are the weekends. The weekends are when the aforementioned Yugi-Poke-Magi-Wow players gather to play their little tournaments. Imagine three dozen mouth-breathers all crammed into a comic book store, some of them forced to lay on the ground for lack of space, getting their burger king-stained fingerprints all over the merchandise and counter, raising the temperature inside the building to ten degrees above whatever is outside. There's nothing you can do about it. As annoying this display of failed humanity is, it's a necessarily evil; their continued and existence, and more importantly, their parents' money, helps keep Samurai up.But it's worth it for Samurai.Browse their single issues or trade paperbacks and see for yourself.Or go all out nerd. Buy a fucking action figure or something.I keep telling myself that after I'm more financially stable I'm going to start collecting Wonder Woman merchandise. Of which there is plenty.Maybe even a Wonder Woman outfit...hmm.I won't lie. Samurai is not bargain bin. Unless it's on sale (they have a big fuck-all blowout once a year) they usually sell it for cover price. Which you could admittedly do at Borders or Barnes N' Noble too. But you won't, will you?No, because you're into "local" shit. That's why you're on yelp. Nobody reads yelp for chains. Unless you're me and like to give silly anecdotes about those chains. But I'm meant to be the example to scare you straight.Ha ha! Questionable sexuality.Okay, time to wrap up with some relevant information...uh...you should give Samurai Comics a try because ultimately, it's not a store. It's an experience. And if you wish, you can become a part of it.Come to any of their events (they hold a lot of them) and you will understand what I mean.Or you can just buy your stuff and GTFO. Whatever works.Oh, and if they have them in stock, try a Yogu Time from their fridge.For rill, you have not lived until you've had a yogurt-flavored snack drink from Japan.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2008,7/14/2008,176,83,20,20,13>Geez!  I've been dreading this review for the last couple of hours.  If this is the last review you see from me, it is because I have upset someone and they have killed me.Cash Only? WTF! The hot dogs are barely good (flinches, looks over shoulder).  YEAH I SAID IT!  Its not so much the food I have a problem with, its the staff and the hype.I mean, I had a feeling it wouldn't live up to the hype.  How could it?  Its a hot dog joint that has the reputation of a 5 Star restaurant.  The dogs are good. Thats it, good.  The staff and functionality of the restaurant, however, was not. Plus, they charged me for an extra order of fries! Hey! My 20 month old can't eat two orders of fries!I ate at Ted's for lunch on Sunday with my wife.  We both got the Jumbo All Beef dog with all the toppings (Catsup, Mustard, Onions, Relish, and a Pickle)... The problem was, while in line for only 5 minutes the staff managed to screw up 3 different orders.  That was like 40% screw up!  They were not apologetic, and the customers were getting irate!  This isn't the atmosphere I look for when eating lunch.  Irate customers and hasty cooks are not a good combo.  The onion rings were just a knot of messy fried mystery.  Don't get me wrong, I ate them!Unfortunately, I can't give this place more than 3 stars.  And with this review I will be buying a handgun for protection.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2008,7/13/2008,171,163,3,38,29>**This place looses a star because I got hasseled for writing this review!!* The Heard is many things to many people. For Non-natives it is a place to learn about the various cultures of ancient, recent historical and modern Native Culture. For Natives of the southwest - it is a place where we are understood and celebrated.There are so many things I love about this place and I am pleased to share with you my favorite spots in the museum.- The Navajo Sand painting that is displayed the Navajo Hogan in the Homelands Exhibit. It depicts the Navajo Creation Story and is intricate and beautiful.- The Hopi Wedding Dress inside the Homelands Exhibit- The Photograph of the Grave yard outside the Indian School in the Boarding School Experience. - The Statue of Native women outside the museum. - The Yazzie Mural inside the We Are exhibit. It depicts the story of the Navajo and Yaqui Tribe's modern history. -The beaded chucks in the Shoes exhibit! I want a pair!!When it comes to the Heard's Gift shop: now this place is amazing!! Many of their pieces are authentic and hand crafted. BUT THERE ARE FAKES AMONG THEM!!! Feel free to ask a lot of questions. Even try to negotiate prices. You never know, some of those pieces have been there for YEARS! Demand certificates of authenticity. Ask to know the meaning of symbols and designs. Know what materials they're made out of! There could be two bracelets that almost identical and one could be silver plated and one could be solid silver. And they could both be priced the same. ASK QUESTIONS!! Ask to try to stuff on. They are usually pretty nice about this, except when it comes to earrings. Many hard to find books can be found here. Whenever someone is doing a research project, the Heard is one of the first places I recommend. I recommend the photography books.Their exhibits are always changing. So check the website and see what's new. Have fun, bring a friend, and open your mind and see the many wonderful facets of Native American Culture.****UPDATE****One of our fellow yelpers Deb K. yelp.com/user_details?us… has sent me private messages asking me to edit my review and I am! She believes and knows that all the pieces are authentic at the Heard's Gift Shop. She has said and I quote: "Hi Cher, Deb K. here--actually, I do work at the Heard and I can tell you that everything that we sell is authentic."  and she even goes on to say, "Maybe you're thinking about those dreamcatchers and whatnots in the back? Even those have to come from a Native-owned and operated establishment. [although I do agree they're kind of tacky, but you know the bilagaanas (White People)...they do like their kitschy stuff]" And what really got me was: "I really feel you should go back and change the part about the shop offering 'fake' items". As a Native American, sometimes it's a love/hate relationship with the Heard. The Heard is the premier launching pad for non-natives in this city to experience Indian Country but sometimes it comes at a price. We are often objectified and practically forced to share that which is sacred to us. But it's allowed and it's a choice that each Native artist that has dealt with has the Heard made for themselves. There is an unequal representation of Tribes on display at the Heard, the Navajo exhibit is HUGE at the Heard and yet the O'odham exhibit is medium sized. Even though O'odhams have contributed over $1,000,000.00 to the museum. We don't complain, atleast our ways are being shared right? And it's nice to take children to the museum and see their little eyes light up when they see things that reminds them of home. And the Boarding School Exhibit opens MANY eyes to the history that existed just a few blocks north. This slices through me and I'm so grateful this piece of history is no longer being ignored.Like I said - it's a love/hate relationship. I love the Heard because they give opportunities to Native Artists and share our culture as sensitively as possible. But it's an uphill battle to be deemed good enough to be one of those artists and people who shares our culture. I know of many great people who I personally feel should be "let in" be denied and my heart goes out to them. I love that Natives still get in for free but I hate that the Heard treats AZ tribes like we're obligated to help them to keep their lights on. I love that all the tribes in Arizona have been given the oppurtunity to share a piece of their culture yet I hate that the museum focuses on two tribes.To my yelpers: Please realize that each tribe has it's own ways and unique culture. Open your heart and mind and take in the colorful culture I grew up in!
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,7/24/2011,82,91,4,12,7>I loved this place!  It's like going to your Thai Mother's house for lunch, but better.  I was here a week ago with Norm R and Rand H and we all agreed it was a wonderful experience with fantastic food.  It really did feel like you were eating in someone's home.  They say it's a buffet, but it's so much more than that.  For $7.50 a person ($10 each including a diet coke for me and tip) this place is definitely a bargain.  Don't let the outside fool you either, it may not look like much on the outside, but they put all their effort into the food and service.It's not the typical buffet where you serve yourself from 100 items - our first course was served to us - a plate of papaya salad, chicken and pork satay, jerk beef and sticky rice.  I could have just had all that and been satisfied.  But no, there is more.  We walked up to the counter and they made our plates cafeteria style, a little of this a little of that and more of all the rest.  Yellow curry, a noodle dish, a veggie dish with eggplant, fried rice, jasmine rice and more that I don't even know what it was.  I'm not usually an adventurous eater, but everything tasted great!  Just when we were about full and done - there's even more food!  Served to us at the table was a plate of coconut ice cream, homemade pumpkin custard and lychee with sticky rice and a cup of hot tea.  OMG unbelievably good, my mouth is watering just remembering how delicious the food was.The most amazing part was they offered to make us other food that wasn't even on the buffet and suggested if we wanted something special to call ahead and they would prepare it for us next time.  This little place is all about service and homemade food.  I can't wait to go back.  Thanks Norm for turning me on to this place!
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,7/22/2011,278,165,4,12,7>unPhogettable is PHOnominal! Ok, bad joke aside, this is one of my new favorite Vietnamese restaurants. The food is extremely fresh and after talking with the owner, I found out that they make everything themselves from scratch with no MSG or prepackages meats. The service was excellent and the cafe setting was very inviting. Although a bit far from my house, I'll make the drive to come back here to eat again.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,7/21/2011,752,378,12,12,12>Amazing !! Amazing!! Amazing !!  -- Herb Box is becoming my new found meet for lunch / dinner spot.  Local food made fresh and delicious with savory spot -on flavors..you must try it! It's been awhile since I have wanted to write a review for anything, but tonight my tastebuds and I want to sing to the world! Hallelujah and Rejoice!  I have always loved the far north Herb Box which is a lovely place and a great place. But now Herb Box is more centrally located in Scottsdale at the  larger Southbridge venue. This promises to be a great place to meet friends for breakfast, lunch or dinner  when anywhere near the  area. The brand new look and feel says we have thought this out and we want you to be comfortable but feel impressed. Great spacing , lighting and seating make the place very inviting ...it just screams bring your friends over, meet me for a drink or appetizer,  stop in for breakfast after farmers market. Don't miss the girls bathroom .Regal feel with some sweet surprise...yes that is a sink...the mirror felt like I was Alice in Wonderland....Tonight  for dinner we enjoyed the lovely cilantro and crab dip with fried plantains ,that make me smile and plot how I can steal more...shall I say it accidentally feel on the floor and demand more ? I just might.  Shh don't tell.Mike and I split the flatbread/ pizza with pear and Gorgonzola that just excites the tongue...It is savory comfort food for sure. We also split the Thai Ribs..Oh my Gravy !!..wow!! ..ribs with BBQ sauce that is completely thai and spicy and burn  you but   in  a good way ..loved it! We also had the Gouda mac and cheese,  creamy , rich and make you fell like someone whipped the up just for you..Mom had a large piece of salmon roasted in honey with guess what?  super tasty parsnips ..yup I said parsnips...I thought they were a joke food but no longer, parsnips are now on my to do list. We finished off the meal with more mind grabbing tastes. biting into  a chocolate tart that had the right mix of sweet and decadence without feeling like you ate a spoonful of  chocolate frosting ,very cravable and a must for every diner. We also shared a sweet little Crostina with berries ...tasted great, without an over sweetness so common to many restaurants.I  must also mention the great blackberry jasmine green tea , so refreshing. The Herb Box is full of great tastes , and if that is not enough ,...there is an adjacent market  chocked full of great tastes to go with an emphasis on local fare. ( think CROWS DAIRY and QUEEN CREEK OLIVE MILL ) They have foods to go , cheeses , dairy and great out of this world baked goods.  My plan, next time I need a bite before heading to the mall, is to grab a delicious treat , a small wedge of chees and a piece of fruit , no more mall food for me. Yes I loved it .Yelpers keep your eyes open for the UYE soon to be announced   by me    ...You are in for a delightful treat.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,7/19/2011,320,428,7,5,6>A much needed East Valley alternative to the Monterrey Jack soaked Mexican options that dominate the area.  They do an excellent job of making Mexico City street staples such as Tortas, Chicharron,  and Tacos Al Pastor fresh and upscale.  You can eat like a real 'chilango' without having to worry about being kidnapped or being run over by a Bocho cab.I hope that the area appreciates this place and that it continues to thrive and grow. And, yes, they do a Taco Tuesday, so that's your excuse to try this place.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,7/18/2011,666,231,19,15,20>The two young lovers, sat breathless in his vehicle. He: tall- long of leg, sinewy and dissehveled would steal glances at her in his silent and profound admiration. She: Voluptuous, and indomitable, viewed the world, and all things in it, with awe and a unnerving love, that could move the mountains to tear, and silence the nightengale's song. She'd suggested the venue, and he'd all too willingly agreed- his easily won tryst belied a desire long dormant to share this experience with her- and she'd seen it a mile away.His meek jalopy pulled into Heritage Square's modest parking lot, and as if on cue a sleek mint conditioned sports car whizzed into the only vacant spot the eager young valet had reserved for this bourgeois prospected tipper, who'd no doubt been able to tip the valet better than He. The valet then guided Him to the parking structure located deeper inside the labrynthine Heritage Square, a parking lot assumably more suited to the likes of his mode of transport. She left him, and with a promise of reserving their table they parted. A brief flash of reserve entered his mind, yet was quickly pushed out, as he navigated his way to the poorly described location of the parking garage.His beat up 96' Hyundai Accent he ironically dubbed the "egg" creaked and struggled out of the street and into a space. As he stepped out of the vehicle the crisp air of the night flooded his senses, the blooming trees of heritage square, and the dead leaves on the dirty ground accosted him with reminiscences of a home town, and land now long gone- momentary nostalgia. His brisk pace quickened and he was soon reunited with Her. She informed him of the wait, a potential two hours-This He'd been fully prepared for, and He grinned knowing that he was right ,and her assumption of speedily gaining a table due to the rains of the evening, dead wrong. They spent their wait together on the porch of a charming English ale house across the square, sipping stouts and India pale ales and discussing ontology, deconstructivism, and the merits of post modernist literature. When they'd realized it was their time to check in, they'd overstayed their wait by 15 minutes or so, and were informed by the stylish young hostess that they'd need to wait a bit longer. No matter. They chatted with the barmaid, and made a fast and easy aquaintance. The night then found them seated at their own table, in a sultry dimly lit corner, on a humble wooden table seemingly hewn out of a wizened tree whose soul aim in its years of existence had been to comfort and house the glorious repasts ordered by the thousands of patrons who'd shared in the hospitality of this former tree. The kindly and attentive servers, had amicably and expertly suggested various dishes and spirits to accompany them. He discussed the menu with Her, their eyes dancing in the bossa nova the candle light effused, they held hands 'neath the table and felt encompassed in the joy of being near one another. A Bianco Verde & Rosa. The simple and unpretentious pies made their senses dance, re wrote in their young minds the possibilities of cuisine,  and filled them with wonder and grattitude, in no way were they begrudged by the wait- rather it had given them time to acclimate, and enjoy their leisurely evening of epicurean delights. He realized, that as he stared into the depths of that evergreen pizza, and breathed deep of the aromas of the brick oven, swooned over the extravagant flavours- that nothing in this world save love, could craft something so perfect. In that moment, without words- they two realized that it was love that had brought them together, and so would they remember Bianco, for it was love that brought them there.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,7/17/2011,174,98,4,7,6>Okay, here's another one of those places where I wanted to be selfish and keep all to myself, but alas the last couple of times I've gone it's been almost empty so I've decided to get over myself and share with you the sheer deliciousness that is Calabria.Get off the 10 on 7th St. and drive North a bit and you're bound to run into a plethora of impressive looking dining options. From America's Taco Shop, to the Living Room, to The Main Ingredient, there is something for everyone. But if you want one of the best made to order pastas or sandwiches in a traditional style Italian deli, then look no further than Calabria. It is as authentic as you'll find in Phoenix. Unfortunately I was never able to experience Calabria at its old, larger location downtown complete with specialty grocery store, but it sounded a lot like DeFalco's in S. Scottsdale, another personal favorite of mine. What makes Calabria about 800 times more preferable to me is the considerably personalized service and the minuscule wait time. I am anal and running late about 90% of my life, so the majority of my run-ins at Calabria are call-ahead pickups. After about the 3rd phone call the owner knew me by voice and exactly what I liked on my turkey sandwich. Best f'ing turkey sandwich in Phoenix, mind you. Trust, I've been looking forever.What made me finally decide to write this review however took place last week at my first ever sit down dinner in Calabria. My date and I sat down and decided to try something other than the deli sandwiches we always get, him opting for the chicken parmigiana and me a simple plate of spaghetti marinara in addition to my craved turkey sandwich : )  We order our food and the owner asks me why I ordered two entrees, to which I replied I was just really anxious to try his marinara sauce, as I like to consider myself a bit of an aficionado about, and then it happened. He looks at me right in the eye and says, "You know we're BYOB here, right?" That's it, I died and went to heaven. Delicious, authentic Italian food in my backyard that was NOT going to upcharge the shit out of me with their wine/spirits collection?? I might have actually fainted on the spot.  And yes, as you probably could've guessed by the tone of this review, their marinara was flavorful and exceptional as well.Between the wonderful service, the delicious food, the rock-bottom prices which I think I failed to mention above and the fact that I can bring my own booze Calabria has made a lifer out of me!
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,7/16/2011,279,329,4,13,8>Notes from Spinato's:Meatball Trio - Even though the name of this appetizer suggests three different types of meatballs...it's just three meatballs. Nevertheless, get this! So good! We got the sauce on the side so we could try both options. Both sauces were good, but we liked the marinara the best.Greek Salad - Wow, amazing! The dressing on this salad can't be beat...not even at a Greek restaurant.Pizza - Meh. The crust wasn't bad (we got the thin), and the cheese was amazing, but the sauce was WAY too sweet. Tasted like ketchup (yuck!). Still, as bad as the sauce was, the crust and cheese made it edible. I think next time I'll try the Margherita Pizza and get a side of Marinara to dip the crust in.Classic Submarine Sandwich - Pretty good. The insides were delicious, but the bread really took away from the flavor. The bread was a dry, flavorless, airy sub sandwich roll, not a fresh-baked baguette. Unfortunate too, because between the lifeless bread and the too-sweet pizza sauce, they lost a full star on what could have been a 5-star rating.Overall, I really enjoyed Spinatos. The staff was great. The atmosphere was very nice. The food was mostly delicious. I will most certainly be back.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,7/15/2011,193,63,10,10,9>Sometimes I just want a little shame.  I want to look at my meal and say to myself "seriously? You think that's a good idea?" That's usually the time that I dive into something like Lenny's. It's definitely not a health food spot.  I usually get the Mexican Burger which has green chile and lots ooey gooey goodness on it.  The fries are always delicious and I firmly believe that they are sprinkled with crack.  The hours kind of suck, the AC doesn't seem to work that well, and the ordering/seating is a bit of a cluster *&^# but it just can't be beat for a hangover burger.
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,7/14/2011,187,138,6,11,11>For pure delight, I have to give this place 5 stars. YOU MUST TRY: Very Berry Turkey Sandwich, Thai Braised Beef Tacos, Apricot BBQ Chicken Skewers, and the Red Sangria! I also highly recommend the Sunday Brunch Drink Specials; the mimosas and bloody Mary drinks are $3. They fill one glass up and bring you the rest of your drink in a carafe. They're strong and after just one you'll be pretty happy :D Other items worth noting: Margarita Sunrise, Blueberry Cosmo, Drunk Italian Soda
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,7/13/2011,378,90,5,10,8>Carolina's is one of my Top Ten reasons I don't leave AZ. I've always dreamed of living near the beach and maybe someday I will. Until then, I keep a list of things I would miss if I left AZ. Carolina's Mexican Food is always in my Top Ten. Yes, the place is a dive and the line can be long, but the amazing authentic Mexican food and incredibly cheap prices more than makes up for it. The hard machaca beef tacos are my favorite. Anything with their machaca beef is outstanding: slow-cooked, seasoned, and shredded to melt-in-your-mouth perfection. It's available with green chile peppers, red chile peppers, or plain. It's served in a taco, a burrito, or anyway you'd like. Sour cream and guacamole are great extras. Another important tip: Carolina's freshly made tortillas are legendary. Be sure to take a dozen home. They're homemade and served warm in a plastic bag. If you're like me, you'll only have 9 or 10 left by then time you drive home.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,1/27/2012,411,271,11,13,13>I love shoes - high heels, flip flops, and everything in between.  I can't decide if it is an addiction or an obsession.  Maybe both?  In fact, I used to have a separate room for my shoes.  No, I am not kidding.Recently I noticed a few of my favorite pairs were looking a bit worn and in need of some TLC.  Hey, don't we all feel that way sometimes?  Fortunately, Ariel's Shoe Repair was able to give my sad shoes exactly what they needed!  Ariel's is like a spa for footwear.  On two occasions I brought in pairs that I doubted could be helped and came back to shoes that were refreshed and revitalized.  Amazing!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,1/26/2012,463,250,11,16,14>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food9 *Drinks*10 Service9 Atmosphere7 Value1) Tear crostini in half.2) Slather on Paradise Valley butter.  (We're talkin' a solid 2 millimeters.)3) Smoosh on some honeycomb honey.4) Gingerly place a cashew on each expected bite.5) Place in mouth and take 3-4 chews.6) Bite into a small radish.7) Close eyes and let life melt away into ecstasy.Their food doesn't have names, it just lists the components.  So now you can find that one.  That dish earns FnB a 6th star: *But they change up their menu constantly, because they only serve what's seasonal and available from local farmers.  So get it while you can.  Unless by the grace of god it's there forever.But not to be all one-tracky, because their other stuff is good too.  I particularly enjoyed the grilled broccoli w/ aioli, and also like their braised leeks.They serve some wonderful AZ wines, and their cranberry presbyterian was good, though i would have liked a little extra splash of alcyhol in it.They also have good dessert - but honestly I'd go down the street to Lee's alcohol ice cream for that.Make sure to notice the floor of the place.  It's super cool.  I totally want to do that in my kitchen!Okay, let me think back to those 7 steps of bliss again.....
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,1/25/2012,367,306,5,7,7>I am OBSESSED with this store!Located in downtown Chandler in the historic square. They have all types of unique glasses, vases, glass art and accessories. The prices will shock you...in a good way! They run amazing specials. They also offer custom etching, to make the perfect personalized gift. I have had many gifts made for my clients and everyone loved them. GO NOW...happy shopping!
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,1/24/2012,177,185,9,7,7>Timo's Monday night special was a hit and I'm now almost positive I have found the perfect dinning companion. David and I are eating our way through the best of Phoenix and I'm secretly creating my own list along the way.   We decided on Monday night to take advantage of the flatbread and wine special. I had no Idea we would practically close out the place, two flatbreads, two bottles of wine and 6 tapas later. Wow, what a meal. David selected the wine, he's great at that and I selected the flatbreads and we both had dibs on a few tapas.  The lamb chops, tamarind drumettes, smoked salmon, warm figs & prosciutto and a salad. I specially liked the lamb chops and warm figs, David went crazy for the salad. We were both drunk ; )
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,1/23/2012,215,122,7,11,8>I know this is a REALLY girly place for a guy to review, but aside from me wanting to buy everything that's not painted white, pink or pastel -- I heart this place. In addition to the housewares and vintage finds, they have a ginormous crafting/scrapbooking section.  I buy paper and supplies here from time to time for my craft projects.  I could probably get the same things at Michael's or Jo-Ann, but I'd prefer to support indie business - -especially when it's right in my hood!
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,1/22/2012,187,138,7,8,7>"What is SHE doing here?" you can almost hear the group of women (who could easily be cast as "The Real Housewives of Scottsdale") say at the table next to you.Ya know, the food is just ok. I really like the drinks, but what actually draws me back is the interesting interior design. They change the inside frequently and it's always really cool and surprising. One time they had a bunch of manikin legs descending from the ceilings, suspended by lengthened fishnet stockings. Awesome.It's a little hard to find; you can't see the entrance from the most convenient parking spots.Try it once, see you if you like it...if you're not at least able to tolerate "the scene" you won't be impressed.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,1/21/2012,411,144,5,15,7>-ALOHA!!! If you crave the creamy taste of authentic macaroni salad from Hawaii, look no further...yum, yum, yum!-Kalua pork was tender, smokey, and moist...yum! yum! yum!-Grilled BBQ chicken was tender and so good!...yum! yum! yum!-The noodle soup was so good - $5.99 and the portions are very generous!-Crispy shrimp was crispy, maybe panko breading? It was so good! Not greasy! Perfectly cooked. Must have more!-They even have SPAM on the menu too (if you've been to Hawaii, then you know that SPAM is offered everywhere - even at McD's too!)-Service - FRIENDLY, SUPER NICE, and very cordial. -Order your food at the counter and wait for your number to be called, or they bring it to your table on a tray. Fantastic service!-The PORTIONS are VERY GENEROUS!!! Two people could easily share one combo plate...unless you are a very BIG eater. Two scoops of sticky rice, a scoop of macaroni salad, and sauteed cabbage come with your meal.-They do offer a rice bowl with choice of meat for $4.99 if you want a smaller meal.-CLEAN place!!! Clean restroom!-Parking is very convenient. Leo's is located across the parking lot from Barnes & Nobles and next to Baskin Robbins.-Mahalo!
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2011,1/20/2012,1070,742,13,16,16>10/26/10Terrific happy hour!  I'm almost tempted to give this first visit a 5-star review, but something's holding me back... Perhaps it was bec. I found it so dark indoors; How many times do I have to yelp it-- I like to see what I'm eating!!  When I'm dining solo and I can't take great photo souvenirs of my experiences, well, I sometimes feel "what's the point?"  I like this space.  Thinking back now, I wished I'd gone to the NYE bash held here.  Maybe next year...  Took Mom along w/ me, and I could tell she liked the old-style swankiness, too.  I must go back again, especially w/ such delicious fare and drinks and at such terrific prices, to boot!We both liked our drinks-- mine was The Bramble, yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe… a short, yet sexy concoction made w/ Bombay gin, lemon juice, muddled and fresh blackberries!  Not overly sweet, and very potent.  I believe Mom had the Pomegranate Fizz, a tall, cool, and refreshing drink made of Smirnoff vodka, pomegranate juice, and sparkling wine.  Can you believe these were $3 each??  But wait!  Not only were the cocktails $3, but so were all of the apps we tried.  And oh, how delectable they were!Mom's favorite app was the Spinach Artichoke Dip, yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe… which I found was too runny for my taste, but if she's happy, then I'm happy.  I was torn between the crunchy Artisan Grilled Cheese (brie, apple, fig jam) yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe… and the salty-creamy Prime Rib Dip (horseradish mayo, au jus).  yelp.com/biz_photos/cafe…   The crunch factor I yearned for and did not get from the prime rib app, I found gratified w/ the grilled cheese.  Mmm... I think I've just decided where to go for happy hour after my massage appt. tomorrow!  LOL
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,1/19/2012,331,379,19,15,16>My dog Riley offered to write this review, but she doesn't have thumbs. I'll interpret her barks for you all.Riley- "bark bark baaaaaark woof".Translation- I love this park!Riley- "woof howwwwwwlllll woof bark."Translation- The dogs here are soooo nice!Riley- "bark ruff ruff woof."Translation- I love all the space to play and the water fountains. There's even bushes for me to sit in the shade. Sometimes I like to hang out in the Active Dogs side when I want to run around and play, and I can go to the Passive Dogs side when I'm feeling mellow. Dog speak is a complicated language.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,1/18/2012,231,476,8,8,8>I live within walking distance from the Clarendon and can't believe I haven't been here yet. Yesterday, my husband lured me into skipping yoga to go get some Mexican food here. We took the family here for Taco Tuesday and during happy hour. We ordered the $5 Chirraron de Queso (cheese cooked into a hard shell)(decent), $5 guacamole (holy hell this was good), $5 white sangria (decent), chips and salsa ($3.5), a kids bean and cheese burrito ($4) that was the side of my 3 year old's head, and 8 mix-n-match tacos (pork, carne asada, shrimp, fish, veggie). For taco Tuesday, they are buy 2 get 1 free, which is the deal we were given, but we would have saved more with the $1 off per taco during HH. I ordered a shrimp taco and pork taco. Both were delicious but the pork taco really tickled my fancy. The pork had that crispy bark on the outside which is my absolute favorite. Call it the Puerto-Rican in me but that is the best. I really enjoyed my meal and the server was great. I know I loved this place when I am trying to talk my husband into going back in a couple of days....
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,8/26/2011,540,167,16,11,12>I feel like I'm miles behind and miles ahead of the curve on Magnum. Imagine a couple years ago, or last night, or whenever, and you're in bed with a girl, lady, woman, or victim du jour for the first time. And there's "hot and heavy" going on... which sounds noticeably less appealing when one is sober. And she tries to mount up for a "Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man" ride and, maybe, you don't drink at the time, and you're like, "Woman, don't you have any condoms?" And she says no. Things sour. You feel safe. And jackassoholic. And you later find out this isn't true. SHE DID HAVE CONDOMS. It's just that she didn't want to embarrass you with the Magnum condoms in her bedside table that she shared with her tyrannosaurusly hung ex. What a Dick. Because she thinks you'd be intimidated. Because you're just a cute little guy. Well, if you can believe it, it's happened to me. Again. And this time, her name is Magnum. She is beautiful.In the future, the coolest of the cool, the swankiest of the wanks, the biggest smiles, the worst breath, the hippest hipsters, and the snobbiest Scottsdalians will disabuse this place of it's current location-induced obscurity. And I'll talk longingly about "back in the day, back in the days before you couldn't walk through it" like I do now with the Vig. This is the future of Phoenix nightlife. Are you marking my words? The location absolutely could not be worse. But what they have is something really special. She has New York quality cocktails and obviously the Bill Clinton/Monica Lewinsky phallic cigar aspect is an important factor that can't be ignored. Suck. Blow. Tons of cigars to be put wherever he/she will let you. Go here. Be surprised. Tell your friends. Rinse. Repeat.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,8/25/2011,28,37,6,12,7>Walking into Arrogant Butcher will instantly increase your swank level by at least 25.6%, seriously. This modern chophouse by Sam Fox puts a sexy spin on nouveau-nostalgic, and trendy flair on classic American fare in typical Fox fashion. Plus it's located in the heart of downtown Phoenix which is on the verge of a full blown revival, and right on the lightrail which makes it terribly convenient for anyone who lives in the area. The handcrafted cocktails were quite impressive. I'm all over house made mixers,  vintage spirits, and super fresh ingredients that translate into something really sublime in every sip. Don't miss the bourbon infused 'Candlestick Maker', and if you're in the mood for something sensational and eclectic look no further than the heavenly gin and chartreuse laced cocktail dubbed 'The Last Word'. Indeed.For the soft-opening we attended the service was spot on, actually more like exceptional. And the food they served up followed closely behind. We sampled the mussels in wine sauce with spicy pork shoulder with pomme frites (that's fancy for french fries), crab stuffed chicken, skirt steak and grilled swordfish with artichokes hearts.  Although slightly salty, and somewhat expected... it was still  flavorful,  delicious, and very satisfying. Yes, Fox is a somewhat of local restaurant giant and Arrogant Butcher does have a decidedly chain vibe to it. But why so serious, downtown/midtown/cenpho elitist diner? It's a chain vibe in the best sense of the term. It really was an overall a fantastic and festive experience! Definitely joining the ranks of lively new downtown establishments I plan to frequent often. Look for me at the bar, cocktail in hand, swag in full effect. Thank you very much.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,8/24/2011,742,648,9,15,12>Id love to share with you my new go-to date night spot. It's filled with so much charm and romance we both were simply glowing with post dinner elation. The place, Vincent's Market Bistro is the scaled down version of the fine dining classic Vincent's of Camelback. It's funny that a place like this is so well hidden without even a hint of signage beyond a sandwich board on the street. Just look for the main Vincent's sign and follow it around back to the Market Bistro entrance, they're housed in the same building. Chef and owner Vincent Guerithault keeps the menu decidedly French with hints of Southwestern flare that he's so famous for. You should look this guy up; he's got some accolades including a James Beard award under his belt. Does kudos translate to good cookery, you bet!For one of my favorites, be sure to look for the Curly Endive Salad ($9) with mustard dressing, bacon, and a poached egg. I saw it, I ordered it, I swooned over it. A well balanced ratio of salty, sweet and sour then fresh cracked pepper completes the equation. Pizza offerings are done well with a tender pale crust that seemed more akin to pastry then to your typical chewy crispy offering. Tarte Flambée ($8) was topped with a light cream sauce, bacon, onion and thyme. Another pork laden pizza was the Caprese ($8) topped with pesto, arugula, mozzarella and prosciutto. I just wished that the greens were put on after cooking instead of before.For dinner you'll find classics including the cooked in its own fat Crispy Duck Confit ($16) with lentils and bacon, sensing a porky theme here? The tender mallard leg was succulent and intense in flavor while the lentils performed well by countering the richness of the meat. For something a little bit lighter, I use that word loosely, order up the Coq au Vin ($10). Red wine braised chicken served atop gratin potatoes were hearty and comforting. Vincent's Market Bistro also offers a $20, 3 course Prix Fixe menu. On my last visit delights were abound with the likes of creamy Butternut Squash Ravioli, Rainbow Trout and a scrumptiously sour Lemon Tart. This has to be one of the best deals in town that I know of. I mean really, food from a James Beard award winning chef at these prices is unheard of. Great food, good prices and excellent service all set in a romantic atmosphere, well; there is one caveat, the hours. Vincent's Market Bistro closes at 8pm, so plan on eating early. We arrived around 6pm on a Saturday night and by 7pm the place was completely filled. Be sure to check their website for times including breakfast, brunch and lunch.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,8/23/2011,411,271,12,14,13>While I love each and every visit to Casella's, today was something special - Casella's was celebrating an anniversary - 34 years in business!!There is something to be said about good food and a friendly atmosphere that stands the test of time.  It is easy to see why this family-run business has been open for 34 years and counting.Since first discovering this local gem with my Favorite Yelper a few months ago, I have lost count of the number of visits we have made.  Each and every time, we are greeted like family.  Denise even remembers our order!  Well, to be honest, every customer is greeted like family.  That is one of the many reasons we can't stay away.The decor is unpretentious, and the wood-paneled, nostalgia-filled walls tell the story of years of being a staple in the community.  Don't be surprised if you are offered a taste of whatever is being sliced behind the counter - thank you again Joe, for that Provolone!  :)Ready to taste a little bit of heaven?  Order the Hot Italian Beef with Provolone.  Served on a soft yet slightly crisp roll with a side of Au Jus, I struggle to find words to describe how good this sandwich is.  Just try it.  You won't be sorry.  Maybe money can't buy you love, but it can get you a fantastic meal - Casella's is cash-only.I have decided that I want to be adopted by the Casella family.  Sorry mom, but if you ever taste one of Casella's sandwiches, you will understand...
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,8/21/2011,69,122,13,17,9>I love you.  I love you not.  I love you.Dear Nee House, I live no more than a 1/2 mile from you, and am a regular. I have waited to write this review, because of our love/hate relationship.  I love your food.  My family loves your food.  Your Yang Zhou Fried Rice is heavenly.  It's loaded with shrimp, char siu pork, and vegetables.  I don't even mind that your spell it Young Chow on your menu.   The first time you made me Pan Fried Prawns with Honey Walnuts I almost wept with joy.  The generous serving of prawns were fresh and perfectly crisp, and the walnuts and sauce flawlessly complimented the shrimp.There are more staples to our usual order:  your Cashew Chicken is a favorite.  We love all of the vegetables, the paper-thin slices of chicken, complemented by the cashews.   Your Sliced Beef with Ginger and Green Onion is delectably unique.  I particularly love the pieces of ginger peppered throughout this flavorful beef dish.  Your Braised String Beans!  Your Eggplant with Garlic Sauce!  So good, every single time.  And I have thoroughly enjoyed the wide variety of soups you expertly prepare.  I am particularly partial to Vegetables Egg Roll.  Your place is simple, and clean.  A decorator wouldn't hurt, but that's not why I don't want to visit.  It's your family.Alas, many in your family don't like me.  I suspect that they don't like people, in general.  Yes, I know the wait-staff is your family (are they your daughters?), because if they were not, you would have fired them ages ago.  I heard about them, before my first visit.  I decided that they weren't going to scare me off; I've been to enough authentic Chinese restaurants to be tolerant of unpolished, non Western-style wait service.  But your folks aren't a little rough around the edges; this isn't a cultural disconnect.  They are rude.  ABRUPT. SURLY.  In a "they can't fire me, I'm family" sort of way.  In a "I hate my job" sort of way.I've had many treasured moments with them.  I've tried.  I'll spare you the details, they are your family, after all- but they aren't good for business.  Someone should really explain to them the concept of "tips".  You DO have a couple good waitstaff-  a more mature woman and gentleman are a welcome reprieve.So, what rating should I give you?  5 definitely for the food, 1.5 for the service.  4 for now.  I'll continue with to-go orders.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,8/20/2011,411,144,7,15,8>-Lots of food, feed, and supplies for your standard farm animals, plus food & supplies for cats, dogs, and pet birds.-Excellent equine selection.-Cute, adorable baby chickies for purchase and to cuddle.-Reasonable prices.-Clean restroom (from handling the chickies or after consuming a Starbucks Venti beverage).-Plentiful parking.-Friendly employees.-Open 7 days a week.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/19/2011,391,272,27,14,7>Shady's is awesome at one thing: getting me drunk and home cheaply. Okay, two things.Not looking to go far or try hard? Try Shady's.Don't want to drink at home alone because that makes you feel like an alcoholic? Try Shady's. Want to hear The Pixies all night long? Try Shady's. (P.S. I have no idea who The Pixies are, but everyone here LOVES them... so they must be good.) Want to have a one-night-stand? Don't try Shady's. (Try Scottsadle.)Basically, it's like getting drunk with friends in your grandparent's basement... only you don't have to clean up the mess the next morning.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,8/18/2011,375,90,16,10,9>Delicious vegan junk food! I am not vegan. I will never be vegan, but I will throw down with the best of them at Green.There are so many delicious treats on their menu I'm not even going to bother naming off the things I've tried here. Just go, eat everything, and when you gain ten pounds don't come crying to me. 'But Kristi, aren't vegan dishes supposed to be healthy?' ummmm NO! If I wanted healthy, I'd poach a chicken breast and eat it with some dry salad and brown rice. Maybe slit my wrists and hop into a nice warm bath for dessert. I come here for fake meat that tastes like angel tears. The only thing they're missing is a liquor license. Located in a strip mall, this place is full of Bieber-esque lesbians and 10 day neck beards just as you would imagine. I don't fit in but when exactly has that ever bothered me? There is even what appears to be a (very tiny) vegan market of sorts inside if you find yourself in desperate need of some Dayia or faux marshmallow fluff. You know, true diet staples. The register area is full of mouth watering vegan desserts that will make you say 'I didn't know you could do THAT with raw cashews!' Man, I love this place...I haven't heard any news lately about the supposed 'new location' but I really hope that is still in the works as it is much closer to home. I can see myself picking up 3 orders of wings to eat in the privacy of my own abode while watching some god awful Lifetime movies on a Sunday. Bring it on Green.  nom nom nom
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,8/17/2011,1070,742,10,14,15>4/11/11It's been so long since I could enjoy bagels, since most are made w/ corn syrup and/or other additives and preservatives, that when I found out a couple of weeks ago, via online inquiry, that the bagels here aren't made w/ cornmeal, cornstarch, corn syrup, or baking powder, I knew I had to try this place!  By sheer luck, the day after the email notification came through, I was able to take advantage of a groupon for LSaB!  (However, that will have to wait another time to be used.)  As if I needed a third excuse to try this cafe, I found out that this venue is in the vicinity of where I work.  How lucky am I??After a bit of adventure locating this place using the Yelp mapping directions, and then driving around the busy complex looking for a spot, I entered the cafe.  It seemed like luck was on my side again, bec. this place got busy right after I placed my order.  (BTW, business is still brisk as I'm typing this review!)  I couldn't decide what to try, so I decided to do two bagels: a French toast (w/ maple syrup and bacon bits baked in!) w/ honey-whipped peanut butter (Skippy-brand), and a sesame seed bagel w/ Nova lox cream cheese.  I asked that half of the bagels be toasted for me to eat here, so that I may take the other halves to-go.  No problem, said owner Michelle, and she gave me the spreads "on the side," so that I may have leftovers to take w/ me, as well.  I really like the personable service here, and I appreciate the patience and consideration shown to me by both Michelle and her employee in looking up ingredients for me.  Spotting the book I was holding (Picoult's Sing You Home), Michelle asked me if I was enjoying it (yes!), as she had just finished reading it herself last night.  Did I know that Picoult visits LSaB when she's in town??  What an interesting day that would be for me if I were to run into her on a future visit!  :)Anyhoo, to make a long story as short as possible, I will say that I enjoyed the bagels so much, that I decided to try a third one- the wholegrain whole wheat bagel (again, half to-go), and I also ordered a small coffee.  Michelle uses the local roaster Espressions, which I was happy to hear since I have enjoyed Espressions in the past.  The wholegrain wheat bagel is definitely more dense than the other two, which were made w/ white flour.  LSaB also offers a fluffier honey whole wheat bagel made w/ a whole wheat and white flour blend.  Since I already had the sugar in the honey-whipped peanut butter to contend w/, I decided to go w/ the denser oatmeal-topped wholegrain bagel, which indeed was heartier and chewier than the other two- I liked it!Can't wait to return, w/ or w/out the groupon!(FYI, the bacon served here is from a local distributor, and while it doesn't contain celery juice/salt, it does contain cornstarch-- corn allergy sufferers beware.)
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2011,8/15/2011,989,176,9,17,11>I needed a new dentist because my previous one moved. I wanted a dentist near my home, but since none of my inner circle lives near me, they were no help. Not being sure where to find a new provider, I decided to take a look on my trusty Yelp. I can find great restaurants there, why not a great dentist?I did a quick search for downtown Phoenix, and one practice name quickly rose to the top. Downtown Phoenix Dental (DPD) had 18 perfect reviews , and I know what you are thinking, "Sure, great reviews- probably spam.." WRONG.  Among the best reviews were people I trust when it comes to honesty and taste. I decided to give DPD a try.Making an appointment was easy, and Robin was very helpful getting me in quickly. Robin obtained my email address and sent me a link with the electronic forms I would need to fill out prior to arrival. This modern convenience totally replaces the need to get to your appointment 30 minutes early, and figure out the paperwork, especially without the benefit of coffee (you don't drink coffee before going to the dentist, right?).The online forms are a snap to fill out, and on the day of my appointment I parked in the super convenient underground garage, where they offer free valet parking. A short elevator ride later and I was in the lobby of the building, with DPD right around the corner. When I arrived in the practice, I was warmly greeted and told that all my forms were received, so I didn't need to fill out any paperwork. I was going to grab a seat in the comfy waiting area, but I didn't even need to, as the dental hygienist, Heather, greeted me and told me she was ready for my appointment. (If you're keeping score at home, so far there was no coffee-less paperwork completion, AND I didn't wait one second for my appointment- let alone the typical 30 minutes waiting for no reason)Heather walked me back to the treatment area and as others have mentioned, she is a great person and is easy to talk to. Heather asked some background questions and began the XRAYS. DPD has very advanced technology, and it really benefits the patients, because it is quicker, and also they get really good images of your choppers. XRAYS done, Heather did a comprehensive teeth cleaning, all the while being so nice and makes it easy to relax. Again, as others have mentioned, you will NOT be lectured or made to feel bad about any tooth care deficiencies. If you need to feel guilty, there is a Catholic church down the street, they can help you feel bad about yourself, but you will not get that from DPD. What you WILL get is outstanding care and some really good tips on ways to be nicer to your teeth, without feeling like you are a dental failure.Dr. Ben came over and examined the XRAYS and my mouth, and found a few cavities. Dr. Ben explained what he wanted to do, and I scheduled an appointment for a few days.Sorry for the long review, but this place deserves way more than a few sentences, plus choosing a dentist is important, and you should know what you're getting. I do not like going to the dentist, as I've yet to go to one where they look at your mouth and high-five you and tell you come back in five years. DPD is a game changer for me, as the  whole experience is so relaxing and easy from start to finish. As I left DPD I was smiling and relaxed, which is unlike any other dental experience I have ever had. I went down to get my car and the Valet looked at my complimentary dental care kit, and asked if I was at the dentist. I told him I was, and that it rocked, and he smiled and said "Yah, I hear that from a lot of people." Downtown Phoenix Dental is where state-of-the-art technology meets world class service, and I can not recommend it enough. It is really nice to now have a dentist and dental team for life. Check out Downtown Phoenix Dental, and your only regret will be you didn't know about them earlier.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/27/2013,285,121,15,14,10>A few general truths I should make everyone aware of before I write my GLOWING review of this establishment:1) I regularly wear clothes2) I regularly drink red wine (almost as regularly as I wear clothes)3) Clothes + red wine + effects of said red wine = This is why I can't have nice things.However, Park Avenue is actually in the process of allowing me to defy human logic and somehow cross item #3 off of the list of "General Truths about Georgeann's Life" because I swear to god they can clean ANYTHING out of ANYTHING.  And for $2.25!  Just be warned, for some of the tougher stains (which I have many) you will get it back with one of those little signs that says they couldn't get the stain out without damaging the fabric. A lot of my garments come back with this tag, but like I said, I can't have nice things. However, most of the time I see the tag but for the life of me can't find the stain so I don't really care. However, if the piece was expensive or important to me, or if the stain is really noticeable and I am really sad about it, you can always ask them to give it special care and they will blow your mind.Two examples: I had a brand new Kensie dress that I absolutely LOVED and brought to Vegas with me almost immediately after buying. Like most of us on our way to vegas, it got completely smashed and was a wrinkled mess when I pulled it out of my suitcase. Like an idiot, I tried to steam iron this rayon dress, despite the facts that rayon does not take well to moisture and I do not know how to iron. What resulted was water stains all over this brand spanking new dress, and me having to improvise an entire Vegas ensemble.  When I brought it in to Park Ave I asked them to please try and remove the stains WITHOUT removing the tags, thinking I might be able to get away with returning it if they really couldn't get the stains out. They got every one of them out, and I'm presuming by hand because I'm pretty sure putting it through the dry clean process would have melted the tags right off. I was SO impressed and asked what I owed for the stain removal. Clearly it could not be the same $2.25 I pay for washable blouses just because they come out all nice and pressed and I don't know how to iron. But it was! I insisted I should pay more, and they insisted that I shouldn't. Most recently I, ingeniously, decided to wear a white maxi skirt on the fourth of July. You know, that day where everyone gets extremely inebriated in the name of Personal Freedom? Also, that day it was forecasted to rain the whole time? Yes, mud plus a white, floor-length skirt sounded like a good idea to me (this is why I can't have nice things). Of course, like most us on the Fourth of July, the bottom got absolutely trashed and I was not surprised to see the dreaded "Sorry We Tried :(" tag hanging when I went to pick it up. I took the plastic off right in the dry cleaners to somberly assess the damage and the girl behind the counter asked if I wanted to send it through again and see what they can do. Why, yes! Thank you for asking! On the second try the skirt came back completely pristine! Again at no extra charge. I am honestly hesitating on posting this review right now because I don't want this place to get too crowded, but they deserve every piece of business they get. GIVE THEM ALL THE STARS!!!
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/26/2013,311,459,9,10,10>Of the non-chain Mexican food places in my area, this is the closest to where I live but it took me a few years to finally try it out. That's because it doesn't have the flashy signs and banners that the other places have, and because the small, somewhat run-down building fades into the background of the countless business and food establishments in the area. But while it serves standard small Mexican food joint fare, the food here is good; not exactly fast food, as it took a while for me to get what I ordered, but the quality is a tad above that of the ubiquitous 'Berto-type  restaurants of the Valley.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,1/25/2013,497,129,12,14,12>New Year's Day is a big day for college football. There are SEVERAL Bowl games being aired. So, when my in-laws suggested we go there for lunch, I was immediately nervous about having to wait an inordinate amount of time to even get into this place.Shockingly, right during peak Bowl game time, the place was practically empty! This afforded me the opportunity to marvel in the sports majesty of Blue 32. I mean, there are t.v.'s EVERYWHERE in this place! There isn't a single seat in the house that isn't facing multiple televisions, which is great, since they air so many sports channels at the same time.The interior of the restaurant is divided into three separate sections: the bar, high-tops, and booth seating. Being that we had a little one with us, we opted for the booth seating. The booths are very spacious. Our party consisted of four adults and one toddler, and we each had arm room and table space to spare. To make the booths a little more inviting, the backs of each booth appear to be considerably taller than in most restaurants. Given the rowdiness that can stem from sporting events, these high-backed booths offer a small hint of intimacy if you're looking to have a conversation with the rest of your party.Now, as I mentioned, the restaurant was really empty by Bowl game crowd standards. For some reason, it took a considerable amount of time for our waitress to greet us after we were seated. After that, it took even longer for our food to arrive at the table. When it did arrive, though, it was pretty good. Typical bar fare is wings and fried foods. Here, they have a full menu of great burgers, chicken, salads, and seafood. For four adults and one toddler, ordering three entrees, two appetizers, and two alcoholic beverages, our final bill came out to around $60.00...during happy hour. So, during prime time, I'm sure the bill would have been considerably higher.While we were leaving, I noticed that they do have an AWESOME covered patio. There are a few televisions, misters, and a few fans to help keep you cool during the summer.So, the atmosphere was awesome, the food was good, the service was eh. If you're looking for a great place to catch a game and have a beer, this is definitely a great candidate. If you're looking to be wowed by cuisine and service, perhaps you should try another place.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/24/2013,234,558,11,13,14>Oh Four Peaks...how I love thee....SO excited that this location is finally open. Im a fan of the original location, but on weekends it can get bogged up w/ douc....less than awesome clientele.This location is hidden in an industrial neighborhood, w/ plenty of parking. They dont serve food at this location, but they have partnered w/ several local food trucks. They serve up some tasty grub that you can then bring in the tasting room to enjoy w/ your brew. Theres a decent amount of tables, chairs and bar seats. I was actually surprised, they made it sound smaller. I LOVE the window into the warehouse. Rumor has it theyll be pumping out a few seasonal favorites from this location year round. Theyll be lots more canning and bottling going on as well.This is my new fave Four Peaks location.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,1/23/2013,95,92,7,6,7>It was Sept 18, 2012... oh you say whats that?  National Cheeseburger Day!  Ive heard great things about Wally's and have been to its sister restaurant quite a few times Grassroots (which is fantastic) and decided on such a momentous occasion why not give it a shot.  First off the place is really cool, Irish bar styled, really comfortable feel to the place.  People here are very polite and friendly (staff and patrons) it really gives a Cheers like vibe (the TV show not the shitty bar in Glendale, oh you don't know about that? THANK GOD).  I tried the wine burger which is slowly grilled with red wine sangria, topped with Swiss and sauteed mushrooms annnnnnnnnnnnd its amazing.  Really flavorful and def worth eating bad for, it made my Cheeseburger Day easy.  It came with mixed fries (sweet and reg potato) I don't have fries much (cause they are so terrible for you, then again so is the cheeseburger but its a holiday so F it) but they were crispy and flavorful so also fantastic.  The menu is full of lots of other tasty looking options I'm looking forward to trying in particular the caramelized vidalia onion and guinness soup, I mean how great does that sound?! Oh you think that sounds gross? Go to hell, everyone else try this place :)
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,1/22/2013,448,260,6,11,9>For the Central Phoenix crowd, the Clarendon Hotel has long been our only option for a true rooftop hangout. My heart is still with the Clarendon (gotta support local, the views are unobstructed and awesome and there's nothing like getting happy hour tacos from Gallo Blanco and a margarita in a plastic cup and taking them upstairs for a sunset feast) BUT there is a new kid in town, and it's bringing a funkier, sleeker vibe to the scene. For starters, I love the fact that Lustre Bar is by the hotel pool. Granted, I haven't been in it yet, but one of these days, I may down too many well made daquiris and end up diving in. But I digress. The other thing that really makes Lustre cool is the furniture - from the pool lounges to the sofas, it has a very cool mid-century-modern-meets-today vibe. The views aren't too shabby either - you can look out and see the mountains to the south, as well as Chase Field and US Airways Center. My only complaint about the view is the very large advertisements covering the sides of the two large towers. Since they're only really viewable from the bar, I'm wondering how many folks they're actually going to reach. Lest I forgot, I should also mention that the few times I've been, there's been a really great DJ, adding even more to the cool atmosphere. Last but not least, of course, Lustre Bar serves the fantastic cocktails from Blue Hound downstairs. Stop by during HH, get yourself a $6 Tommy's Margarita, kick back and enjoy the views and beats. Scottsdale may finally have some competition :)
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/19/2013,463,250,11,14,12>Judging from the other reviews on here touting the magnificence of The Roose's hair & nail services, it seems a little selfish of them to go out and get the best massage therapist that I've ever had the pleasure of falling asleep to.  But they did.In the very recent past I was agnostic about who my massage therapist was, so I would get massages whenever I stumbled across discounts from any nearby place.  Sawana (LMT) started at The Roose about two months ago, and I stumbled onto her table via the introductory offer she had at the time, as was my MO.  But she converted me: now I actually return for regular massages instead of just lurking the interwebs indiscriminately for sales from any ol' place.Then I treat myself across the street to Tammie Coe :-)
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,1/17/2013,189,498,6,16,15>I started hearing about this place a few years ago.  However it is a bit of a drive from Glendale.  Last week I was querying some friends for an herb I needed to fill an old recipe.  One of them suggested Penzey's and after looking on line to see they carried it and knowing I was going to be in the East Valley today I made it a point to stop in.  I'm hooked!  I saw so many things that I had looked for elsewhere in the past and could never find.  This will now be the first place I head for for those items you just cannot find anywhere.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,1/16/2013,690,342,5,11,9>Since my last review in 2009, I have used Camelback Movers an additional two times (with two different crews) and have been equally as happy as the first time I used them. Always professional, hard working, and very careful with your items. I've never had a single item damaged. Very competitive pricing. Highly recommended.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,1/15/2013,100,799,7,10,9>= = = = = =  A HOT DOG BUFFET!!  = = = = = =It's been 6 months, which is a long time to skip this screwy Buffet, so I got together with Arlin B. to give it another go today.  What we have here is a variety of salad items, & then a whole bunch of different kinds of weiners and toppings to make hot dogs with.  For this visit, after salad, I enjoyed a basket of cooked to order Onion Rings (included in the Buffet price), salad, potato salad, various pickle spears etc., a small bowl of chili with cheese & onion toppings, and then it was on to a Skin-on Sabrett hot dog, a Bratwurst Dog, & a Smoked Polish Dog, my favorite of the three today.It's $8.99 on Monday through Thursday, & $14.99 on Friday and Saturday, at which times they put out more food items, soups, shrimp, crab legs and Prime Rib!This Buffet is set up kind of crazy, so you have to be patient with yourself to take full advantage of all that is available, but all in all, it's a real treat for the hot dog lover in you!     :-))
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,6/10/2013,247,208,3,6,4>4.5 stars*****OH THANK GOODNESS the Boba gods have answered my prayers!!!!!!I have been so depressed about the lack of boba around Glendale, I think I have literally tried every milk tea at every asian restaurant, market, bakery in this area and all were no bueno! Watered down, powdered, too sweet, not sweet enough.. ARGH!But this place is not only totally trendy with its red, gold and green paint, cute quotes on the wall, funky furniture, and hip hop music playing in the background... they also have good boba! Snacks too! SOOOO many options! And to top it all off, wonderful service!I got the honey black milk tea, my friend got the green tea with lychee jelly, and we got an order of popcorn chicken. My friend's tea was delicious, not too sweet and the lychee jelly was the real deal. You can tell they use real tea; it does not taste watered down. I'm used to popcorn chicken served with chilli powder in a bag with an oversized toothpick, but Bomboba's idea of chicken is served on a tray with a side of sweet and sour sauce and veggies. Think mini chicken tenders. Tasty (and probably healthier too) and priced fairly. My drink initially came out under-sweetened but I asked the person behind the counter to add a bit more honey and they fixed it for me, no questions asked. Someone even approached our table later and asked if everything was to my liking now, and it sure was! I like that they blend and not just shake their drinks before adding ice (even their milk teas). It makes the consistency of the tea a little frothier which I love. They also have frozen yogurt with all the topping options and some other yummy eats on their menu like eggrolls, spring rolls, mozzarella sticks, etc. Overall this place totally gets my approval! Spread the word, Imma make sure Bomboba is here to stay!P.S. They have stamp cards too, ask for one!!!!
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/9/2013,2276,947,21,29,29>We came here last evening to listen to that great voice which is Mandy Patinkin. Wow it was even better than we could have imagined.His vocal range is incredible. He started with some old old Broadway tunes from the 40s and 50s. Then moves on and starts softly speaking these words without music:Is this the real life?Is this just fantasy?Caught in a landslideNo escape from realityOpen your eyesLook up to the skies and seeSo you say to yourself. No!  He's not going to sing it. And, he doesn't. He just leads into the middle of another old Broadway tune. So you think, what was that?  Well, it was a tease. He starts having a dialogue with the audience about his marriage and wife.  But then comes back to it. Now accompanied by Paul Ford on the piano. He sings the entire song. Bohemian Rhapsody. All the parts. Wow! Freddie Mercury would have been proud!That's how the evening went. Interspacing old show tunes with some more recent melodies.  He sang a few from Steven Sondheim's "Sundays in the Park with George".  It was a show he was nominated for a Tony.  The best of the night, was his singing of Oh Shenandoah. What made it special was his stopping midway to recite the first part of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address. He goes back to Oh Shenandoah, then finishes the second half of Gettysburg Address and the last verse of Oh Shenandoah. Absolutely beautiful.Surprisingly no tunes from Evita. A show he won the Tony for his role of Che, and made famous with Patti Lepone.  He finished the evening with a tune from the movie Ragtime and the music of Randy Newman. There were two curtain calls. He and his pianist Paul Ford looked exhausted after a non-stop ninety minutes. We left feeling as if we had just enjoyed something special. This was our first time to the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts and we were very impressed.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,6/8/2013,145,177,6,8,7>Very surprising that I would like Indian food without meats! I had to be in the area for classes and there wasn't a lot of choices in the area.  A co-worker had gone to the buffet before so I decided to join him for lunch.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean.  The buffet included salad, soups, two types of rice, and other dishes which I have no clue what I had but it was all good!  Lots of spices and a variation of veggies in the dishes, anyone would enjoy! We there two days in a row and the buffet had different dishes each time.  The price was reasonable and I never left hungry.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to try something different and enjoy some great Indian dishes one may not have tried unless they went to Madas Ananda Bhavan.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/7/2013,367,306,5,8,8>All day Happy Hour on Sunday!I just moved within walking distance of North and I could not be happier. I have been a couple times now and love it!Their house wine is great and during HH even their reserve bottles of wine are half off! The chef's board is very good and filled with very thin sliced Genoa salami and a spicy version. It also comes with two cheeses, a golden raisin compote, spiced nuts, bread and the best damn green olives I can remember eating. Seriously, these olives are great, order a side of them. Trust me.They have a daily special pizza ($8 during Happy Hour). The pizza is thin and crispy without any char, which I like. The crust is big and fluffy with a sprinkle of course salt. It actually reminds me of a delicious soft pretzel...crazy huh?On to the mains...I ordered the house-made spinach tortellini. WOW! It is not a huge portion but plenty to feel satisfied without ending up in a food coma. The cheese filling is so light and buttery. You must check out this simple dish. I was also lucky enough to taste the scallops. I am a huge scallop fan and I am quite picky about them. These are the best I have had in a very long time. Perfectly cooked over a mushroom risotto. OMG!Go here and get some great food and a glass (or bottle) of wine, but don't take my seat. PS. They allow dogs on the patio!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,6/6/2013,44,326,8,11,5>We are long time fans of Kevin Binkley.  If he opened a restaurant in the men's bathroom at a Walmart, we would go.  If he served us pate swimming in deer urine, we would eat it.  We surrender our taste buds to his will as often as our wallets and waistlines will allow.  Bink's Midtown in casual joint tucked away in an almost-residential area.  It's small, cozy, and intimate.  Parking is pretty much valet only (unless you want to get vehicularly creative) so bring a few bucks for a tip.  The drinks were fantastic.  The Farmer's Market Margarita was possibly the most complex margarita I've ever tasted.  Magical tequila, cilantro, jalepeno, and other goodness in an unassuming glass - yes, please.  The Strawberry Basil Lemonade was good - dangerously good.  My appetizer of beef risotto was delicious.  Served with a dollop of creme fraiche, it was interesting and untraditional.  My company raved about their octopus and plate of bone marrow.  The sand dabs cooked with brown butter and almonds were out of this world.  Crispy on the outside and ridiculously tender on the inside... these folks know what to do with sea creatures.  My husband enjoyed the bolognese (which he's had many times at Cafe Bink) but was not as fond of this iteration.  It was made with a garlic bread pudding and he felt there was just too much butter.  (Apparently, too much butter is a thing.)  My chocolate puddin' cake was tasty but not jaw droppingly interesting or delicious.  It felt like it was missing a little something.  Our server was wonderful.  Friendly, present without hovering, and quick to offer a suggestion.  We truly enjoyed ourselves and look forward to coming back.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/5/2013,149,291,5,9,4>Cafe Boa finally has a competitor in Tempe!  For date night I know that some college folks will never abandon House of Tricks, but for a new urban wine bar you have to check out Salut.  Went on their opening night and it was packed with families and pretty people.  The price points are very reasonable and they have both beers on draft and wine on draft.  (Perfect for when you might need to down a few...err one quickly)Ambiance:  Similar to the Garage in Phoenix mixed in with the original Postinos.  Big patio area which is nice.  Try to sit on that side, admittedly there is one side that faces right into a parking lot, (but in Az, what restaurant doesn't)They have great music without becoming too loud.Food is mediterranean inspired.  Think olives, pomegranate, feta etc.  The salads are delicious and do not miss the mushroom ravioli which I could have devoured all by myself but was forced the share.  I was full from two appetizers and a salad and the aforementioned wine so I didn't get to the main entrees which looked tasty.  Clearly I will have to come back.The staff is pretty, but more importantly, very nice and considering how new the restaurant is, they ran a very smooth ship.  I am really hoping that this restaurant inspires more eateries to open up in Tempe.  (I might have a reason to leave my 10 mile Phoenix bubble more often)
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,6/4/2013,189,498,5,13,9>OK.  This place has to make it in this somewhat jinxed location.  First a never ending stream of Mexican restaurants and the last tenant was a Hawaiian BBQ with decent but not striking food.  These folks have completely redone the space.  The sandwich and onion rings I had were excellent.  The folks running the place are friendly and efficient.  When you are placing the order they ask all sorts of questions to make sure it comes out the way you want it, not just the way they want to make it.  While the place was not crowded it was obvious several of the folks eating there or picking up to go orders were already regular customers.  There are lots of items on the menu and I will be back to try some more of them.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,6/3/2013,227,122,6,8,8>I've been here once and thought it was alright. I only had the pizza and thought it was delicious - it was the crust that made it super yummy as well as their wine coolers, but there was nothing fabulous that would have me coming back all the time. So when I went again, I knew I was in store for yummy pizza but not sure what else. I, and a friend, went back on a busy night. There were people waiting, even outside on a cold rainy night. While we waited, we managed to find a place at the bar and grabbed a beer. The wait didn't seem long and we were seated at a booth. The service was awesome, which was expected since last time was awesome, regardless of knowing one of the bartenders who took care of my friend and I. Anyways, we started off our meal with their BOH soup. From my experience, in general, BOH soup is always yummy and worth trying! And their soup was worth trying, although I wish their soup of the night had been a bit spicier, it was good. My friend also had moved on from the beer to the hibiscus wine cooler and it was super yummy. I do need to order that next time. After the soup, we were going to get two pizzas but decided to try an app and a pizza. Experience from last time told me that two pizzas would not be even close to being finished. The app we went for was the Meatball Trio. I wanted to try it for the polenta, the meatballs we're just bonus. I really liked it! The crunch from the polenta with soft yummy meatballs and their marinara sauce was awesome. And the pizza we had - the Manifesto - was just as awesome! I'm not normally a fan of goat cheese or fennel, but on the pizza, it was delish. And when we thought we had had enough, we decided on dessert. We got a cobbler. Now I'm not a fan of cobblers or fruit pies, but their cobbler was something I ate up. The crust and fruit filling was awesome and was served hot so eating it with ice cream was a must. I just wish there was another scoop of ice cream since the one scoop melted into the dessert lol. I will make sure to keep coming back and easy my way through their menu :p
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/2/2013,57,155,8,7,6>Los Dos is the shiz-nittle-SNAP! Yes it is hot! DAMN HOT!!!Folks, this is New Mexican food, not Mexican. New Mexico is home of the Hatch Chili, which they use... in everything, and not at all sparingly.YOU WILL FEEL PAIN, especially if you get the green sauce. Deal with it.. or better yet, love it! This place is for seasoned, professional, iron tongued, steel stomached, sweating and sniffling half way through your meal, true spice connoisseurs.Other than Thai restaurants that know what they are doing, and a few places with absolutely crazy suicide wings, you will not find burn like this at any other restaurant.If you don't want spicy food go to one of the chain restaurants and get your boring Mexican food and go on with your boring life and continue writing boring reviews of flavorless places like Olive Garden or Applebees or Garcia's.Sorry, had to get that out of my system. What is really fun is to bring folks or clients here from out of town the say the LOVE spicy food. "We'll see", I tell them...They do have some less spicy alternatives, BUT...Get the Adovada Burrito with Green Sauce and you will see God. Its a burrito I would punch my mother for. Tell your wimpy friends to get the sauce on the side, it helps control the heat.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,6/1/2013,463,250,,13,10>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):8 Food9 Drinks8 Service10 Atmosphere8 ValueCrescent is versatile, community-oriented, and delicious.  Interestingly, no single element of Crescent really blows me away, but rather it's a perfectly balanced and integrated effort which leads to a faultless and complete package.Unfortunately, it's kind of an island with absolutely nothing else around it which simply adds to downtown's unexplorability, but the place itself is stellar.  The outdoor patio area is just right, despite staring at a giant parking garage.  While my favorite meal is the nachos with a Honey Badger, everything I've had has been good.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2008,8/2/2008,325,381,9,9,10>This is an old classic. It's neat enough inside to go just for the hell of it. It's like an antique or a museum piece. The drink prices are from a different era as well. If you can grab a good spot, you'll have a nice comfortable evening. The place is tight and kinda cramped though, so if it's crowded you may only want to go if you like rubbing up against strangers (you do like that, don't you - sick dirty pervert).The decor is not as inspired as a proper hip dive bar should be, and the typical crowd here isn't very remarkable. Coach House dances on the edge of cool.The experiences I've had here over the years have been a mixed bag. The crowd is also a bag - a bag of douche. It's best to go on a night when it's slow and bring your own crowd. The staff here is good... apart from the security - which are humorless thugs. Two stars on busy nights because of the type of crowd that occupies it, and a potential for four on any other given non-busy night. In any case, it's totally worth checking out at least once or twice.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,8/1/2008,72,172,4,7,7>Sweet Thang pushes the edge of the sweet envelope.  The decor is sweet, the size is sweet, and the menu is sweet as.... well.... sweet as sugar.So many have said that a cupcake is a cupcake, but there are things that set these cupcakes apart.  They decorate them so sweetly, it almost sends you into a sugar coma.  My red velvet cupcake had marzipan decorations, and one of my other cupcakes had fondant icing.too cute... i loved it!
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,7/31/2008,30,210,10,7,7>OMG, Scottsdale Sunflower is the best place outside of Tempe to pickup on chicks who don't shave their arm pits.Oh, and it also happens to be the best place in the area for produce, really effing good cereal (the peanut butter Puffin sh!t), organic food and 50 million different types of trail mix.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2008,7/30/2008,112,139,10,10,7>I live about a mile from here. How did I never know it existed?I'm reviewing it while sitting here on my Mac Book Pro soaking up the free WIFI and a Strongbow cider, in the dark, feeling cool as fuck. It's dark. There's lots of wood. Jazz music on the stereo. This place is awesome. I feel awesome just being here. Well, I usually feel awesome, but now I feel double plus super secret awesome and a half. And it's not just the cider talking. As the Terminator said... I'll be back.There's no sign. Just look for the blue and red OPEN led's in the window.Wifi key: speakeasy. I feel like I'm in one.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/26/2008,7/29/2008,367,544,13,12,6>So I gave Portland's another shot this past weekend, given their $30 summer prix fixe menu and its proximity to my new place.  Like Melissa H said there was a change in the pf menu and the fish I was going to get was replaced with duck, to which I am allergic.  So the pf menu was out.I agree with everything she said about the appetizers.  I ordered the Cajun shrimp pasta for my entree and I was less than impressed.  The pasta was incredibly overcooked, it was literally falling apart on my fork.  The shrimp were large and plentiful so I just ended up eating all the shrimp and leaving the shreds of pasta behind.  The strangest part of the meal, for me, was when my entree was brought to the table.  I was informed that they did not have any knives. (!) but "I did bring you a fork"....wow, that is so nice of you!  I was just planning on using my hands to eat the pasta but you thought so much to bring me a fork!  I looked around at all the empty tables around us that had place settings and wondered why they could not have given me one of those place settings which had knives.  (Seriously, by that point we were one of two parties in the restaurant).  I was then left with a choice of a. shoving a whole shrimp into my mouth, b. eating the shrimp off the fork in a klassy corn dog type of fashion or c. cutting the shrimp with my fork.  (I opted for c. and it was pretty difficult to do...)  My conclusion on Portland's is that the food is consistently mediocre (sometimes even below mediocre) and it functions best as a place to have a drink.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,7/28/2008,2178,528,55,25,30>OK so the bf is a few years younger than I. Just a tad. OK. So, he's 17 years younger. Oh my god! I'm like, a gay male cougar. I'm a manther! Anyway. I digress. A bunch of his same aged buddies wanted to meet at Kobalt. Rickie and I arrived first and discovered a bright, well kept, no dartboards kinda bar. No smell of stale beer. No problem finding a parking spot. It was actually. Civilized. And it's a gay bar in Phoenix? Wow! After having a few rounds of drinks and perhaps forgetting that I was the elder of the group, one of them exclaims...."Yea. This place is pretty cool. Too bad there's so many guys over 40 here." Wow. I was one of those guys. But, hey! What? just because some of the hair on my head has made its way into my ear canal and lower back. And just because I  know Harvey Milk was a slain gay rights activist and not a type of dairy beverage. I can't have a place with a piano, a granite bar and a barstaff that truly knows how to make a Gibson. Thanks Kobalt. I'm blue no longer.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/14/2008,7/27/2008,123,110,8,6,7>I don't think Carvel translates west of the Hudson River. I'm not sure I even really like the stuff. I was raised on it, so maybe it's just conditioned behavior.Carvel means soft-serve. You got your chocolate. You got your vanilla. You got your chocolate-vanilla swirl. Is it better than Dairy Queen? No idea. If I have a cone in my hand, I revert to my seven year-old self and suspend judgment.Carvel also means cakes. Strange cakes: Fudgie the Whale and Cookie Puss. These characters are vaguely sinister, and the cakes seem to come from the same mold. Fudgie and Cookie owe their distinct identities to the decorator's touch.Actually, Carvel is perfect for Phoenix in one way: everything in the frozen case is reduced to a temperature of absolute zero. When I was a kid, we'd get cakes or cherry bonnets (don't ask) and have to leave them on the counter for three days before they reached an edible temperature. Here, you just throw a cake on the passenger seat and it's perfect when you get home. Bonus points to any nomads who remember Tom Carvel's TV commercials. There's nothing more enchanting to a child than an ice cream pitchman who sounds just like Vito Corleone.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,7/26/2008,848,353,12,17,13>I've been coming here for YEARS and just thought to review it?  WTF is wrong with me???????????????????????THIS is Mexican seafood.  I've been to other places and nothing compares!  I take a book, sit in back and people watch while creaming my "Make Me Yelp" panties as I eat my culichi.  It's D I V I N E!  Eat the shrimp with a fork but you sure as Hell better use a spoon to destroy the rest of the bowl and leave it clean!Everything is fresh and the wait staff is loaded with recommendations.  Ask, and ye shall find. The snapper Veracruz is so good I often order 2 and take one home.  The decor is fun - aquatic scenes that won't make you feel guilty for eating the seafood in front of you.  At Xmas they had a Santa at the door!  The people here a super-friendly!  They have their own parking lot.  You know it's a good place when yours isn't the fanciest car in the parking lot.  All kinds come here, despite the neighborhood not being the nicest in DoPho.  You can't miss it - even though I do pass it every time!  I think I'm too excited thinking of the shrimp culichi and my mouth is watering so much that I always manage to say "Crap, passed it again!"Go.  Just go to this place.  You won't be disappointed.  I swear.  And, you won't break the bank.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2008,7/25/2008,151,367,1,15,11>My ethnic experience isn't rooted in the middle eastern culture, but my fiancee's is, and she goes nuts in here buying some awesome, interesting, and delicious gear like tahini, chick peas, za'atar, feta, etc for making things like hummus, za'atar bread, and the like.  I picked up a half-rack of lamb chops and a side of couscous for prepping ($12) together.  Their butcher is awesome and far different from retail grocery chains in Phoenix.  They have a mountain of hooves, FYI.  Typically, the prices are inexpensive-to-reasonable, but sometimes the rarer items are a bit elevated in price.  That is totally understandable considering the unavailability of this type of product nearly anywhere else in the valley.  They make you put at least $10 on your debit, so be aware, though they have so much good stuff that this fee is easy to surpass.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2008,7/24/2008,197,146,16,15,13>Well... good ol' Gabi K took me here for lunch a few months ago (THANKS GABI) and I've been back for lunch several times since. It's the kind of place I want to hate just because I want to hate hip, cool, yuppy crack dens. And La Grande Orange is totally a yuppy version of a crack den! Think about it. What type of stuff  = crack for wealthy suburban white people? Here is a list:GelatoCupcakes2 Hour lunches on a TuesdayGreen TeaCrap with FennelGourmet Pizza3 hour lunches on a TuesdayMulti-Grain BreadAvocadoslunch datestunaparking lots full of hybrid carslunch (in general)So because I am a self-loathing suburban white chick - I friggin' love this place!!!Now who wants to have lunch?
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2013,9/8/2013,329,174,5,5,4>I found this little gem in the middle of nowhere. Thanks to all the Yelp reviews. Let me start off by saying that this place is in the middle of a business park. We went for dinner on a Saturday night so the business park was empty except a few cars in one corner of the parking lot. The restaurant is not facing the street so I just followed the parked cars. All I have to say about this place is wow. The decor is casual. Nothing really pops out to me but the food is great. My wife was going wild over the hot fresh bread. I had the thin crust Margherita pizza. Very good. I really enjoyed it. My wife had the spaghetti with meat sauce and really enjoyed it. We think that they used the same sauce for the pizza and spaghetti which we're not complaining cause it was so good. We ended our meal with their homemade Spinoni that had three flavors of chocolate, pistachio and strawberry that was dipped in a hard chocolate. This was so good. We were fight over the last few bites and of course my wife won. The service was great. They were filling our water cups in a timely manner without us asking. The server was very friendly, helped and very pleasant. They were very grateful that we came in and everyone thanks us. What can I say great Italian food, good service but hidden in a business park. Can't wait to bring our kids.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,9/7/2013,119,127,6,9,7>I had a great time there.  Walking into the smell of popcorn is orgasmic.  That... was... amazing. We went last night and I guess the "Brides of March" bar crawl had started there earlier. The bartender was attentive and knew his stock like the back of his hand. He gave service with a smile which is unprecedented in the Phoenix bar scene.  We went with a same sex couple but it was obvious there were some glares towards us "breeders".  No problem, I am not into screwing up safe places for others to drink.  We stayed for a beer and then went on our way.  I would have no problem going back, but don't want to mess up the ratio, if you know what I mean.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/6/2013,60,80,3,9,9>You definitely won't go hungry here!! The atmosphere was nice. The people were even nicer. It can be casual but you might want to put on something a little more special to dine here, plus it makes you feel good to dress up. The food was outstanding! The value to portion ratio at dinner is insane, I suggest fasting before eating here. You will get two large meals out of it. I was so hoping to try dessert after Yelps recommendations but I will have to control myself next time to fit that in. The bread is delivered to your table shortly after coming out of the oven & is warm & delicious. There were a few large groups that had laughter oozing from the tables which made it a fun experience. We can't wait to go again!
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,9/5/2013,480,556,7,12,13>So as often as I go and as much as I enjoy this place I decided to update my review.  This is absolutely my favorite spot downtown for a sandwich.  Sure you can get Subway or Jimmy Johns for cheaper (not by much) but here you get QUALITY.  Their menu selections has something for just about anyone (they now started carrying gluten free bread) , sandwiches, soups, salads and pastries.  They also have a convenient online ordering system so you can place your order and pick up when you are ready.  Their sandwiches are fresh made to order with exactly what you want.  Try one of their signature sandwiches, YUM! Or keep it simple...it's your choice. If you are not that hungry they offer a mini version of most sandwiches (using one slice of bread but super generous fillings)  I personally prefer to keep it simple, generally going for one of the following, ham sandwich on dark rye with everything, egg salad on dark rye (no cheese) with everything or peanut butter (house made) with honey on whole grain. They offer a variety of beverages including beer, wine and fresh brewed iced tea. You can feed your sweet tooth here with a variety of pastries or select candies they offer.  A happy hour is offered in the evenings, sometimes with live music.  The service is quick , friendly and the ingredients fresh.  Crisp leaf lettuce and tomato on your sandwich are not treated as an afterthought here.  They take pride in their quality and presentation.  Skip the big chains across the street and shop this local AZ business.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,9/4/2013,1507,2829,5,10,8>Second visit, just as good as the first:Mushroom, Walnut, Spinach Soup with Homemade Bread and ButterCheese Steak - Onions, Green Pepper, Mushroom, Swiss, Red Wine GravyChicken Pot Pie - Carrots, Red Potato, Green Beans, Celery, Thyme and Chicken GravyThe Pilgrim - Turkey, Sweet Potatoes, Grilled Onion, Stuffing, Cranberry SauceBanoffee Pie - Graham Cracker Crust, Caramel, Whipped Cream, BananasApple Caramel Pasty - Apples, Cinnamon, Caramel topped with Ice Cream and Whipped CreamMoving from sweet to savory (and then back to sweet) our arrival at Cornish Pasty Company was met with a raucous crowd enjoying any number of craft brews but seated swiftly as Led Zeppelin, The Who, and The Ramones competed for air time overhead we were greeted equally quickly by an excellent (and funny without being fakey) young server who understood our time constraints in terms of making it to the game and took our whole order at once noting that she'd place the order in a staggered manner to make sure food wouldn't pile up while still leaving us time to make it to ASU by kickoff - a plan that worked flawlessly.Knowing from my last visit that the pasties would all be excellent - and they were - what truly wowed during this visit to Cornish Pasty Co was actually the soup, a recommendation from our server as "her favorite thing on the menu" - a dense, creamless potage with a hefty mushroom nose and a subtle vegetal note on the tongue while the walnut base added a lingering smoothness that went well with the hearty housemade soda bread and cultured butter.  Obviously not leaving without dessert and having already enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding and bread pudding on my prior visit this time we opted for the house-special Banoffee Pie and Caramel Apple Pasty, neither as good as the pair off puddings but both better than the vast majority of in-house pastries at restaurants in Phoenix and Scottsdale (where even top tier restaurants choose to outsource their desserts to Ms. Dempsey.)
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,9/3/2013,493,165,9,16,13>Everyone in this town, including me has become a self proclaimed  pizza critic.  Humble Pie, Pizza Bianco, Cibo, and the Parlor are eveolving Phoenix into a serious Pizza city.  Those who enjoy brick oven pizza this is a must.  And those who just eat delivery pizza must come to grips that Pizza Hut's HQ is not in Italy.  Food:The heart of the house is right in the dinning area, a wood fire brick oven. And ladies, were talking real wood here.   They make the pizzas right in front of you, how fun see.Quick note, they do a great job with non pizza items, and a fun kids menu. Service:this is a pizza joint right,  rule number one for amateurs, don't get antsy pansy because things take time on the weekends, this place gets crowded. Why well probably because Humble Pie has created a popular brand.   I like personal service, most the time your server takes care of you from start to finish and i like that.  I think restaurants like Humble Pie have given new life to the 7th St. Phoenix restaurant district.  Im glad to see the 85006 zip code continuously attracting more restaurant owners.  The Phoenix area is building up and keeping growing businesses a shot at success.  Happy Pizza,Kevin U.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,9/2/2013,175,390,9,14,14>We just came here yesterday for lunch and still full today.We were a group of 6. We wanted to take my Mother for an  Early Mothers Day. Since my girlfriend has to work on that day. Anyway, this is very much like a Vegas style Hotel ,and it was packed. Everyone gambleing on the Wednesday afternoon.The Buffet was nice,although there was a party in there of about 26 people who thought they were the only ones in the place. After they left it was clam.The resturant is very clean,nice dining area. Our server was very attentive.He refilled our drinks many times and was always coming by.The choices are good. Lots of fruit and cheese,salads of all sorts.Mexican, chinese, and meats and potaoes. Lots of choices.Gelato was amazing. cakes and pies, Berry tarts.I always over eat at this type of Buffet.it is a really nice place to go with a nice view from the dining area. We had arrived about 1:45 so the girl did come up about 2:45 and tell us it would be closing in 15 min and to make our final selections for food. That was nice as well. They did add the tip on the bill in the beginning ,I am sure because,there was 6 of us.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/1/2013,1070,742,13,22,18>5/23/13I bookmarked Renegade a few months ago, but didn't have the inclination to go until I decided to try takeout from Stone & Vine and spotted Renegade next door.  I already planned to try Renegade after Restaurant Week ended, so imagine my surprise to find an invitation via text last night to attend today's Grand Opening VIP Tasting!  (I'd just arrived from a terrific RW dinner at Sassi when I received the text.)  I received the confirmation email this morning asking guests to arrive in casual attire.Arrived before the place started to get crowded.  Spied a couple of old acquaintances, and we decided to sit together.  (Had a great time catching up with you, Chris and Heather!)  Glad we moved to a table close to the musicians playing at the front- Jared Blackstone sang and played guitar, while another would join in on keyboards from time to time.  He did covers ranging from Rob Thomas and Johnny Cash to Pearl Jam and The Beatles.  So good was the music tonight that Heather and I went and bought CDs.  I hope he's on regular rotation at Renegade...Before moving to the table, we sat at the bar, where Heather and I immediately were given ribbon-tied plastic bags filled with fruit-infused rum cocktails finished with Kool-Aid.  I couldn't have any, so I gave mine to Chris.  At the table, Heather ordered a glass of Earthquake Zin, and I a Rosemary Margarita, which had an ice cube made up of a rosebud and rosemary sprigs!  So delicate and very pretty, yet packed quite a punch! yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Here's what we sampled...Venison lollipops dusted with dry mole yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Kale + chard kimchi Braunschweiger pate yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Heirloom tomato, soy beans and crab gazpacho yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Mini-waffle cone filled with mango pudding yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Crab mac 'n cheese yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Black bean hummus & raw veggies yelp.com/biz_photos/rene… (too sour!)MOD 'N Sour pork wings and Slider "MODS" Kobe beef and bufalo sweet chili sloppy joes with Velveeta yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…Flavored goat cheese cream under smoke-fennel pollen essence yelp.com/biz_photos/rene…My faves were the venison lollipops, kimchi pate (on duck-scented black bread!), pork wings (not too sour or sweet- perfect!), Kobe beef sloppy joe sliders, mango pudding mini-cones, crab mac 'n cheese, and of course, the winner of the evening-- flavored goat cheese cream served on ashtrays!  The first serving I had, I concentrated on the different flavors and textures of the sweet dish-- smoky fennel mixing with the creamy goat cheese, and the nutty fennel pollen amidst the silky goat cheese cream- oh la la!  We were practically begging for more!  When we finally got seconds of it, a server actually brought out a covered smoking tray, stopped in front of our table, waited till it dawned on us what we were about to receive, and then lifted the cover, and out drifted smoke!  This time, the fennel pollen tasted even smokier than the first batch, and then I finally had to stop and shake my head, because darn it, I'm eating out of an ashtray!  I'm sure it painted quite a picture to see me, a non-smoker who abhors the habit (I work in a smoke-infested environment), eating out of an ashtray with glee!We each took a parting gift of Mole Gold 24K gold-infused EVOO and a set of headphones in a paint can on our way out, and I asked the artist I'd passed a couple of times on my way to the restroom, he had an unfinished canvas next to him, if he was responsible for some of the artwork adorning the walls; he said yes.  He is Lalo Cota, and he's painted some of the murals here, as well as the ceiling of one of the dining rooms, and has done artwork at PHX's District American Kitchen and Wine Bar. I shall return!p.s.  Also tried a tough pork belly and two Big Azz burger lollipops (one good, the second not so).
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,8/31/2013,2276,947,43,59,50>HAPPY HOUR REVIEW:Imagine you had a long day. And you wanted to relax and indulge in something incredibly scrumptious, delectable, and sinfully good.  Well... Think Sow.  Salty Sow.We were over near the PV Mall and we decided, spur of the moment, to get something nearby. We thought of sushi and a few other places. But then we saw the three golden neon arrows pointing to the front door of the Salty Sow. AMBIANCE/MOOD:The Salty Sow has that nouveau feel to it. The bar is off to the left as you enter, with a large kitchen straight in front of you. You see a lot of wood and interesting lighting (photos). But the feeling is very intimate. Even with other diners nearby, you cannot hear their conversations. The clientele is mixture of millennials and older, with a dozen or so sitting at both the bar and the dinning area. MENU:Like most places in the Valley, the Happy Hour menu is a jumping off point for the  Dinner menu. When you are seated you are given both menus. There seems to be no pressure to order off of one or the other. The focus of the food is all things pork. So if you love bacon, then you have found your Nirvana in this life. LOLAlmost all the items on the Happy Hour menu are $5,00 and you find things like: Triple Fried Duck Fat Fries, Truffled Deviled Eggs, Pork Belly Tacos and Braised Beef Tacos and much, much moreSERVICE:Everything is relaxed and our server Holly was excellent.  Folks stop by and ask about your meal and dishes are bused quicklyFOOD:Okay, the best thing we tried was the HH Fried Chicken that came with a honey glaze and a large sweet potato biscuit (photo).  Even here there was bacon on the underside of the chicken.  It was moist, flavorful and delicious!We also order two tacos which were equally good that came with a fried egg on top (photo).  But you must try the Duck Fat Fries, which were seasoned with herbs and salt.  It also comes with a poached egg yoke on top (photo).  Great stuff.PRICES:Everything at Happy Hour is $5.00 and it ends at 6:30 with the ringing of a cow bell.  Ahh, "we need more cow bells!"  LOL  Our bill came to $37.50 before taxes and gratuities, including two items to go and a soft drink ($2.50).Debbie Downer:Just before the check, we asked our server if we could order two items to go.  We also asked what the up-charge would be.  To our surprise, she said it would be the same price.As we were leaving, the Culinary Manager approached us and said: "We normally don't allow people to order off the Happy Hour menu to go."  As I stamered to say we had checked first with our server, she said: "I'm going to let it go this time, but don't do it again."
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,8/30/2013,320,428,10,6,8>Unlike Jiro I don't always dream of sushi. In fact our infrequent trips usually consist mainly of some safe rolls and some serious tempura.  So when some good friends invited us out to Hana we were expecting of more and the same.  What we got was something that stood from the sea of bland rolls that most of us experience.You have to elbow your way through countless hipsters to find a spot but by the time your first tray of flaming Salmon Sashimi arrives all is forgiven and you are well on your way to one of Phoenix's finest sushi experiences.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,6/20/2013,244,368,5,12,7>We attended the Las Noches de las Luminarias again this year and since I've been away out of the country for the last four months, upon returning I can appreciate more the beauty and serenity of this particular desert botanical garden.  The night was perfect, not too cold, not too hot and there were 12 different musician stations playing throughout the garden.  Amazing part was when you are at each station, you felt like it was its own private concert, with no interference from the other musician stations.A lovely evening of great food and company spent in a lovely atmosphere!
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/19/2013,337,1178,5,16,10>Muy delicioso! Taking up residence where JB's Restaurant used to be years and years ago, I was very excited to see that Los Reyes de la Torta would be expanding to Tempe! This restaurant serves up Mexico City cuisine, with various meaty options, some seafood (Shrimp) dishes, and a few vegetarian meals. We ventured in today, and were greeted with the buzz and bustle of a hectic opening week. The interior is quite spacious, with warm, sunny colors and decor. There were a few people waiting in the front area for to-go orders, but we were seated promptly for sit-down service. Being my first time at a Los Reyes de la Torta location, I had to go with the Man vs. Food, Adam Richmond special: The famous Torta Del Rey ($9.50). I also tried some of the carne asada tacos. We were served chips and salsa to start with. The salsa was thin, with good flavor and spicy heat. The torta was served sliced in half, with a large serving of crinkle-cut potato chips. It was a tall tower of meat, cheese, egg, and vegetables. When eating it, I was reminded of Adam Richmond's assessment of this sandwich on his "Best Sandwich in America" show. When you bite into the sandwich, you taste different layers of flavor and different temperature combinations depending on which section you bite into first (The sandwich is so big it's very hard to actually bite into all the layers at one time). The lower layer consists of a smattering of slow cooked beans and the roasted and breaded meats- the tastiest layer in my opinion! The middle section holds the cheese, scrambled egg, chorizo, and cured meats (Ham and hot dog). While I liked the ham and chorizo in the sandwich, the hot dog tended to overpower the other meats in the torta. The upper layer was the "cool" layer, consisting of sliced avocado and tomato. I enjoyed the combination of cool vegetables with grilled meat. However, I would have liked more of the cool ingredients to balance out all the hot ingredients. The torta itself was nicely grilled, with delicious telera bread.The carne asada tacos were like street tacos. They had a good amount of chopped meat, cilantro, and onion on it, with some lime wedges to add more citrus flavor.For beverages, they have a wide array of drinks to choose from (All non-alcoholic). I tried the horchata ($4), which was a little watery, but tasted freshly made and was pretty refreshing overall.While I'm glad I tried the Torta Del Rey, it's a hefty meal. I'd definitely be interested in trying out more items from this restaurant!
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,6/18/2013,281,171,5,7,5>I've attended several "Adult Educations" at Fort McDowell Adventures. This place knows how to throw a party. A crazy, amazing hang from the ceiling fans sorta party. The staff is genuinely thrilled to host an event, and do a great job of making guests feel welcome on a personal level. The grounds are gorgeous, and so are the event spaces, along with fun things like a RUM BUS and a TEQUILA BUS! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! I'm looking forward to taking a the Jeep tour, or something similar when things warm up a bit. Fort McDowell Adventures is truly one of the gems of The Valley of The Sun, and I always look forward to the next adventure!
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,6/17/2013,73,90,3,5,6>Joe's Real BBQ is one of my favorite places. Comfort food in a comfort environment served by friendly people - just the best.Located in downtown Gilbert, the historic brick building is solid and homey. We try to visit at non-peak hours or on weeknights, but if you show up at dinner time on a Friday or Saturday, you'll be greeted with a long line of patrons waiting for their opportunity to step up to the counter to order some tasty fixins :) Despite appearances, the long line does not usually entail a long wait - their counter service team has the process down to a science and they move people through relatively quickly. The line moves through the dining room with booth style tables to one side and large wooden tables to the other side through the center. Once you reach the front of the line, you make your way past a selection of bottled drinks and up to a soda fountain complete with fresh brewed root beer and home made lemonade (my pick) Grab a tray, napkins, and utensils, then slide on up to the counter. You place your order and move forward while they prepare it. By the time you reach the selection of desserts, your meat and side are landing on the glass top in front of you. I usually go for the BBQ sandwich meal, as it is just enough - 1/4 lb of meat on a bun + 1 side dish. My typical meat of choice is the Chopped Pork, although when I'm trying to be "healthy" (ha!) I also enjoy the extremely moist chicken and turkey offerings as well. As far as side dishes, there's just one choice for me: Cheesy Potatoes. Usually served lukewarm, they're cheesy with just a hint of spice and they're delicious. Now, the desserts ... I really can't walk away without getting one of their freshly baked chocolate chip cookies: the chips are usually still melty and warm. However, their Rootbeer cake is incredibly moist with a unique, yummy flavor and just a hint of frosting, and my husband loves their lemon cake. They also have a to-die-for corn bread served with honey butter, but I often skip it as I'm so carbed up from everything else I've already ordered (darn) Don't forget the barbecue sauce! I am actually aghast to say that the first time I had Joe's, I didn't like it! This was because I had the original barbecue sauce, which I've discovered is just too sweet for me. Once I learned about the spicy habenero barbecue sauce, I was good to go - it is delicious and adds the perfect pop of flavor to my sandwich. If the weather is nice, skip eating in the dining room and head out to the yard outside. There are rows of picnic tables perched beside a large, grassy lawn which is the perfect place for kids to run around and burn off steam while the adults finish up their meals and chat. The area is bordered by a white picket fence which contains the kiddos from the busy street just beyond, so that you can relax while they play. The whole area is crowned with strings of lights that lend a lovely glow as you dine. If the weather is not-so-nice, I usually try to grab a booth on the far side of the room, so I'm not eating amongst the people standing in line. There is also an enclosed patio area which works well as a hybrid of the two dining experiences - I find that it is a bit noisy usually. The restaurant itself is quaint with an obvious Arizona Agriculture theme - my son loves checking out the giant John Deere tractor that holds court at the center of the room, and he often peers longingly into the upcycled fuel pump... now turned into a gumball machine. If you're jonesing for Joe's but don't want to wait in line, consider calling ahead and then picking your order up at the window outside - it is a good way to get your fix :) we've also gotten take out for several get togethers that we have hosted/attended and it really takes the pressure off of having to cook because everyone likes Joe's!
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/16/2013,95,183,3,8,8>So I dropped by Devil's Diner for the 3rd weekend in a row this past weekend. This time, I introduced a friend to their great atmosphere and of course the Corned Beef Hash. His exact words were "this is the best Corned Beef Hash I have ever had", so there is that.One thing I need to remind people is that even during the busiest times, it's just one chef and one server--so don't berate the server for taking some time to attend to you because she basically runs the whole show. Come here in a relaxed mood, take a second to absorb the ambiance of a traditional diner, and watch the chef do his magic. You come here because you DON'T want the traditional breakfast experience experience you'd get at an iHop or Denny's.I actually ran into the owner on my way out and he asked me how my meal was. I told him "it's always been good since the new chef" and he chuckled and said "hey now, don't inflate his ego so much--it's inflated enough already--anytime we get a new Yelp review, he comes in and boasts to me about it".So here's to you, new chef. For consistently providing exceptional service and high quality food (ahem--bring back the high quality tea bags--Lipton sucks), you have earned Devil's Diner a 5 star review.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,6/15/2013,580,212,3,8,7>The fiance and I had planned for a bike ride from Arcadia to Old Town and was searching Yelp for a good happy hour that ran on weekends too. So we came across Rehab Burger Therapy and we were sold since I had been wanting to try this place since its opened. The happy hour is pretty awesome, you can get domestic for $2 and premium beers for $3!! So we got a round of Blue Moons and I tried the Four Peak Peach ale while the fiance got the 8th street. OMG the peach ale was so good! We got hungry and decided to split a burger since we saw a bunch of appetizing looking burgers pass us to other tables. We agreed on trying the hatch chili burger and it was cooked perfectly. They had a lot of interesting sauces like spicy ketchup, teriyaki aoili and chipotle aoili. I smeared chipotle aoili on the burger and it was the perfect compliment to the charred taste of the burger. The fries were okay, we got half regular fries and half sweet potato tots. I will definitely return for more burgers, I am especially interested in trying their hangover burger since I love me some breakfast foods (it has a fried egg and bacon), and of course I'll be back for more happy hours!
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,6/14/2013,752,378,4,9,6>Great place to go for family horseback rides. I  really liked the set up and the ease with which they do paperwork, riding prep etc. They desert in north Scottsdale is beautiful this time aof year and the grounds are lovely for a spring ride. The staff was very helpful , courteous and knowledgeable.  I would go there again in a heart beat.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/13/2013,510,143,3,7,8>My recent meal at Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails is one that I wished could have lasted forever -- and with the abundance of dishes my companion and I were lucky enough to try (thanks, J. Lauren PR), it was a delightful time that still has my mouth watering.And the food isn't the only draw here, though Chef Stephen Jones' ever-changing seasonal menu is worth the trip. My companion noted the spot seemed like one movie character Ron Burgundy would love, with a "stay classy" feel crafted with lots of wooden accents, sports on at the cozy bar, dim lighting, and comfy leather booths that make diners feel like they're in their own private little worlds.The bar and restaurant, nestled into the Hotel Palomar at CityScape in downtown Phoenix, has big city views of the adjoining bustling CityScape atmosphere. The atmosphere is about New York City as you can find downtown, and on a Monday night, there were lots of suits, way more men than women, filing up the bar area. If you're on the prowl for a new guy, head for a cocktail here -- the selection is vast, with stand-out's including the oh-so-refreshing Floradora ($10), with gin, lime, raspberry syrup, soda and ginger; and the French Riviera ($10), with Dolin Blanc, Velvet Falernum, strawberries and club soda. The cocktail menu has a ton of diversity, so there's bound to be something you like.As for the menu, Chef Stephen Jones recently revamped more than half of it, with locally sourced menu items that give all the dishes a refreshing taste. The latest menu is seafood-focused, and my pal tried the Jerk Cured Scottish Salmon with shaved celery, apple and fennel salad and a potato puree ($9 for a small portion). He said the fish was perfectly cooked, and the sweet elements balanced out the dish.I had to try some of my favorite soup, gazpacho, a cup of which came with the perfect fresh veggies garnish to stir into the cold blended soup ($5). I've had my fair share of gazpacho soups in Spain, and this was hands-down one of my favorites. It was thick and rich, which I loved, and perfectly flavored.We also started with the Crows Dairy Goats Milk Yellow Corn Cake ($5-$10, based on portion), which was topped with a red onion jam and marinated spring squash. Everything about this was delightful, from the consistency and buttery flavor of the corn cake, to the perfect jam topping that was a pleasant surprise that worked. The marinated veggies added some savoriness, and I wanted more.I loved that all the dishes are designed for trying, since there are sampler portions of just about everything on the menu. My companion got a small portion of the Lamb Meatballs, with dandelion greens, potatoes, chickpeas, and red onion yogurt ($9). It's got to be one of the most innovative, fanciest dishes you could try at that price.Chef Stephen also sent out an appetizer of Shisito Peppers ($5-$8), which is something I've actually never had before. The peppers were fun to nosh on and were tame enough for anyone's palate.I ordered a plum tomato flatbread, made with house-pulled mozzarella ($12). All the ingredients were stand-out and high-quality, but I've had a flatbread like this at St. Francis. Opt for the more outside-the-box offerings if you go to Blue Hound.Chef Stephen was also kind enough to send out a lemon and fennel sorbet, which was light and refreshing and a perfect meal-ender -- even though I had insisted I was too full for dessert, I couldn't help eating every bit of my portion. The fennel offering was unlike anything I'd ever tasted before -- it was a really interesting flavor that definitely gave the dessert a farm-to-table taste. I'd give the dessert points on uniqueness alone.Not only was it a pleasure to meet Chef Stephen and gobble up his amazing food in a relaxed but classy atmosphere, the service was also impeccable. Like the hotel it's housed in, Blue Hound Kitchen & Cocktails strives to make its customers feel at home, too.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,6/12/2013,493,165,8,13,9>This place is Gangnam,  I love self serve BBQ right in the middle of the table.   Its not easy to find in the corner of a strip mall behind the  Target Center at Peoria and 43 Ave. in Glendale.  I like the table vents to help with the smoke but what can you do at a BBQ place. The place a has a nice quiet atmosphere, i hope to see the place grow as Glendale customers slowly tickle in. I'm a fan of quality food and excellent cooking and Kroyo has my attention.  I like to compare Kalbi beef between places and this place nails it, the dishes are tender and flavorful.  Another treat to having Korean Food is the endless amount of little side dishes.Hope to see more reviews here the place is defiantly is worth the find.  Kevin U.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,6/11/2013,428,432,13,11,10>Defalco's is half sandwich place, half italian grocery, full on tasty tasty italian flavor.I took an Arizona native here because he had never heard of it before (gasp!) even thought I believe it has several locations over Tempe-Scottsdale area. The guy at the counter suggested I try any of the hot sandwiches as they, in his opinion, have more flavor than the cold ones.I ordered a full (also available in half, but really who would ever do that) sub with sausage and peppers. The sausage is made in-house and tasted super fresh. The peppers and onions are soft and well-cooked and the toppings are swimming in a sea of marinara sauce (which is also made in house). Now the real challenge is eating it. Or, eating it without looking like a murder victim in a crime scene. I had marinara sauce in my elbows, ears, nose and any available crevice you can think of get your mind out of the gutter already). Everything came piping hot and it was incredibly filling at around $7. Score.Now on my way out I made the horrible (cough wonderful) mistake of passing by their dessert display and purchased a giant piece of caramel topped NY cheesecake (to go). I was like "Oh ill put it in the fridge and we can all share it tomorrow or something". Lies. When they all left to watch a movie (~3hrs later) I took a fork and starting nomming the creamy, thick, delicious cheesecake from Defalcos. "I'll never finish it" I thought. 30 minutes later I was starring at an empty piece of Styrofoam, with the guilt of the world on my shoulders. Damn was that cheesecake good, but I had a lot of explaining to do when the boys came home.Whatever. It was worth it.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2010,11/21/2010,280,572,9,10,10>Scratch may have the best french toast I've ever had!  With a little caramelization on the edges and served with fresh berries, it was like breakfast and dessert rolled into one. But such a large portion, even I couldn't finish it, and that's sayin' something if you know me.  Definitely enough for two ladies to share.I was a little confused coming in, but if you're eating in, grab a table and they will take your order.  The pastry case seemed a little empty, but we arrived about 15 minutes after they opened.  Still it surprised me they didn't have any croissants ready.  That's when we decided to order off the menu.Since I didn't try a pastry and it is Scratch Pastries, I'm holding the 5th star until I try one.  I'm thinking an eclair is in my future real soon!
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,11/19/2010,752,378,13,14,12>If I were to stop and get a donut here..I am not saying I have, just if I did ..I have to say they remind me of the ones I love from So Cal.  They would I am guessing, have that light greasiness combined with sweetness. Probably they are lightly iced .I bet if I went there I would really like an old fashioned one. Just if I went there.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2009,11/18/2010,690,342,23,17,15>One time, before we became "official," I walked into a UYE at Bomberos and gave Dallas G a high five. That's right, instead of a hug or kiss on the cheek for the man who had graced the sheets of my bed many a times, he gets a high five. It was awkward. Realllllyyyy awkward. I'm so smooth.... So, thank god Bomberos has such a dope wine list and attentive service, because I most definitely needed the Chilean Riesling to take off the edge of that massacre!They have an amazing bruschetta plate, a tasty breakfast wrap, perfectly brewed Illy coffees and they even let me bring in my own cake when it was Chrissy P's surprise party!The patio is amazing whether you want to lounge out on a Sunday morning and read a book on the comfy patio furniture or sit with a romantic date by the fire. I also hear that they have free wifi. Score!Winner!! (Unlike me, who gives awkward high 5's!!!)
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,11/17/2010,398,837,7,11,11>Absolutely love this place!  Came here with a girlfriend of mine for lunch on Saturday, and can't rave about this place enough.  Decor is awesome, very sheik and modern.  Service was awesome, and food was tasty.  They have a great little menu here, and you get good food for a great price.   I went with a parlor burger, and they have a few nontraditonal toppings to choose from.  I cant remember what I got on top, but dang, its good!  Have I mentioned how much I love the decor here?  Service was AWESOME too.  Will return in a heartbeat.
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,11/16/2010,357,399,10,16,14>Thank you Yelp and Lindsey for making my daughter's birthday a special one!!  She loved Beauty and The Beast!  It was our first time to Gammage and I thought it was a lovely theater.  The seats were comfortable and there was plenty of leg room/walking room.  As others have stated there was a slight malfunction with Gaston's microphone.  His mic cut out a few times during the performance and I chalked it up to opening night malfunction.  Sometimes those things can't be helped despite rehersals and checking and double checking electronics.  I have seen theater in San Jose, San Francisco, New York and London.  This production was on par with my other theater experiences.  It was very well done.  The actors were all very good.  The sets and lighting were great along with some nice suprises.  The main thing that struck me was not part of the production though.  We arrived and were directed to a parking garage.  We drove in, parked and walked to the theater just two blocks away.  Once we were seated, it dawned on me that we did not have to pay for parking.  What?  The parking garage just two blocks away does not charge for parking!!!  WOW!!  I will go back to Gammage anytime to see a show.  We had a great night and, most importantly, my daughter enjoyed herself and loved the show!
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,11/15/2010,245,277,9,10,8>I must say I can't believe I have not yet written a review on The Duck yet. As literally one of my favorite places in town one would think it would be at the top of my to do list. Maybe it is my secret desire to keep it a secret, as best as I can, so that it does not turn into a zoo everyday and I can't get my yummy sammies. It is also extremely surprising to me that some have gone to lengths of posting a negative review of The Duck. It seems that in those cases they are wanting The Duck to be something it's clearly not; a mainstream-mass production-delivary running-squeeky clean-just-like-every-there kinda place. If that's what you are looking for then I would suggest going to AJ's, they might be a better fit for you.Duck and Decanter has been around for longer than I have been around. They have won award after award for the best sandwich in town. I am surprised Kanye hasn't busted in on a subway commercial and told Jared that he would let him finish, but Duck and Decanter has the best stuff EVER! It has a homey feel, that makes you almost say (as Jeff L. put it) "Am I still in Phoenix?" They have daily soups and special sandwiches. Their cheese is out of this world, the best provolone I have ever had for sure. They slice all their meat in house and very thin, perfect! I would tell you what sammy is my favorite, but that list would go on way too long. Turkey on a croissant, bree with roasted red peppers and prosciutto, garlic chicken salad, BLT.... The Duck is the perfect spot to have lunch out on the patio on a sunny Saturday or Sunday. They have a musician playing music most of the time and sometimes even have cute little farmers markets and art fests. It is perfectly tucked back in the shopping center with Sports Authority shielding you from the hustle and bustle. There is a fun grass area for pets and children to run around on. They also have some great knickknack shopping available to pa-ruse while you wait for your food. They have all kinds of coffee, tea, dishware, cookware, marinades, candy, drinks, wind chimes, magnets, jewelry, specialty gifts, and so on and so on. You can also call ahead and reorder to avoid the sometimes very long line. Have fun!
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,11/14/2010,193,63,10,11,11>"You know the problem with young women?  They're too much work!"-CowboyThis guy was my hero.  I have never seen a man so happy.  He walked around in his boots, jeans, teal cowboy shirt, and cowboy hat.  This man has figured out was life is about and is quick to show you.  He dances around spinnin' his hat, playin' pool, and wooin' the ladies.  He gives his pearls of wisdom to those that will listen, and leaves the rest alone.  Bartender was fantastic, friendly, and poured a mean Guiness.  The karaokestador (there may be another name for someone who leads karaoke but I can't think of one) was great.  I almost got us all kicked out by droppin the mic after a song but she quickly realized this group was way too much fun for that.  As the night went on she warmed up to us and struggled to let us leave at closing time.  We sang, we laughed, we drank, and we had a great time.  I live fairly close to this place and will likely be back.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/13/2010,100,799,6,15,12>I was sorry to hear the other day that we lost the excellent & unique Afghan Buffet here to new owners who kept the name but changed it to an Indian Buffet.  After all, we have Indian Buffets all over the Valley.Well, that was then, & this is now!Kabab Palace is nice inside, & looks about the same as it did before.  The only significant change is the food.  (OMG, the food!!)  The array of  main food choices is large for an Indian Buffet, about 20 items, & even though I think I've eaten at all of the Southeast Asian buffets in the Valley, about half of what they were serving here today was new to me...  and was it ever good!!Soon after I was seated, lovely "Niece" showed up at my table with piping hot, buttery naan bread, which was great.  Then I went over & got some terrific soup that I forgot to write down the name of, & then on to try many of the other dishes, including Okra Masala, Vegetables Manchurian, Egg Biryani, Lamb Korma, Aloo Tikki, Umpa (supercharged Cream of Wheat!), & much more.What I need to get to is this:  IT WAS HANDS DOWN THE BEST INDIAN FOOD I HAVE EVER EATEN!!     :-))Lunch Buffet 7 Days 11 AM to 3 PM, $9.95.  Vegetarian & Vegan friendly, everything is labeled, the dishes range from mild to spicy, & the service is friendly & attentive.  Regular menu at Dinner, 5:30 to 10 PM.Don't even think about skipping this place!
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,11/12/2010,369,46,8,17,12>Thank You Amy D. If it were not for her, i would not have brought in the new year the best way i now know how to... by doing YOGA! :) the lady at the front desk was amazing ... she was very calm and welcoming... that made me feel more comfortable since i don't ever go anywhere alone... and i had never done yoga ever in my life... two new things in one night... I'm on a roll :) i met Amy D.... she is so nice and welcoming too :) it made things way easier... the instructor was a very nice gentleman... tall with a little ponytail... and an adorable little white chihuahua that stays up at the front of the studio in his kennel during the session.. :) i thought it was cute lol the instructor had such a calming voice and was very easy to follow... meditation is NOT my forte... even though it was relaxing and interesting... i guess i need more practice since half the time i had my eyes open (yes, i had my eyes open during meditation... i know now ... that's a no-no) and was watching everyone else to see what i was doing wrong.. why i couldn't just relax and think about nothing... hmm.. yes definitely need more practice... the bathrooms were very spacious and clean... and i loved the little cubby holes for your shoes and things :) the studio was very calming and clean... and clean makes me calm... lots of space.. and the dimming light action seriously helped in the mood setting... this has been one of the best "new" experiences Ive had yet this year... and i cannot wait for more... Thanks Again Amy...
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/11/2010,708,1493,21,22,18>ALERT!  ALERT!  5 STAR BURGER JOINT! GREAT PRICES! FRIENDLY SERVICE!AM I SHOUTING?!  Oh, sorry. I tend to hit "caps lock" when I have headphones on.I had lunch here with my wonderful wife, my youngest daughter and my friend Donald S (not to be confused with Don S...it has happened).Let me just say I was impressed with my burger and fries.  Cheesy fries.  With bacon. Tender and juicy burger.  Done just right.Donald's Italian beef sandwich looked so good I'll be having that the next time I go to Lobby's, which will be soon.  Maybe dinner today.We did chat with the owner, Lobby.  Nice guy, great local business.  Go here.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/17/2013,507,585,11,14,11>(Lyrics - Michael Jackson - Beat It)They told me I should come around hereYou want to stuff your face of food you best appearThe fire's in their kitchen and I their steak is really rareSo eat it, just eat itYou better eat, you better do what you canDon't want no bread, because you're a nacho manYou wanna be full, better do what you canSo eat it, and you just want to be full!Just eat it, eat it, eat it, eat itEveryone to Barrelhouse and feed itShowin' how hungry strong is your biteIt doesn't matter what you order because it's good and rightJust eat it, eat itJust eat it, eat itJust eat it, eat itJust eat it, eat itBarrelhouse is located in the strip mall Northwest corner of the cross streets.  I say this cause I feel it's such an off beat area to have a place like this there.  Needless to say, Barrelhouse is an artwork inside.  The Decors and design is put together by local Asian inspired artist Mr. Gary Hostallero (hostallero.com).  Gary gives Barrelhouse a warm modern feel with a romantic setting.  Just pass me my wine and let me lounge on the couch and I'm dandy!Tonight, I ordered their Light and Stormy signature cocktail and the Lingonberry Glazed Pork Tenderloin.  F'in Phenomenal!  Gotta keep it PG-13 for the kids, but damn this tenderloin was done just right.  Little bit on the pink side and the tart BBQ glazed was not overly poured on.  Some places just douse it, but nope it was well proportioned at Barrelhouse.  Sweetness and just the right about of bitterness with the greens, while my cocktail was a perfect balance of sweet & sour.  Can I say more besides get your but in here!Service is top notch and the knowledge of their drinks is amazing.  My first magic hat beer here and I'm in love with it.  I have a love/hate personality and most of the time it's LOVE! haha!  Overall, Barrelhouse is worth the trip and $$ cause you definitely have to try if you're ever on the East side of town! - Enjoy!
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,11/16/2013,1070,742,9,18,15>5/31/13Finally stopped in for my first time visit to order takeout.  Since it was my first time, I wanted to check out the menu board overhead, but staring up at menu boards while people are waiting to take my order has never been my cup o' tea, so I looked around for a leaflet to peruse through, instead.  I liked the open layout of the grill and kitchen, as i was able to see the cooks in action.  I read under "Habanero Specialties" a listing for Chiles rellenos, a roasted poblano chile stuffed with jack cheese combo (rice, choice of beans-refried or black, choice of tortillas (corn, wheat, or flour) and pico de gallo for $9, and I'm a cheese-lover, so I had to try this. yelp.com/biz_photos/haba…  Looking around for a meaty meal, I saw under "Parrillada," that I could get a four-meat combo yelp.com/biz_photos/haba… (grilled steak and chicken, chorizo, and carnitas, with rice, choice of beans, choice of tortilla, guacamole, and sour cream for one person, $11, but I also noticed that diners could add shrimp to their meals, so I wondered if the red meats were grilled alongside the shrimp (I'm allergic to shellfish), or perhaps there is a designated area where shrimp are partitioned away from the other meats, and looking past the order-taker's shoulder, I could see that shrimp are indeed cooked on the same grill with the meats.  I told the order-taker that I would like to try some of their barbecue, but I can't if the meats are cooked in the same area as the shrimp, since I have a shrimp allergy, and she fired off a few sentences in Spanish to the cook, who replied with a few sentences of his own, after which she turned to me and said that my meats would be prepared in a separate pan.  Sweet!!While my orders were cooking, I surveyed the place and observed that while the resto is small, it didn't FEEL small, because of all the flourishes that gave the place a bigger presence (wooden furnishings and counters, a mini-bar with a handful of Mexican beer pumps, a small fridge stocked with bottles of Mexican beer if you don't want to order drafts, a counter in front of the grills where you may dine, or sit and sip on a pint of beer while you wait for your takeout (which is what one guy did while I paid for my order and waited it out on one of the dining tables).  There's even patio seating, should you choose to dine alfresco, or if you don't want to leave the restaurant smelling like you spent all day cooking in the kitchen!Both dishes were muy delicioso!  Since I had two entrees, I decided to try both bean choices (refried and black), as well as two tortilla choices (wheat and flour), and they were all very good!  The black beans were soft and tender- I was expecting something like biting into boiled lima or kidney beans, but the black beans were softer, more akin to firm, spring peas (not mushy!).  I also appreciated that both bean choices weren't very salty and tasted freshly-prepared and sprinkled with cotija cheese, not from cans and doctored over the stove.  The chile relleno batter tasted decidedly eggy, which I did not mind, but if you don't like your foods eggy, then you might want to stay away from this dish.  I usually try to avoid tomatoes (inflammatory), but the pico de gallo smelled so bright and flavorful that I couldn't resist, and I'm glad I didn't, for it complemented the cheesy relleno perfectly!  As for the barbecue meats, I liked them all, even the spicy chorizo!  I'd say the grilled steak was my fave, followed by the diabolical chorizo, which also came with similarly-seasoned, grilled cubed potatoes.  (I didn't mind the spice level of the chorizo while the meal was fresh, but I noticed that it tasted too salty and too spicy for me to tolerate subsequent leftover meals- strange, that.)  While I enjoyed the grilled chicken (I try to avoid anything corn-based, since I'm allergic to corn, and yes, that would also include eggs... one or two in a batter is OK for me on most days), I wondered if I could order my next barbecue combo sans chicken and with more grilled steak, instead?  Doesn't hurt to ask...I returned the next night for another installment, since Mom finished the chile relleno leftovers soon after I arrived home with them.  Would love to go back and dine-in one of these days, and perhaps enjoy a complementing beverage and dessert with my meal!  :)  Mmm... happy hour menu sounds delightful, too!habaneros.mx/Happy_Hour.…
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/15/2013,218,107,5,12,12>In all honesty, this place is everything a coffee shop should be: comfortable, friendly, delicious drinks, an artsy hole-in-the-wall vibe...etc. It has become my go-to coffee shop for so many reasons. Whenever I'm too lazy/late to make coffee at home, I leave it up to the staff at CS to start my day off right. OR If I know that my own coffee pot won't do the trick on any given day, this is where I go. The staff is unbelievably friendly, the coffee is made to the T, and their baked goods are always deliciously satisfying (not to mention, vegan-friendly if you're into that). Copper Star pays close attention to the quality of service and goods they provide, which is hard to ignore. There's more than one reason why I keep coming back here, and when you give this place a shot you'll see why.Overall, Copper Star owns the coffee biz West of Central. There's no reason to go anywhere else.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,11/14/2013,285,121,19,18,16>Have you ever eaten somewhere and it was just so amazing and unique and awesome that you seriously thought about it, daily, until you could go again?  That was my experience with Miu's.  Literally the first thing that was brought to our table, the Dan Dan Noodle, was one of the BEST things I've ever eaten so it alone made me pretty much a convert. I was never a huge fan of chinese food in general so now I'm 100% positive I'll never have chinese anywhere else again. Because even though I'm not a fan of traditional american chinese food, I am a HUGE FAN of Miu's.The second time I went with my Mom we had the Dan Dan and the Spicy Cucumbers.  FREAKING INCREDIBLE.  I don't know where they get their cucumbers. I don't care if it's a hydroponics lab located in that shady backroom they have, KEEP DOING IT.  The third time I went I had the Dan Dan Noodles, the Spicy Cucumbers, AND the Garlic Cucumbers, because that is how much I liked the Spicy Cucumbers, I wouldn't risk not getting it even if it meant just substituting another cucumber dish. Luckily, the garlic cucumbers were effing incredible as well (probably grown in the same lab). For entrees I've had the Spicy Lamb Ribs, Chicken and Jalapeno (these are both similar in preparation and both amazing but VERY spicy. Like a delightful challenge), and the Kung Pao Chicken. The Kung Pao is probably the only thing I wouldn't get again, just because while I'm sure their food quality and preparation standards are much higher than, say, Little Schezwan down the street, I can still get Kung Pao at Little Schezwan.  I cannot get spicy lamb ribs that make me want to cry from both heat and sheer pleasure at same time.  So I'll stick to the dishes that I don't recognize at Miu's.I will tell you that despite all my ravings about the food, I was A LITTLE hesitant of the 5th star due to the space. Yes I realize this is a chinese hole in the wall,  and trust me I do not normally deduct stars for places due to aesthetics (See: The Great Escape, Haji Baba, Sammy's Roumanian Steakhouse) but there are some easily fixable things that can make the place a little more inviting.  Honestly this isn't an issue for me so much as I know it is for others (I once stayed at a sushi place despite seeing a cockroach because they gave me free sake bombers), but I swear to god if Miu's shuts down because too many people judge a book by its cover I will probably be depressed for like at least a week, so I hope they do make some improvements in that area.  I hate restaurant loss induced depression.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,11/13/2013,455,177,12,13,12>I kind of have a huge crush on Angel Trumpet Ale House! If you don't like noise. Try it on a Sunday afternoon. If you do like noise... Come any other time! The food here is meh... I don't think the burgers are anything to rave about. The Mess fries are yum! But let me tell you... You should try the PB&J with marshmallow fluff. My son ordered one off the kids menu and it was enormous! He didn't finish which meant Don and I got to try some of it. Amazing! Maybe beyond amazing... Life changing maybe. They make the peanut butter in house and the jelly has some spice to it which I love. And the marshmallow fluff just sends it over the top. I tried to replicate this PB&J at home unsuccessfully. My son will not let me attempt it again. On to the real good stuff. The BEERS! They have an amazing selection of craft beers from all over. They always have some amazing IPAs and double/imperial IPAs on the beer wall. Always with the different styles of lots of high gravity beers. Totally worth it if you like trying different beers without getting drunk. You can get flights of six different beers for about seven bucks. Don't forget to check out the seasonal menu with specials like on Sundays you can get a pitcher of a local brew for six dollars. Pretty smoking deal if you ask me. Definitely a place I enjoy and will be returning very very soon!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,11/12/2013,244,207,6,8,8>What a fabulously fun patio!  We had such a great time drinking, eating, and enjoying the people watching (a GOAT! Someone seriously brought their pet goat.), that it was hard to leave.  We shared the Green Chili Pork Tacos and I am OBSESSED with them.  Absolutely to die for.  They came with a slaw that really complemented the spice and gave them nice texture.  We also had the Chicken BBQ flatbread pizza.  Tasty, but the tacos remained the star of the meal.  The hummus was another good choice that our friends shared with us.  I had a couple of the 48th Street Fizz cocktails - they were strong and absolutely delicious.This is a great place to hang out with friends and grab a bite to eat that is above your typical bar food fare.  It can be a bit of a scene, but that is part of the fun when it comes to people-watching, right?!
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/11/2013,228,749,9,9,9>Ok.  I am hooked on this place.  First I was like WHAT?  Eat at a smoothie place.  They serve FOOD?  The flatbreads looked so good.  I ordered the chicken pesto flatbread.  The flatbread is soft and grilled to be slight crispy at the edges.  And chicken, parmesan cheese, and pesto was super flavorful.  I had to get it again the next week.  he he he...  I got the Hawaiian Breeze smoothie the first time.  SO GOOD.  I had to try other flavors... This time I got the Kiwi Quencher smoothie.  YUM.  Keep in mind the smoothies are lowfat!
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,11/10/2013,238,88,3,5,5>Hot pink hummus? Now you're speaking my language. This place is like a delicious choose your own Mediterranean flavor adventure. You can get a pita, salad or bowl and fix it up the way you want- sort of like Chipotle or Cafe Rio. Everything I tried was outstanding. I had two kinds of hummus- beet and cilantro. The star for me was beet. It was slightly sweet and so pretty on the plate- neon pink!The chicken was tender and flavorful and the bowl had saffron rice which was also a delight. The tzatziki sauce had a slight spicy kick which I've never had, but ended up really enjoying as well. The owner was working the counter and he was so nice. I really hope this place does well. I'll be back for sure!!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,11/9/2013,95,61,5,6,5>Sno Balls are NOT Snow Cones!I learned this first hand straight from the source on my most recent visit to The Big Easy, and though the gentleman running this shop is not from NOLA, you would never know it. He's got the ice making down to an art, and it shows. These cold treats are AMAZE-BALLS and make for the perfect snack on a hot PHX day. Even on a cold day...just yum. I was really into the egg custard, along with every other delicious concoction he twisted my arm into trying (har-har) Even after tons of sampling, we hung around the tiny shop just to socialize, as he was quite the conversationalist.Definitely of huge fan of businesses that go the extra mile to put a smile on their customers faces and and am determined to return again and again to try every last combination he's come up with. They can't allll be OUTRAGEOUSLY delicious...can they?Be careful not to miss it when you drive by. I've probably done so at least a thousand times without realizing. However, after having tried the infamous ice, will never be able to make that mistake again:)
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,11/8/2013,643,475,15,18,14>It's been a couple of years since I last reviewed this place. Thankfully, Asian Island is still standing tall and cooking up delicious and fresh food at a great value. The chefs are very talented as they wok and roll cooking up their culinary masterpieces.They have free delivery which I have used on occasion, especially when the Blackhawks were making their most recent Stanley Cup run. No way was I tearing myself away from the game. But I usually drop by to eat at the restaurant. The families that run this place are really friendly and care if you have a satisfying meal. If you want more bell peppers and less onions, no problem. So don't be afraid to speak up for substitutions or if you're not digging your entree. And of course, they are appreciative of positive feedback as well. As a side note, one Yelper mentioned that there was a lack of protein in his Mongolian Beef, I find that hard to believe. I actually ask for less meat for my signature dish of  Mongolian Beef and get a bunch of broccoli added.  All dishes are served with ample amount of food. Some other favorites include the Orange Chicken, Egg Drop Soup, Chicken Lo Mein, Shrimp Lo Mein and Happy Family. I'm not a Sushi eater so I can't attest to that part of the menu. But I have seen a lot of Sushi orders in the dining room. These guys don't have the name recognition of a couple of other Asian restaurants in the general area, but they are truly the tastiest option. Believe me, I have tried them all.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,9/30/2008,362,221,21,18,16>So the parental units call me up on Sunday and ask me if I want to meet them at this place they love called Spinato's. The catch, I have to meet them in a 1/2 hour coming from Scottsdale. Normally this wouldn't be a big issue, but I took lounging to a whole new level on Sunday, and I was looking pretty bedraggled. I quickly looked up Spinato's on Yelp, since my parents have been known to be hit or miss on some eateries. All great reviews, which made me really want to try it. The lure of a free dinner, (and seeing my mom) put my unshowered butt in gear! So I hopped in the car 15 minutes later looking slightly scary. Unfortunately, I couldn't wear a hat inside the restaurant, or I would have. Turns out it didn't really matter what I looked like anyway. At 5 PM on Sunday the crowd was right out of Cocoon, before they got in that pool! One lady even had her oxygen tank with her. I found myself wishing I could try it. I kept wondering if I breathed in that oxygen for a while, would I get some kind of wonderful, natural high???The place was packed, and it turns out those geriatrics really know their stuff. The food was great!We did the whole dinner family style. The antipasto salad with spinach was amazingly perfect, really the best I've ever had.  The garlic bread was deliciously, warm, garlicky, and crunchy all at once. The marinara sauce to dip it is was slightly sweet, but not in an obnoxious way. It was just the right counter balance to the garlic.The pizza itself was decent, not great, but decent. This is probably because I prefer thinner crust, and minimal cheese on the pizza, such as Grimaldi's, but that didn't keep me from eating it. It didn't keep me from having it for lunch the next day either! I will definitely be back for the antipasto salad with spinach & the garlic bread. I need to cut back on the pizza anyway. Oh, and the service was amazing. I don't even think we had one wait person. Anybody you asked for something immediately brought it to you! Seriously, nothing phased them. Love it, and hopefully I'll be back soon!
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2008,9/29/2008,736,547,8,14,14>Happy Hour review:I was skimming through Christine O's review and elated to see "happy hour every day from 4pm-6pm and reverse happy hour from 9pm-close....all appetizers are half off and mojitos, house chardonnay/cabernet, and all beers on tap are only $3"  Thinking to myself that it sounded great and the rest of the reviews were awesome I decided to try it out this weekend. The plan was to meet my girlfriend there about 4:00, but after traffic from the game and the roads being tore up from the light rail we arrived about 5:15.. Parking was ok but finding the actual restaurant was a little confusing, point being if you've never been here before allow yourself some extra time.. The appetizers were excellent, they normally range from $8-$27, and at 50% off you can't beat the price so we indulged. We tried the teriyaki tenderloin (served with ginger and rice), the blue cheese and bacon chips that was drizzled in chipotle cream sauce and the scallop lollipops. The portions were generous and I can't wait to go back and try the calamari and the artichoke crab dip. Wash that down with $3 mojitos and you have yourself a very happy -  happy hour!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2008,9/28/2008,151,182,27,15,21>==A Slice Of You==A romantic comedy by Jetta(The dimly lit pavement of a strip mall parking lot. JETTA, a glamazon in her early twenties, stares longingly into the night. An alluring ingenue with a dark and questionable past, she shivers in 90 degree night, tears forming in her eyes. Behind her is PIZZA PATRON, a tall, fedora-wearing gentleman. He sports a mustache that doesn't play by the rules. JETTA knows he is behind her.)JETTAI'm sorry. I just can't.PIZZA PATRONWhy can't you let me love you, Jetta?JETTABecause there's nothing left of me to love. I've been burned before. Lured by promises of reasonably priced large one-toppings and hearty, flavorful hot wings. Only to be given hot plates of garbage and crunchy and disturbingly misshapen wings of what I can imagine were once, long before growth hormones, in fact chickens. I don't known if I can trust you.PIZZA PATRONBut I'm not like the others.JETTAThey all say that. I like you, PP. I like your logo depicting a Federale whose about to cut me open and empty my stomach of all that cocaine I spent all morning stuffing in. I like how you scream "PIZZA PATRON!" at the top of your lungs to me whenever I step in the store. I like your queso sticks and chorizo-topped pizza. I even like how you accept pesos in lieu of dollars, no matter how many shithead right-wingers boycott and protest your storefront. Don't you see? I like you. If I open my heart to you, I could risk hating you. Can't we just settle for "like"?PIZZA PATRONWhat would be the point? Why offer a 4.99 large one-topping if the box isn't going to litter your living room floor. Why offer lime and pepper-flavored chicken wings if I can't know that somewhere, it's you're lips sucking the meat off the bone? Don't you see, Jetta? Without you taking advantage of my ridiculously underpriced food, there'd be no reason to make it in the first place. I don't know how else to say this--JETTAShhh. You had me at "$4.99 one topping". (The two embrace. Music plays dramatically in the background.)Somebody put a stop to me. Please.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,9/27/2008,16,90,5,8,7>How have I not reviewed sweet, sweet Carolina's?This place is a dump in the best possible way.  If you've never been here, you're likely to grimace upon arrival.  Sure, the neighborhood is rough, but the real shocker is how dirty this place looks, inside and out.Why 5 stars, then?  At Carolina's, it's all about the food.  The tortillas are, as already stated, to die for.  They're soft, yet strong.  Your burrito probably won't be exploding all over itself mid-meal.I'm a huge fan of the Oaxaca Burrito, which contains generous helpings of chorizo, potato, and other delicious goodies.  The machaca is also very good.Back to the dump factor (that sounded gross, sorry).  Normally I am easily creeped out by restaurant filth, but not here.  Carolina's reminds me of Christmas Eve parties at my Nana's.  Everyone sitting at shoddy tables in a little room, eating delicious food.  The only thing missing is the mariachi.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/26/2008,13,18,12,11,10>Thank god for Ted's Hot Dogs!  There is nothing better in life than a charbroiled hot dog with tasty onion rings and a soda.  My cohorts at work turned me onto Ted's and I kept it secret from my wife.  Yes, I'm that cruel.  Then one Sunday morning we were watching one of those Top 10 Hot Dog shows on the Food Network or Travel Channel.  She said to me, "I wish we could have a great hot dog today."  I broke down and wept, confessing my multiple sins of all the times I tip toed to Ted's to enjoy a chili footlong dog and an all beef dog with the works. She, loving me, immediately hit me a couple of times about the head, and said "Get dressed bitch - lunch is on you."  Now, if you ever meet Marie, you'll come to know that she is sweet and understanding, but on that day, I found one of her few limits.  Needless to say, we had a great experience at Ted's that Sunday.REMEMBER:  They only take cash.  No debit cards, no credit cards, no bartering.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2008,9/25/2008,171,163,5,39,42>I'm sure this place is a great hike. However, I've only been to this mountain for the Lori Piestewa Memorial Services. And that is what this review is about.I remember what it was like when Lori Piestewa was declared a prisoner or war and how my family got calls from Hopi inlaws asking us to pray in our way for her safe return. There were many things online, in our newspapers and on tv - we were so afraid. And then the inevitable came, the news we didn't want to hear.I don't know if any of ya'll know this, but Tuba City and the Hopi Nation are small places. Both are tight knit communities where everyone knows one another. And the devistation felt by her loss was incredible. I remember a cousin of mine recalled it as "you could hear the cries in the streets". Every Native in the country probably went to bed hungry that night in honor of her.And as for the name Squaw. I always knew it was bad. It was something you never said,  you never needed to say it. It was always something terrible. Once when I asked my grandfather what it meant he said "a terrible, terrible woman who's unfit to get married." I later learned that it meant, to his tribe, a women who was raped as a child and was deemed no longer fit to bear children. That was the interrpretation I grew up with and that is how I equate it today. I know of the mainstream meaning of that word, as a derogitory term for a vagina. But know that different tribes view it differently. but all meanings are terrible.I've only been called a squaw once. and unfortunatly, that person knew what it meant and used it in that context. And inspite of my education, eloquence and empathy - I was nothing but a mere squaw to this person and to this state and so was it's mountian. And I gotta admit, it stung a little to hear Squaw Peak Freeway or Squaw Peak used so... lightly. It was a wonderful day to hear Governor Napalitano decide to change the name to honor Lori Piestewa. I found it ironic and fitting. An elder once said, "Jessica may have gotten a movie, but Lori got a mountain!" And though she lost her life fighting for the freedoms of all Americans, she won a major battle in the war against using hurtful names from Indian Country's past to casually name things such as: mountains, sports teams, etc.This little indian girl who cried when she heard that Woman Warrior died is now a young woman who does what she can to push for change in America - and a big part of what inspires me and other women of color (not just natives) was the renaming of this mountain. This Peak is more than just a place for a great hike, it's the beginning of a movement. I have never forgotten that everytime I've traveled to it's base to honor the woman who inspired the change. And I know this woman, where ever she is, smiles down knowing her daughter doesn't have to live in the same world where she once did - where Native women were constantly being cursed at when asked for directions. Where signs all over a city sliced through you like knives. Where you'd try not to whince whenever a non-native on TV spoke about the traffic. It's a wonderful world, I only wish Lori could see it.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2008,9/23/2008,18,28,8,11,8>Have you gone to Cosmic Bowling???   Flashing lights, great music, and competitive sport!  You really need to arrive at about 8:30.   You will be given a "beeper" for getting a lane at 10PM.    If you get there much later you will be out of luck for Cosmic bowling.   It fills up fast.  While you wait, you can play pool, games, have a drink, and eat.  I think this is best with a group of friends.   is it possible to say you are getting exercise while you are drinking??   A good idea is to take a cab or have a designated driver.   I did notice a police car sitting in the parking lot when the bowling ended.    DUI can change your life... and not in a good way.I would say the only downfall is how much you can spend.   Two of us spent over $60 without eating and a pitcher of beer.   It really is fun.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2007,9/21/2008,22,24,5,8,7>I got a call from a friend the other night that a new sushi bar had opened across from her  local laundromat. Not knowing exactly what to expect from a sushi bar called "SakeBomber" I diligently made my way down to Tempe to check this place out, hoping to find another great sushi happy hour (which runs Monday through Friday 5-7 p.m. as I write this review).I definitely got the nightclub vibe from SakeBomber. It was low lit with colored lights lighting the bar, there were flat screen TV showing sports and hip-hop music playing just slightly too loud (perhaps they're taking a page from the Ra play book).There was no wait for a table during the Wednesday night happy hour. I ordered edamame, a crispy california roll and a spicy salmon roll. My friend got a spicy tuna roll and a crispy eel roll. While we didn't do any SakeBombs (hey, you wanted a legible coherent review right?) we did enjoy some $1 warm sake.I'd love to write you something more descriptive here... but all I can really come up with is that "the sushi was pretty good." I enjoyed it, but it didn't knock me off my feet (although the spicy salmon was actually spicy, a nice change from most other places I've tried in the valley). The rolls were slightly larger than what gets served at Sushi 101 (what I would classify as SakeBomber's most direct competition). The only problem I have with this is that it gets difficult to get the entire roll in your mouth in one try.After reading everything above, you might be thinking to yourself, "Why the heck did he give this place four stars?" Price. Although this wasn't the best sushi in the world and I personally didn't care for the atmosphere, as I write this, the happy hour menu is probably the most reasonably priced I've found. Edamame and two rolls during happy hour  was only $11.I'm definitely going back to SakeBomber... not only do I want to try some things on the non-happy hour menu that looked enticing, continuing to go at happy hour will hopefully keep the sushi monkey on my back from continuing to eat a hole in my pocket.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,9/20/2008,22,66,,8,8>I just had lunch here for the first time in months. Man, i've missed it. I can't speak for authenticity, never having been to Iraq or anywhere else in the middle east, but I can speak for flavor. Yum. In the many months since our discovery of this great little joint, we have worked our way through a good portion of the menu. We take friends and family to Fattoush, and no one has been disappointed yet. (except for the time they were closed due to a kitchen fire- that was pretty disappointing!)Norma R. is right- there really isn't much atmosphere, so don't expect a romantic meal here. It's a no frills place, with friendly service and great food.  What more do you need? Things like falafel, hummus and baba ghanoush rank high on my list of favorite foods, so this place is an automatic win for me. The flavors are incredible, particularly the smoky baba ghanoush and the tangy garlic dip. I could eat that stuff with a spoon. The falafel is the closest thing to garbanzo bean perfection that I have ever tasted. The meat dishes, such as chicken shawarma and various kabobs, are all flavorful and fantastic. Served with rice and another side depending on what you order, these plates will fill you up and send you home happy. For the light eaters, their pita sandwiches are fantastic and cheap. They'll cost you between $4-6, but they are huge and stuffed to the max. All entrees (sandwiches too!) come with either salad or the fantastic lentil soup. Skip the salad. The soup is too good to ignore.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2008,9/19/2008,708,1493,15,11,8>Whoa!  That's allot of meat!I stopped here for a quick lunch.  I had the Gyro combo.  Everything tasted just as expected.  It's funny how you can get a Gyro at some little place in Anycity, USA and it will taste almost exactly the same.  Sort of the Greek equivalent of the Big Mac.  There must be only one supplier for the Gyro loaf that they all use.What I would have liked from Athen's was 50% less meat and 100% more onion, tomato and dressing.  I left them a Yelp card so hopefully they will read the review.  My Gyro had easily enough meat for 2 sandwiches.  I was tossing off meat.Did I just say tossing off meat?
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/24/2014,244,368,7,13,12>I can't believe I've never stopped in here to have lunch before. This restaurant is family owned, laid back, and the owner personally serves you. But let's talk about the food. I ordered the chicken pita for $7.95 and when my friend told me the portion was generous- she was not kidding!  We shared the entree and there was still enough left over for me to take home for another meal!  The chicken breast cubed were tender and full of flavor. Look at the photos- you will not be disappointed by the food served here. And the lunch specials come with a side salad and a drink. All for $7.95!  I will definitely be back again. And again and again!  Hidden gem!!!
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,8/23/2014,744,637,3,8,8>You get a complimentary coffee with a yelp check-in. Might as well take advantage. This offer actually helped bumped up their rating.  I ordered a vegetarian omelette with avocado, black olives and tomatoes. They also have vegan options, so you can substitute your eggs for tofu. This restaurant used to be two hippies, and it's now called Melrose Kitchen. I don't know if it's now under new management because they can now accept credit cards. Breakfast was decent, inexpensive and the service was good. I still do not like the decor, but at least it's not as cluttered as two Hippies, and they can now accept plastics. Much more convenient.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,8/22/2014,153,70,9,15,10>My brother, boyfriend, and I visited Nogales Hot Dogs for the first time last night. It wasn't hard to find because I previously read Brittanie's review about it being a food truck and not an actual shop. For three Sonoran dogs and three sodas the total was $13.50. The man and woman who run the stand were both very friendly. Everything on the dog: A bacon wrapped hot dog, mayo, tomatoes, onions, and beans, all on a soft bun. Guacamole, green salsa, mushrooms, and two types of cheeses were also given to us in Dixie cups. I also loved having a Coke from a glass bottle. I wanted to order another Sonoran dog as soon as I was finished but I restrained myself. Overall experience? YUM, YUM, AND YUM! Five stars all the way. I will be returning in the near future.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,8/21/2014,455,177,11,13,10>Anyone who knows me, knows the dale ain't really my scene. Some would try to argue that I secretly love Scottsdale and I really spend more time there than I let on. To be honest there are a handful of places in old town that I would like to try. There are major quality eateries that I have to visit and tons more bars to crash. But ain't nobody got time for that! Coach House, of all the bars in all of Scottsdale suites me just fine, however. It's a dive and I'm a divey kinda señorita. I like cheap drinks and friendly fellow bar goers. This place has both! What's not to like? Also this place gets more lit than I do around the holidays! That's saying a lot. This bar ultimately reminds me of a cheers bar and I love that. Everyone is chill, no high strung, drunk, fake boob, bottle blondes, (not that there's anything wrong with that) like you will typically find in the old town bars, and only a few woo girls, HA. Mostly just people hanging out and chatting it up!I'll definitely be back for some drinkin here, next time ya find me in the dale. Cheers!
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,8/20/2014,157,292,9,9,11>What a unique gem of a restaurant!  I love that this place serves foods and drinks that are totally out of the norm for the Phoenix area.  I had never had Scandinavian food prior to this (unless you count the IKEA cafeteria? which, no, you probably don't count that) and I was excited to try something new.Being new to this cuisine, I decided to try the Scandinavian sampler plate for $20 so I could get a little taste of everything.  It comes with 3 meats, 1 side, and 3 salads.  I liked the cured salmon, but it was a little strange to have it just by itself since it was so salty. I felt it needed some bland potatoes or bread to balance it out.  The meatballs were my favorite meat.  The plate also came with gnocchi, which was my favorite part of the meal!  Comfort food at its best.My least favorite part of the meal was the beet salad.  From the pictures in the menu I thought the beet salad would just be big chunks of beets with a sprinkling of cheese.  What came out was little chunks of beets mixed in with a cream (maybe mayo?).  I don't really care for mayo and the "salad" ended up being hot pink, which I know is due to the beet color but was just a little off-putting for my tastes.My dining companion got the elk stew, which I tried a bite of.  It was really yummy and filling.  His dish also came with a tomato salad that was incredibly good!  I don't know where they get their tomatoes, but they are so flavorful and not like the lame bland tomatoes you get at the grocery store.I will definitely be back again to try out some new dishes AND to try their desserts -- which looked HUGE and yummy.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/19/2014,421,233,10,11,10>Seafood enchiladas in North Scottsdale? Say yes and don't look back! The Enchilada de Mariscos here is comprised of seared shrimp, blue crab, cheddar and monterey jack cheeses, rice and orange pico. And, it's 100% delicious. Be sure to order the guacamole appetizer too. The chips are addicting. Maybe the reason why the location is so far from town is so that you have time to digest on the car ride home. With the 2014 Opentable Diner's Choice award, you can't go wrong.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,8/18/2014,2276,947,31,44,40>I have never fully appreciated nouveau cuisine. It has always left me a little hungry and a few Benjamins short. LOL Our introduction to Cantina Laredo was somewhat inauspicious, since they misplaced our reservations on a busy Friday night.  We also had the same experience with the hostesses that fellow Yelp'er Teehee wrote about.  But in end, we had a nice evening, with our bill coming in at the low end.  After the confusion and a five minute wait, we were seated near the patio. It was a nice location and we had the added bonus of observing a pre-wedding family dinner of eighteen. Cantina Laredo likes to market itself as serving "modern Mexican food in a sophisticated, vibrant atmosphere. ... with a Mexico City style menu."  I believe it's more Mexican petite nouveau cuisine. We started off with a delivery of chips and two types of salsa. The milder version had a nice tomato base. But it was the spicier one, with fire roasted peppers that was the standout. It was complex and so delicious, that you could have eaten it with a spoon. Next was their table-side guacamole making called Top Shelf for $9.99. It was an exquisite. Now I make this all the time at home, yet it always seems tastier when someone else is doing it. LOLSomewhere along the way our white honey sangria was dropped off. It was very good and fairly priced served in large 12 oz flute glass. Nice!For dinner we decided to share two entrees. One was their Vera Cruz Enchiladas (photo), which was a nice mixture of spinach and chicken for $13.99; and the other was the Carnitas Tacos for $13.79.  The enchiladas had a nice flavor and kick. Both were very good, with the street tacos seeming deceptively small. The bill came to about $30 a person including drinks, but before taxes and gratuities. So Four Stars, and yes we are Fans of Cantina Laredo. While eating here might not get you a doggie bag for later, you will go home feeling as though you've enjoyed something special.  Remember to make reservations like we did! LOL
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/17/2014,376,146,12,17,16>Nothin like some bbq after a workout huh? lol. My friend recommended this place and wanted to try it out. So we had no idea what to get. We ended up sharing a 3 meat platter. Which was a bit much for two of us. We didn't even finish it. lol. We ordered the brisket, pulled pork and chicken, with a side of the creamed corn and Mac & Cheese. So my favorite was probably the pulled pork. This thing was amazing. & the sauce that they have will blow you away. Try the hot and sweet sauce that they have! The mac and cheese was also reallyyyyy delicious. I wasn't too fond of the chicken because I thought it was a bit dry. I definitely want to come back for happy hour! Those bbq nachos look bomb! The customer service was spectacular. I wish I remembered our server's name because he was super friendly and helpful with the menu. Very knowledgeable and always made sure we got everything we needed. I'll be back for more! =)
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/16/2014,218,107,4,12,9>I don't go to libraries much, but I came here a few months ago to study for my boards. I've never enjoyed a library experience that much. The place is huge and very well kept up. Very knowledgeable and helpful staff. I had to move because my spot was blown up by a bunch of hobos, but I didn't let that dampen my study time.Overall, if you're in need of a study space in Central Phoenix, this is the place for you.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/15/2014,339,291,5,8,5>This venue is so incredibly cute, especially at night! Its right next to the Grayhawk golf course and has quite the "upscale" feel to it, even though it is a smaller location and very affordable.  This is the perfect place for date night, yet, if youre coming in on the weekend, I would suggest making a reservation. I like the menu style with the "farm to table" feel. The menu has a "healthier" look to it, but you dont sacrifice flavor thats forsure. When I went... I ordered the Smoked Gouda Mac and cheese with garlic breadcrumbs...(NEED I SAY MORE!?) and Thai style ribs that just fell off the bone. These really were the best ribs I've ever had, with a different flavor which was refreshing. I've had good BBQ ribs before, but this was a whole different twist. I would definitely recommend it. They have an outdoor patio and sometimes play live acoustic music... not quite sure when though, I forgot which weekdays. I've only been here for the dinners, but I would love to come back for their breakfast... also heard they have an amazing brunch on sundays.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,4/5/2009,197,182,12,20,21>"It's not about where you've been...it's about where you're at." - Eric B & RakimSaturday night was the 4 year anniversary of "the Shop". if you dont know what the shop is, well the Shop is basicly a pseudo club on the left side of the Hidden House. it is in the now extinct bruno mali restaurant. which from what i've been told went extinct after the shop was having success and the bars owners felt it was a better investment to just close the restaurant and just serve food to the Hidden House Patrons..i think it was a successful gamble.the shop has been under the wing of DJ Al Page who has been hand picking DJ's to play classic Hip-Hop , Underground, Funk, Soul, R&B, Dancehall, Raggae, and Neo Soul.Al Page has managed to keep the party going Friday, Saturday  9pm till close. i hear stuff is usually poppin on Sunday and Monday nights too.. you can expect to hear music from Atmosphere, Beastie Boys, RUN DMC, Pharcyde, Black Sheep, Lifesavas, Lyrics Born, A Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul, Blackalicious, KRS-1, DJ Shadow, Pharoahe Monch, Common, The Roots, Jigmastas, Wu Tang, Dilated Peoples, Jurrasic 5, Aesop Rock, Del the Funky Homosapien, Moka Only, Brother Ali, Hieroglyphics, Brand Numian, Slum Village, Immortal Technique, Quannum Spectrum, Handsome Boy Modeling school, Diverse, RJD2, Eyedea & Abilities, Pigeon John, Black Michael Jackson, Dan the Automater, the Beatnuts, Buck 65, the Procussions, Public Enemy, Cunninlynguists, Outkast, Nextmen, Anti-Pop Consortium, Mos Def, Marvin Gaye, Prince Paul, Erykah Badu, Prince, Al Green, Bob Marley, Afu-Ra, Soul Position, DJ Numark, Portishead, Soul 2 Soul, ODB, Biz Markie, Malcolm Mclaren, Art of Noise, Digable Planets, Just Ice, Afrika Bambata & Soul Sonic Force, Grandmaster Flash & The Furious Five, Mantronix, 3rd Bass, Whodini, Biggie Smalls, Jeru the Damaja, Craig Mack, Sugar Hill Gang, Stevie Wonder, Old LL Cool J, Funkadelic, Parliament....and similar shit.cover charge is usually 5 bucks and it's a cash only bar on the Shop side. but seriously its worth it. the drinks are cheap and the beats are sick.i took a break from the shop as a long time regular..but i figured i would come in and check out the 4 year anniversary party and the place was jumping from 9 till close. got smashed drunk on 20 bucks.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,4/4/2009,690,342,25,12,17>i sit here at the rogue west, this very moment, sipping on a $5 a raspberry vodka tonic (they didn't have my regular watermelon) with one thought: I wish I were actually cool enough to be in this bar. Badbrains is currently playing on the punk rock juke box and twenty-somethings with spikey hair sit at the bar sipping their whiskey. The camo wearing gentleman next to me just asked if someone crop dusted, which evidentally means fart because he made it clear that it stunk. I personally don't smell anything, but I learned a new phrase. Evidentally I am being snarky and kind of mean, so maybe I do fit in better than I thought. Next time I feel like being a miserable, snarky bitch I will be back. Over and out.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2009,4/2/2009,129,543,20,24,21>i have two words for you: herb baguette. I'm not a bread lover but this baguette doesn't need anything to taste good. Forget butter and don't bother dipping in olive oil. How is it possible that bread be so moist, dense, airy and flavorful all at the same time? I have no freakin' idea and that's why I have to buy from Gluten Free Creations, because there's no way I could replicate that. Okay okay I have no qualms with gluten. I don't really care what it is because it doesn't seem to affect me negatively, but why should only the celiac kids get the good stuff? And yes, I have tried to find this place twice before and failed (are gluten eaters stupid-er? possibly) but third times a charm when I stopped in this week. I'll admit it, I was looking for a cupcake. I think we all know about my cupcake addiction. GFC sells cupcakes in a 4-pack, which I can't support because that means I have to eat 4 cupcakes and I'm already killing myself at the gym for my one-at-a-time habit. But seriously, they had gluten free banana cupcakes! I was so sad they didn't have a spare to sell me...so sad I bought the mini herb baguettes and a brownie. The brownie was a two-person affair, a big frozen delight filled with thick chunks of chocolate. I couldn't tell the difference between it and a gluten-full brownie and that made me very happy. I think it may be time to start the "what makes a good brownie" debate; I feel like it will be a volatile one. I like them chewy with chunky bits. But the fluffy ones are nice too.  Truly though, the hero of the day was the herb baguette, which is a little smaller than a 6-inch sub, takes a long time to toast, but is worth the wait. I topped one of mine with farmer's cheese, roasted garlic and roasted red peppers. And I sat at the table crying because I knew each bite I took meant there was one less to take in the future. I love you Gluten Free Creations. I'm feeling smarter already.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,4/1/2009,123,110,13,19,17>Creeping senility: I thought I'd reviewed this place in 2005. The public area is probably about 600 square feet, but every inch is jammed with Fertile Crescent / Mediterranean goodness.This is a bakery, restaurant, and grocery. The restaurant part of the operation has a an extensive menu of flesh-based and vegetarian options. There are plates, salads, and sandwiches. The plates (kebabs, gyros, etc,.) usually come with a decadent rice pilaf, your choice of tabbouleh or Greek salad, and tsatsiki. There are a few grilled chicken dishes, and the chicken is always moist with a nice char.MEB&D also bottles its own spices. Not as diverse as Penzey's, but it's nice to have an option on 16th St. Hat tip to Adam M. on the olives -- they're delicious.Dessert? They serve different forms of baklava, turkish coffee, and homemade halvah (they'll slice off a piece with a scimitar-looking blade for a sample -- impress your friends!).Tips:- You can buy Greek tobacco soap.- The soup of the day is always avgolemono. It always will be until the mountains crumble and our love is through. Sometimes there's an excellent red lentil as a second option. - They have great par-cooked or reheatable stuff  -- it's in the frozen section.- MEB&D is an effective and affordable option to cater a party on short notice (I've done this).IMO the whole is greater than the sum of the parts. The components are all four-star, but the place gets the fifth for the "park-once, enjoy-many" experience.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,3/31/2009,26,89,5,7,7>We used to live at 90th and Shea, a mere stone's throw from Sweet Republic. Then we moved to CenPho, and I have yet to find anything around here that compares. Gelato Spot? Nope. Too much commercial hype. I have been known to call ahead and  make sure SR has Mango Lassi before making the trek...
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2009,3/30/2009,12,60,9,10,9>I ventured to Baiz Market with a few of my my friends and boy was it worth the trip!  Al-Hana, the restaurant inside, is the ultimate hole in the wall!  The hummus is so good I could seriously bathe in it.  I had the Chicken Taook which was amazing especially the garlic dip that accompanies it!  I also tried a meat pie for only $.69!  How could I resist?Because we went on a Tuesday night things were pretty quiet.   We wondered the grocery store after dinner and picked out sweets by the pound when we were done with dinner, this only added to the charm!I would definitely recommend checking this place out!  Make sure you have time to peruse the store and order the hummus whether you think you like hummus or not!
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2008,3/28/2009,367,544,12,15,18>Yeah, I'm updating my review.  So what if I'm the Laverne (the cynical New Yorker) to Thomas's Shirley (the perky mid-westerner)?  What are you going to do about it?I love Fez for reasons other than Thomas.  And as much as he's going to pout about what I'm about to say, Fez is not all about him.  Its about Monika too! ;) No, but really...here is the deal.  Fez serves solid food at inexpensive prices.  (I've tried nearly everything so if you have questions just ask)  They have a good HH and reverse HH.  The brunch rocks.  (Btw, I loved the breakfast pasta Thomas!)  They are always changing the menu, changing the drinks, changing the beers on tap.  They are open fairly late.  They offer to pay for a cab home if you've had too much to drink.  Fez isn't supposed to be an upscale place...its supposed to be a gathering place for everyone.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,3/27/2009,18,43,9,10,11>GRANDMA !!!!!! ARE YOU BACK IN THAT KITCHEN?? GET OUT OF THERE!!! That's basically how I always describe this place.. "Its grandma breakfast"... you know fresh, cooked to order, and way too much! I have always loved Matts and have been coming for many years...the only thing I hate.. the wait.. (well, that and the unfinished, sloppy paint job in the dining room) The food is ALWAYS great here... their pork products are amazing! Super fresh cage-fee chicken eggs, local produce and hearty THICKLY sliced breads served with a side of strawberry lavender preserves... yummy. If you're not in a hurry and have the time to endure the wait... this place is HIGHLY recommended! Although my grandma left me many years ago... her breakfast spirit lives here!
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,3/26/2009,116,57,11,15,12>When it's my turn to cook, I pick up the phone an order Fuzzy's. Thin crispy crust pizza sliced in easy to handle squares - just the way I like it. I have had the opportunity to enjoy Fuzzy's dine-in, pick-up and delivery numerous times over the years. The owners have changed a few times and it has always been consistent. Fuzzy's is as close to Chicago-style pizza you can get without a plane ride. Vienna dogs, Italian beef , wings and pan pizza options are available. Chicago sports memorabilia and bold colors mark the decor. Good prices fast delivery gets a hot pie to the door.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2009,3/25/2009,12,21,21,17,16>The light rail has become a big part of my life.  I moved into a place specifically for it's proximity to the Thomas/Central station.  I go to ASU and have ridden it every day this week, here's why:1. It's free, because I'm an ASU student2. It makes the walk at 6:30am in the dark seem kinda cool3. I enjoy sitting and not driving4. I finished a book with just my metro reading time5. I get some much needed "me" time6. I never have to deal with ASU's parking EVER AGAINThanks light rail for keeping me sane and helping save me money until my goddamn FAFSA check comes in the mail.  I'm taking off a star because you don't run late enough to take back from work.I know you're thinking "jesus, it sounds like this girl's life sucks hard core".  Yeah, it really does.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/14/2011,106,104,13,18,14>Monday night was a big one for me.  First, after a weekend of cajoling and bartering and promises and pleas, my wife finally relented and allowed me to waste tons of money we don't have on two shiny new iPhones.  So we were at biltmore and were reeling from the precipitous drop in our financial resources and, like the good consumers we are, decided to ease the hurt of one bad decision by hurriedly taking on another one. So we went to zinburger.  I could fill a book with the rationalizations used to convince myself and others that the iPhone purchase was a sensible one, but for food, all we needed to know was that our son was hungry. Sooo.  We went here and I am thrilled we did because I have probably never had a more delightful burger ever.  The eponymous burger comes with manchego cheese, which always makes me long for Barcelona, and carmelized onions.  Oh, and the moistest, succulentest, tastiest patty ever.  It was falling apart out of sheer goodness.  The flavor was sublime. We also got a fruit plate for my son, The One, the Second Coming, and it was a fruit plate worthy of his amazingness.  It had apples, dates, oranges, pomegranates, bananas, caramel sauce... and not a melon in sight.  For $3!!My wife got the vegetarian burger and looked pleased with it.  Well she actually said she liked it.  It had a tomato marmalade on a black bean patty and after making her forfeit all she knew to be good and right just so I could have my phone, I didn't have the heart to ask for a bite. Really though, the food was phenomenal.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,1/13/2011,218,116,9,8,8>So, I have had Mojo before and even reviewed one location.  I wanted to try and get my mojo back so I tried another Mojo location.  I'll give it another shot, I'll give Mojo another shot.I was nearing the end of my faux-date with Georgie S and things weren't going great, according to Georgie of course.  Isn't everything according to her?  I knew of only one place I would be able to turn things around.  Mojo Yogurt!  After a light rail ride to my car we drove to the Biltmore.  Now, I knew the concept and all so it wasn't anything new.  The only difference was they seemed to have more flavor choices at this location.  I mixed some cookie monster, cake batter, cookie dough bits, twix, kit-kat, and mini peanut butter cups.  To top it off I paid for Georgie's concoction as well.  I think she even muttered something about me being the best faux-date ever.  Sorry Nathan S :(When I sat down to dig into my creation I was extremely happy.  The bits of kit-kat were the best, with the caramel freezing just a bit to make it crunchy.  I am glad I gave Mojo another shot and will be back in the future fo sho.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,1/12/2011,1710,1170,6,13,11>We really enjoyed ourselves here last night. From the moment we stepped inside the service was impeccable - you can tell these guys are really serious. The menu is huge with dozens of dishes I have never encountered. Being our first visit we kept things simple with coconut chicken curry. Their hot sauce is wonderful, as is the unleavened bread and the hot carrots they start you out with. I will return. (FYI don't let the yelp picture fool you - the buffet is only available at lunch time)
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,1/11/2011,447,457,9,15,15>I picked up some brownies as holiday treats this year and they did not disappoint! These are the richest, chocolatiest, moistest, biggest (3" square) brownies you will find! I'm tellin' ya! TOTALLY worth the drive to Gilbert - except they're taking their own holiday break right now, so you'll have to wait until after Jan. 4, 2010 to get your fix! Still, worth the drive and worth the wait!!
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,1/10/2011,411,144,8,14,9>-Very clean restaurant.-Even cleaner restrooms.-Pretty decor.-Friendly staff.-Delicious food, including Dim Sum, Mongolian BBQ, Sushi, Chinese, Seafood, Salad Bar, and American food.-Fresh food rotation. Buffet lady with headset talks to the cooks in the kitchen and new food appears. -Reasonable prices.-Convenient parking.-One of the better Chinese Food buffets that I have been to.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,1/9/2011,177,185,8,11,8>Nothing makes me happier than to visit a new establishment that over delivers on all points that matter to me.  I was a loyal fan of Lisa G. and was heartbroken to see her leave. However, I've made way for TMI to fill the void and as the song goes, My Heart Will Go On.The charming Sheridan bungalow takes on a new life with a new menu, new decor, new staff and a  great experience for you to enjoy.  The ambiance is perfect if you are, as I am, one for dim lit places that play old school/neo-soul/hip hop beats while chilling with a group of friends. The interior space is relaxed and the furniture very comfy. The Drink Menu has something for everyone. Wine, draft, maybe a cocktail. My choice, the Four Peaks Hefe and a sip of a friend's dirty martini.   The menu options are great and the prices even better. Although I only had the soup, I snuck a bite of Bacon's grilled cheese sandwich and Ayesha's mac & cheese. Both were amazing and I can't wait to go back for more. The staff was extremely friendly and timely even though the place was bustling. Our table had 11 people on separate checks but our server didn't even bat an eye. Cash out, easy breezy! Thanks TMI, I'm a fan.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,1/8/2011,391,272,21,16,13>Once upon a time, I was 16 and decided to get a perm.  Then I decided to straighten that shit out.  I was brave back then.  I just opened the phone book, closed my eyes and took a shot in the dark.  I met a wonderful young stylist named Stephanie Fletcher and I have followed her around faithfully since.  I lived in LA for two years and flew back to AZ to see Stephanie.  Now, I live in Scottsdale and drive to Glendale to see Stephanie.  The day she retires, I will slit my own wrists.  That was a little dramatic, but that is how much I love her.  She has never done me wrong.  I trust her completely.  If she told me to get a buzz cut, I would do it.  If you're a blonde and don't want to look like a cheap whore, go to Stephanie.  No offense to cheap looking blondes, the world needs you too. I guess this review is more for Stephanie than Vita Bella, but  Vita Bella is definitely benefiting from my love of Stephanie!  They also sell Enjoy products, which I actually enjoy a lot and can't find anywhere else.  Now, she only works three days a week.  So, I will kill you if you take all of her time away from me. By the way, she straightened out my perm without ruining my hair.  I think every girl needs to make the mistake of getting a perm in their lifetime.  It's a rite of passage.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,1/7/2011,411,271,14,18,15>Sundays are a good day to do, well, a whole lot of nothing.  After a successful day of avoiding anything useful or constructive, a friend and I decided to stop by for some Irish-style refreshments.  Located in what seems to be the World's Largest Strip Mall With Confusing Parking Lot, this is a very low-key enjoyable place.  It was not at all crowded on this particular afternoon, and as an added bonus, pints were Sunday bargain-priced at $3!  I tried my first ever Dirty Pear (Guinness on top of Ace Pear Cider) - dangerously good.  I wonder if it can be counted as a serving of fruit...You can't have an Irish bar without fish & chips, and theirs is pretty good - a large slab of lightly-battered fish which was more than enough for sharing, served with a stack of crisp french fries.  While I prefer thick-cut steak fries, these skinny ones were consumed with no problem whatsoever!  Thank you, Skeptical Chymist, for assisting me in my quest for non-productivity.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,1/6/2011,666,231,21,15,27>There is, a house on 5th streetthey call the lost leafand it's beenthe ruinof many, a poor boyand godI knowI'm oneMy brother was a fire fighterhe lived right down the streetmy father wasnt a gamblin manhe never went down in new orleansnow the only thing a phoenician needsis some sun screen and a drinkand the only time that he or she's satisfied is when they're on a drunk*organ solo*oh mothertell your childrennot to do what i have donemeet some whore on a first fridayin the house of the lost leafwell i got one foot on the platformthe other foot on the light rail trainim going back to cen photo wear that ball and chainwell there is a house on roosevelt rowthey call the lost leafand its beenthe ruinof many a poor boyand god i know i'm one
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,1/5/2011,742,648,2,15,12>Asian Cafe Express, or ACE, hasn't changed much over the last few years. Located in a nondescript shopping center in Mesa, the interior doesn't get much better than the outside. But you don't come here to be wowed by the interior design, even if you do think the plastic lobsters on the wall are pretty cool, it's all about the food.Open the menu and within a few pages you'll see typical Chinamerica offerings, such as sweet and sour, lo-mein and fried rice. But keep turning the pages and you'll find some serious real deal Chinese food.The best value is the Family Meal ($21.29), consisting of three large items, rice and noodles. This is a feast that can easily feed four or more.Even more impressive is what the kitchen can do with fresh seafood. Across the street from ACE is Mekong Supermarket, an Asian grocer that has a massive fresh seafood counter. Diners can purchase fresh seafood from Mekong, then take it to ACE, where the chef cooks the catch for around $8 per item.Our party of seven arrived at ACE with bags full of goodies we were greeted and seated, then a brief consultation began. We had purchased live seafood from Mekong's water tanks, including crab ($8.99 a pound), clams ($7.99 a pound) and two lobsters ($9.99 a pound). We also chose a large wide mouth bass ($8.99 a pound) that was cleaned by the Mekong fish monger.Starting with the bass, the chef simply steamed the fish, then topped with a sauce of ginger and fresh spring onions. The fish was sublime -- fresh, meaty and tender without a hint of fishiness.The clams were also steamed to perfection with a light sauce of black beans and spring onion. Each tender mollusk was a joy to eat with slight saltiness from the black beans.Our crab was treated with a dredge of garlic, salt and pepper, then deep-fried. The chef was spot on, making a contrast between the luscious crab meat and the wonderful seasoning. While the crab was still in its shell, it was hacked up into more accessible pieces.Finishing the feast, we "oohed" and "aahed" as our lobsters were brought to the table. Both lobsters were chopped into pieces, then stir-fried with green onion and ginger and served on top of a bed of crispy pan-fried noodles. They tasted as good as they looked. The lobster meat was so sweet and delicious I wanted to lick the plate clean. A bonus of flavor was hidden as the juices from the lobster were absorbed by the bed of noodles.This was such a pleasant experience that I'd let the chef at ACE take the wheel for an evening of delectable surprises anytime.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2010,8/25/2010,2178,528,28,29,25>Don't tell anyone Christopher. But I have a serious crush on you and your elegant eatery and your fabulous Crush Lounge. This could rival my Scott Baio crush in the 70s. Or my crush on arrugula, beet and goat cheese salad in the 80s. Or even my 90s crush, yep, again, Scott Baio. We were greeted by a lovely host person who gave us the 411 on our dining options. We chose the restaurant kitchen bar which had happy hour prices on food and drink. No sooner had Rickie and I bucked up to the bar did we have our server take our drink order: two iced teas and a large flat water. Soon to follow was some delicious pillowy yet crunchy French bread with a ramekin of soft buttah!While we waited for our food it was most entertaining watching the kitchen staff prepare for what was sure to be a very busy Valentine's weekend. And since I was already with my Valentine, I was most happy. We had a delicious cheese plate with herbed chevre, Manchego, Pecorino Romano and a mild cheese I won't even try to spell. I had a crispy, creamy pizza with goat cheese, roasted garlic and oven dried tomatoes. Very good though I kept thinking of my favorite flat bread delight at St. Francis. Hmmm...Rickie had a burger he enjoyed though the top bun was very doughy and not pleasant to eat. Yam fries were tasty though a dipping sauce would have been fun. All that was only $36!Now. Is it just me but does every new restaurant try to out do the next guy with the jazziest bathroom sinks? Well, I'd have to say, Christopher's takes home the gold. A huge communal sink with a wall in front of you that shoots out water below as you rub your hands over hundreds of little rocks. Enjoyable! And now in the 2000s I have a new crush. And it's a sink. Sorry Scott. OMG...I think I just finished my 400th review! Cheers my yelpitas!
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,8/24/2010,247,155,10,21,15>The new, old El Chorro Lodge has been reopened for all of two days, and a friend of a friend managed to secure a reservation during their soft opening, so I got an opportunity to check it out.  I was impressed, but not blown away.  Everything I tasted was quite competent, but if I had to choose a word to describe the menu, I would suggest "staid."  Perhaps even "stodgy," but that may be more harsh than I intend.Review the dinner menu.  bit.ly/aWqVVJ.  There, see what I mean?  Replete with Traditional American entrees and sides, at what I would consider fairly exorbitant prices.  I would say that I wouldn't go back to eat this food at these prices, unless someone else was paying.  I should note that a big part of why I wasn't impressed is because this place is simply not my style.  The wait staff, attired in khakis and blue shirts, was a little too informal for the prices we were paying, I felt.  The menu options were a little boring for my taste.  The cocktail menu is exactly not what I'm looking for these days, although I will be very interested to see what Happy Hour looks like.  The decor is a tad heavy on the Old Southwest theme, although to be fair, this place not only pulls it off rather stylishly but also is among the most authentically old and southwestern establishments in the Phoenix metro area.  The patio and open bar are fantastic.  The bar area is considerable, and the patio is palatial - up above Lincoln Dr enough to be fairly quiet, with a gorgeous view of Camelback, sunset here must be incredible.  Anyway, back to the food.  Everything was very well executed, from the sticky buns we were served upon being seated to the desserts we ordered.  I chose the soup of the day to start, a tomato/basil concoction that was quite hearty and thoroughly enjoyed it.  The salads my dining companions ate looked boring to me, but they all claimed them to be excellent, with "the best Caesar dressing ever" and "polenta croutons?!?" being the verdict for the Caesar salad, at least.  On to the entrees.  I ordered the crispy duck, which I found to be delicious and quite hearty, though not what I would call crispy by any means.  It was a very sizable portion, and very well prepared.  My dining companions ordered the pork chop, the lamb, and the salmon, and we each sampled from each other's plates.  I would try the lamb if I went back, but the consensus seemed to be that everything was very well prepared, with the duck being a winner.  It was served with a heap of mushy sweet potatoes (just like my mom makes at Thanksgiving - delicious!) and red cabbage, which I sampled and declined to finish.  Again, not quite my style.  We moved on to dessert - sticky bread pudding with a bourbon glaze and the warm chocolate cake.  The bread pudding was a winner at the first two or three bites, but grew one-dimensional as I continued nibbling at it.  The chocolate cake was decadent, among the best I've ever tasted.  It was clearly made with a considerable amount of dark chocolate, which seals the deal for me.  And in case you were wondering, my dining companions apparently have no stamina when it comes to dessert.  Suckers.  Anyway, as I've said now several times, this place is just not quite me.  It's totally classy and very high in quality, but not quite adventurous enough for my taste.  I'd love to come back for brunch, and once they unveil their happy hour menu, I'm sure I'll be back to check it out, but I won't be back for dinner unless I can convince someone else to pick up the check at the end of the evening.  As a side note, this place is so very Paradise Valley.  It's a welcome relief knowing that there is a place that is so anti-scene out there.  It's been a little while since I've been both the youngest and among the poorest in a room, and I will say it was a little comforting.  Just don't tell the Scottsdale people about this place, and we'll all be happy.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,8/23/2010,134,181,5,7,7>Poo poo on all the naysayers. Rokerij is bad ass, which is why it is always wicked crowded. The ambiance is a teeny bit cowboy, some rustic Flagstaff, some Old-world European, and ALL sexy - grotto staircase leading to dim and plush with roaring fireplaces scattered about. The menu is diverse - plenty of funk and weirdness for the more adventuresome, but some more traditional favorites for your conservative friends. All I care about is that they still make me my beloved veggie quesadillas, bursting with roasted broccolini and corn and filled with just the right amount of cheese, served on a wooden cutting board with two kinds of fresh, flavorful, and just-enough-spicy salsa. It's so good, it keeps me from trying the small plates, which sound scrumptious.I'm not sure where all the bitching and moaning about the service come from. Our last visit here was on a packed and swinging Saturday night where we had to wait an hour for a table. Our server was prompt, attentive, and competent, although some odd comments ("What a good looking table! Are you brother and sister?") left us scratching our heads. The crowd is entertaining as well, although I don't think you'd find me scrounging around for a date. Lots of cougars and cougars-in-training with flashy jewelry and spray on tans. Despite this potentially stiff crowd, the place was lively and everyone seemed to be having a perfectly good time. The crowd may overlap somewhat with the 40th St/Campbell BMW- and Range Rover-driving MILF yuppie sect, but somehow it all seems a lot less pretentious here. The word is that the neighboring DQ is going to be torn down to make room for the rebirthed Richardson's. Woo! Between Rokerij and Richardson's, this corner is going to rival 40th St & Campbell. I can't wait!
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,8/21/2010,463,250,15,26,19>Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):10 Food10 Servicen/a Atmosphere9 ValueI had seen this food truck at many a Saturday morning market here downtown, but I never paid them much attention.  Then one day I did because I was really hungry and in a rush.  The result was awesomeness!But the large posted menu is kind of deceiving.  It presents their 4 standard dogs but doesn't fully speak to the uniqueness and deliciousness of their food, nor does it really give you all your options, which are plentiful.  These are some of the things you should know, that you probably won't realize from their menu:They come on naan fry bread, not buns.(Though you can request buns, but that would be silly.)This does not come across on their board anywhere, but it is the foundational magic of their product.They let you choose your own wiener.[insert bad joke here]They have traditional, veggie, bratwurst, and my favorite: beer-hot.  The beer-hot with the naan is the best combo ever!They have about two-dozen toppings.You get a hint of this in the descriptions of their standard-four, but it helps a LOT to see the toppings listed out (plus they have some that don't show up on the standard-four).  They have the list up on a small laminate menu by the window.Their ingredients are mostly local, and some are organic.I've gotten a beer-hot w/ fresh jalapeños, swiss, cilantro, and red onions; and also a bratwurst w/ sautéed onions, sauerkraut, and spicy mustard.Bottom line is this truck needs more accessible marketing, because they have a GREAT product!
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,8/20/2010,68,47,7,11,10>Holy delicious buffet batman! I was in the area saturday night with a plan to eat at either pacific seafood buffet or this brand spanking new zen buffet.I have horrible self made luck in that my free meal is always in the evenings. Sadly most Chinese buffets fall apart quality wise for dinner. This is horrible considering they are almost always twice as expensive. I had previously scoped out pacific seafood buffet and knew that it looked good for dinner. I stopped here and had a list of things that I absolutely wanted to be happy that evening.This place was PACKED and that means fresh food when it comes to buffet land. The selection of items here is huge. They have 6 or 7 hot tables, plus a table for grilled goods, and a table for Mongolian BBQ fixings. The trays were also on the smaller side so they were replenished more often.Everything I tried here was good. That's not to say the best I've tried but to try 15+ different items and enjoy them all is saying a lot. Especially for my food snobby self.Trays of food were being replaced constantly. Everything was hot and fresh and not swimming in grease. They ran out of BBQ pork ribs which made me sad but was quickly remedied when a brand new scalding hot pile showed up within 10 minutes.The only disappointing factor of this buffet was the dessert selection. Both gourmet honk kong buffet and pacific have better dessert selections. Honk Kong has higher end pastries and cakes. Pacific has the tubs of the real ice cream. These guys had the standards:Something with coconut (sadly not macaroons or I would have had a tear of joy)Lemon/Chocolate Cake(Costco Style)Puffy PastryCubed Espresso CakeSelf Serve Frozen Yogurt MachineThey did have a nice selection of fresh cut fruit.I believe it is safe to say out of the higher end Chinese buffets in town this is #1 or a close tie for #1/#2.Sorry for the lack of pictures but the drive took so long I was starving and pictures lost priority over a grumbling stomach.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,8/19/2010,348,195,10,14,13>Kobe hamburger with pretzel bread. That's all you need to know! Yeah, I'm a fan! I visited Daily Dose on Whiskey Wednesday. That means $5 whiskeys. After one of those, I just had to eat something! Well, hello Kobe burger! I chose the Daily Dose burger which 8oz is topped with cheddar & jack, peppered bacon, fresh basil, shaved onion, tomato & harissa aioli on a toasted pretzel bun! Whew! The burger was tasty and the pretzel bun was a master stroke. The meat was juicy and cooked to order (medium for me). The toppings added to the flavor of the burger and the pretzel bun was chewy and salted just like a YUMMY pretzel. I was a happy girl! I hope to visit Daily Dose for breakfast, maybe a lunch! I hope they can wow me like they did before!
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,8/18/2010,174,98,9,12,12>My coworkers go to Los Taquitos for the women, I go to Los Taquitos for the tacos. Specifically, the hard shell tacos. They are literally the best hard shell tacos I have ever had in my entire life. Carne asada, chicken, fish, it doesn't matter, they're all delicious and incredibly flavorful.There is nothing glamorous at all about this place. Strip mall location, plastic tables and silverware, whole nine yards.  That said, the food really is fantastic and the price is right. I usually get out of there at lunch somewhere between $6-$8 and I aint mad at that.Just do yourself a favor and don't go during the week their episode airs on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on the Food Network as the line is out the door.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,8/17/2010,378,474,7,11,9>Im a sucker for a sweet cupcake.. OKAY my favorite cupcakery is still in Cali.. but Butter&Me is pretty high up on my list.. Kelly was awesome to work with.. I needed a quick 2 dozen cupcakes on short notice for my best friends going away party... Kelly called and wanted to appease me in any way for my besties cakes, everything from the fillings, (I chose vanilla cake with a lemon curd filling to honor my friends move to England:-) & a dark chocolate with buttercream.. Cute little flowers and edible glitters on all..:-) done with my besties fav colors... OKAY NOT Kellys fault, BUT I wanted more of a variety of flavors in the 2doz I ordered, but that wasnt possible ... and pricing for a dozen should be a bit less, as in a bulk pricing for over 8, idk, just an idea! Nonetheless, free delivery to our Scottsdale dinner party ... and presentation was awesome.. and as I stated, Kelly is wonderful to work with!
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2009,8/16/2010,119,483,9,11,11>Wow, this place has such an eclectic mix of furniture!  Out front they had a crazy red chaise lounge with gold emblems all over it, inside there is a 12 foot long spanish style dining table and a contemporary/modern bed frame.  There is literally something for everyone here.  The best part is that everything is totally affordable and their prices are really low.  I've been to thrift stores that charge more than they do here!  There were a lot of things in here that I wanted to buy but I don't have any more room in my house.  This is really a great consignment store with lots of high quality well priced pieces.  Definitely give it a try!
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,8/15/2010,106,104,11,14,12>I hate that places are using "z" at the ends of words instead of "s."  Are you doing it to be clever?  Because everyone does it, so it isn't clever.  But clever is not in high supply at any of these newfangled yogurt places--what it really comes down to is whether or not the yogurt is tasty.And it is!  They had more of a selection than Mojo, which I appreciate--they had chocolate/vanilla, strawberry, banana, a couple of non-dairy choices, and so on.  I got strawberry with... cheesecake bits.  And they were so creamy and delightful that each was a little foodgasm all its own.Complaints: Um... where is the trust? The worker did not give us cups to taste--he insisted on serving the yogurt to us himself, even for tasters.  At Golden Spoon this makes sense because we cant reach the machines, but here it's self serve! You trust us to get a ton of yogurt but not a sample size?  He didn't really get what I was saying so he gave me a non-dairy toasted almond tester which I had to choke down to not be rude, but I hate non-dairy and I don't like almond so how do you think that made me feel?He gave me another tester but it ran out onto his thumb, so I was grossed out.  Does he wash? Presumably, but...Anyway I realize that's a nitpick *but* it does make for a weird experience.  And... there weren't enough cheesecake bits.  I want enough to fill a garbage can.  A large garbage can.Anywayyyyyyyy... despite those minor issues I would definitely recommend this place-- yogurt is as good or better as mojo and yogurtland and the selection is definitely better than Mojo.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,3/21/2008,97,198,6,7,7>Co-worker: We're going to El Portal for lunch.Me: Que es el portal?Co-worker: Oh right. I always forget your not from here.So the review from Pierre is totally on-point. I went to El Portal with my co-workers who are all very involved in the state politics/worker scene. And sure enough while we were there a ton of staffers, court officials, reporters, etc would walk in and out. I don't know if I'd qualify it as a celebrity spot. And likely most wouldn't return if it was. But definitely is a really good spot tucked back just south of downtown. I had the chicken tostados which were fantastic. The service is lacking at best. But I was there around 12:30 and it was really packed. The servers were super nice...just too busy to be really attentive. There's also a huge painting of MLK and an enlarged Cesar Chavez stamp on the walls. I don't know that they have a stealth interior design person...but hey, who doesn't love a little awkwardly placed (but obviously beloved) Cesar and MLK!?
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,3/19/2008,65,206,8,11,5>$12 haircut. SERIOUS.Who the hell cares if it's a student? They've already had a good amount of training under their belt, they're supervised, and this dollar amount includes cut, shampoo, and blow dry. (Though, I will say, my last hair dresser reminded me of many a douchebag hipster I've met in my years, but that's okay, because it's $12 effing dollars).Pretty sure it's the best damn deal in town.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2008,3/18/2008,296,138,28,16,24>I'm a non-traditional girlfriend, so I always forget what's expected of me during conventional gift giving holidays like Valentine's Day. And this year I totally neglected to get Mr. Man so much as a card. Dog house! (I thought we weren't celebrating! How was I to know that little sneaker was would bring a smile to my face with a cutesy, cheesy, tchotchky gift and card combo?)Little did he know that I had an ace up my sleeve. An ace with lots and lots of titacular action. Bombshells! I know that nothing brings a smile to Mr. Man's face quicker than a pair of boobies, so we stopped by on Sunday for some sinful indulgence in an illusionary atmosphere. Being a non-traditionalist doesn't have to be a bad thing.Sundays are 2 for 1 well drinks and domestic bottles before 7 pm, which is nice when it's $7.75 for a short gin and tonic. There's also no cover, an indication that Sunday nudity lures some guys that are reminiscent of your dad. Expect gentlemen in kahki shorts and button down shirts paying to have a lady rub their bits all over. But at least these gents are better business than the twenty-somethings that just watched the entire time, not a dollar bill in sight. Skeeze. It's pretty easy to see which girls are enjoying themselves up there (or at least doing a good job faking it) and who's bored as all get out. We had some very enthusiastic ladies, especially after the shift change at 6pm, and they totally knew how to work the pole in their seven inch heels. Don't come here expecting tig ole fake bitties you usually encounter at Skin or other Scottsdale places. These ladies are au natural and I wouldn't have it any other way. What's nicest was this fact that they're willing to sit down and chat with you regardless of whether you're interested in a lap dance or not:Lovely buxom brunette: "What are you and your girlfriend celebrating?"Mr. Man: *baffled, blank stare* "Sunday?"LBB: "Wow! She's a keeper. Hold on to that one!"Officially out of the dog house.It's not a brusque, all-business attitude at Bombshells and even though I was the only girl there that wasn't on shift (aside from an awkward couple that came in scowling, stayed for three songs and booked it), there's no awkwardness about it. And since I'm a woman I get the supremely sexy treatment instead of the perfunctory titty shake when I tip.The icing on our lecherous evening? Mr. Man got a lap dance and the Italian beauty offered to do a couple's one for no extra charge. Now that's class. Maybe I'm too harsh on the whole 'tradition' thing. Let's make this Anti-Valentine's Day of Debauchery a regular occurrence.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2008,3/17/2008,18,0,4,6,5>OK, I'm not going to get into the specifics of where on my person I've been lasered, but suffice to say it's completely worth it, buy the package of three, it hurts less than waxing, and just remember you'll never need a Brazilian again. Laura, the owner, is a total pro, super-friendly and you realize how much you cherish those qualities when someone is wielding a laser around your naughty bits.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2007,3/16/2008,67,33,1,3,5>There's enough reviews of the Roosvelt to make it simple enough for me to say this is hands down my favorite place to get a beer in Phoenix. It really feels like I'm at home anytime I walk into this place. Best tap selection downtown and the coldest glass of beer you're likely to find. Hurry up and open the back patio! Winter is coming.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2007,3/15/2008,26,116,1,6,8>Build it and they will come, wasn't that the advice of the voice over narrative in Field of Dreams? This is how I feel about the downtown Phoenix area. As I drove through downtown (I got lost) trying to find the the Ruby Room, I wondered "where the F is everyone?" I have driven and walked through many cities on a Saturday night, but Phoenix was a ghost town. I know there are major plans for the downtown area (light rail dreams) but I just can't wait. (Insert Ruby Room Here)  So I found the Ruby Room, and it is completely obscure and somewhat intimidating as you walk in. I paid the 5 buck cover for the bands to a bearded doorman with a kick@ss CJ jeep, and entered a dark, candle lite bar with deep red paint on the walls. the place was dead except for 3 people at the bar and the bar tender. It was about 9:45pm. I thought., ok should I go?  I said what the hell and sat down. I am glad I did. After paying 3.75$ for a Guinness (amazing price) I started chatting with the same door man (who looked pretty tough) about the difference between Ren & Stympy and Pinky and the Brain. We debated what is a better show and why, and discussed the influence of the Ani-maniacs on modern day "adult swim" like cartoons.  The bartender was cool and very attentive and the crowd (wid ranging) was mellow. The place filled up quickly and as Vic Masters performed. I would say this guy was a cross between Jay Bennett (Wilco, Minus 5) and Buddy Holly and Robin Williams. He did a musical performance act that told a story of his visit to the sun and meeting Nostradamus (basically a large white wig on a stick). It was funny, entertaining, and musically excellent. He actually had record albums he would just launch into the crowd as part of the show. I totally enjoyed this. I have to say this place has potential. If you like the art scene, dive-esque, musically oriented places, this place is for you. Drop your pretentious at the door, open your mind, and enter the Ruby Room. This is not a Scottsdale bar.  It is somewhat hard to find, as Central Ave is a one way and could be deemed as a questionable neighborhood. The fact that someone keeps stealing their 50 pound cigarette astray that is outside (a large concrete object with sand in it) tells me, don't leave your car here overnight, but during the show they have a well lit parking lot, and the previously mentioned lover of Pinky and Brain Door man, watching over things. He even warned me of the one way street when I left, and told me where the cops were. Now that is service ;)
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,3/14/2008,108,61,3,5,5>Infested Mall, Flea-esta Mall, Fiesta Squall.  All names of our , beleaguered, 25 year old-plus work horse of a mall originally known as Fiesta Mall. The West Mesa Mall is undergoing a series of makeovers.  It's new face already has a fabulous beauty mark known as the Grill Square.  It is located on the East side level one next to the glamorous Sears Entrance.Once you're inside, you would never know your in Mesa at all.  From it's sleek  steel and light oak interiors and jade accents to it's eager and very friendly staff, especially Vincent at the Bar.  The food is amazing.  The dinner menu changes nightly.  I enjoyed the Chicken Lettuce Wraps alot.  They were so much better than Poof Chang's (Which I admit are delicious, but so messy).  Grill Square's version has spicy chunks of white meat chicken (not ground), mixed with green pepper and onion pieces in a light sauce.  Instead of the obligatory sheathes of Iceberg lettuce, Grille Square uses medium sized romaine leaves to shroud the meat mixture.  Let me just say-it works real well.  No more scrambling to catch everything that is falling out of crackled vitamin-deprived iceberg lettuce.  A spicy peanut sauce and a delicious red sauce is offered as sides for dipping.  Fantastic.  I ordered Iced tea and was pleasantly surprised when a beautiful glass of green tea with lemon and a mint sprig was placed in front of me.They have a beautiful patio and very reasonable prices.  I highly recommend Grill Square.  Say "hi" to Vincent for me.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,3/13/2008,93,134,1,4,6>Incredibly swanky.  This secluded bar is the ultimate spot to take in the beauty of Paradise Valley.  You can grab a seat at the bar or wander outside to the patio area.  You must try the cantaloupe martini.  It's incredibly refreshing and would be best enjoyed on a warm summer night.
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,3/12/2008,208,450,1,4,5>What a delightful little place! The atmosphere is laid back (my husband was in shorts and flip flops and didn't feel out of place), the lighting was dim and our group had a table at the couches, so it gave it almost a loungey feel. Plus the night we were there, the doors were open which allowed an open, airy feel. The wine list isn't huge, which is surprising for a wine bar...I didn't sample any of the wines (I'm waiting to go back for lunch one day for the $5 glasses), but the beer list was good. You can't go wrong with a place that serves Stella Artois, one of my favorite beers.  We had the bruschetta and it was filling enough for dinner. We had a double order of the brie, green apple and fig spread (absolutely delicious); tomato, mozzarella and basil (my least favorite of the third we tried...not enough mozzarella for me); and the roasted peppers and goat cheese (I didn't try it because my husband hogged it, so obviously it was a winner with him).  Our bill was $40 which included the bruschetta, 4 drinks, tax and tip. Not bad at all!Yes the parking lot is super small, so most likely you'll have to valet for $3. It didn't bother me since I was expecting it, and when our car had to be brought around, it was fast.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2008,3/11/2008,157,77,1,7,6>okay. wow.so, after reading reviews of Sabuddy here on yelp, we decided to make the long drive out to Scottsdale and have some middle-eastern fare...definitely an adventure worth having and gas money well spent!it was quite empty in there(an hour before closing time), and the service was very attentive and friendly, the music pleasant and conducive to eating...we started out with the labne(sweet cream cheese with spices and olive oil, served with warm pita)...it was okay; just normal cream cheese...I aimed for the olive oil when dipping my bread...Jamie ordered the Israeli meatballs(covered in red sauce, perfectly seasoned and tender and served over savory rice, with tender, well-cooked green beans, carrots, and chickpeas--delicious)I had the tabouleh(THE BEST tabouleh I've ever had--and I've had a lot!)...it was marinated in the perfect mix of lemon juice and olive oil..the bulgur was almost crispy, not soggy, mixed in with the chunks of tomato and parsley leaves.I'm partial to adding hummus to my tabouleh, so we ordered a small hummus plate(creamy, a bit garlicky, but not overly so, and with a nice sprinkling of paprika on top, served with 2 more warm pitas)...along with my salad, I had 2 falafel balls(only 50cents apiece); the best falafel I've ever had--a crispy, spiced shell surrounding a moist, tender, mushy center...kind of like middle-eastern hushpuppies, seriously and utterly incredible!for dessert, we were convinced to buy the baklava and lemme tell you--I don't know what one of the other reviewers on here was talking about--it was moist, crispy, and drizzled in what seemed to be a cinnamon/honey/coffee sauce...we also ordered a pot of Turkish coffee--rich and hot with definite chocolate undertones...absolutely perfect and in barely any need of sugar after the supersweet, supersavory dessert.we're already planning our next trip--he wants to try the shawarma, and I'm dying for the schnitzel and many, many more falafel balls!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2007,11/7/2007,14,62,1,2,4>I'm not really sure why I love this place as much as I do.  I like to go there and do reading, but I wouldn't classify myself as a regular.  Their brownie is great when you're feeling a little low (Am I an emotional eater?  Yes, Yes I am.)   I think I love it because it suits my philosophy on Phoenix and the metro area.   I will share this with you now:  Finding cool places here is like going on a treasure hunt through strip malls.  You can't expect (as I did when I first moved here) to just go and find awesomeness somewhere.  You have to seek it out.  It might be, as The Gold Bar is, facing away from the road.  It might be right next to a Baby Store and there might be a Starbucks just across the way.  I've done some classic eaves dropping and great people watching from their place.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2007,11/6/2007,53,101,6,5,7>The turkey and brie is a five star sandwich for sure. However I've been up and down the menu since I come here about every other week and haven't been able to find anything else the compares or is worth the 9 dollar price tag and table service. The closest in quality for me is the pressed chicken, herb chicken, and vegi melt.What cements the four star rating is the fact that this place might have THE WORST music ever in the history of eating establishments. It is typically a mix of musak and fake jazz that you normally only have to listen to at the dentist. In my trip today my table looked at each other in shock when "Believe It or Not" (the theme song to The Greatest American Hero) came on mixed in with this music. Even though I love this song, the experience of hearing it mixed in with the bathroom jazz somehow cemented its place in the pantheon of worst music experiences available in Arizona. Would it be that hard to put together a playlist of some real jazz or some good chill electro? I'll put it together for them if they want just so I don't have to suffer through my turkey and brie anymore.But among the pluses are a great atmosphere otherwise, a patio, good iced tea, solid baked goods (if they have blondies when you go you have to get one), and the attached art gallery which is sometimes open at lunch time and serves as a great diversion from work. But overall it just makes me miss having Beyond Bread three times a week in Tucson.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2007,11/5/2007,296,138,9,9,8>I want to be the mayor of my own little electric wonderland! As mayor I promise to offer a fully stocked bar of spirits and fountains of cold beer to allow my constituency to quench their thirst while drunkenly lobbing skee balls down the lanes, spilling beers on the air hockey table, and riding bitch on virtual motorcycles. To remind them of their stay in my land of delight, I'll let them redeem tickets for cheap-o trinkets with the name of my wonderland plastered all over 'em. I'd be the kind of mayor that brings back the nip of scotch with my loyal sycophants on a lazy afternoon and I'd give teenage hooligans the boot, telling them to go frolick in Tilly's or Charlotte Russe because my electric wonderland is a den of iniquity and requires a chaperone over 25 for anyone under the age of 18. Too keep the masses happy I'd offer a massive feast at reasonable prices, with appetizers, soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers, ribs, seafood, pasta, chicken, steaks and sweet, sweet desserts. And to make them feel like they're getting their money's worth, maybe I'll create little indulgences like happy hours and meal deals. Between 4:30 and 7:00 Monday through Friday I'll let my lovely little bunnies indulge in cheap drinks and offer a Power Hour game card for ten bucks that allows all the game play their little hearts desire for a whole hour! And maybe I'll even offer a reverse happy hour from 10:00 to close Sunday through Thursday... Yeah, that's a great idea, and I'll make my closing hours midnight Sunday through Thursday and one in the morning on Friday and Saturday! Now, meal deals, meal deals, how about an Eat and Play combo? It would consist of 25 meals and a ten dollar game card for $15.99, and I'd give them the option of adding an extra ten bucks to their game card for an even 25 bucks. Now I'd be a generous mayor, but I still have to pay for the infrastructure somehow, so I'd have to put a time limit on this awesome deal. Let's say Sunday through Thursday from open to close and until 5 in the evening on Friday and Saturday.And I'll sneak in a $2.00 activation fee for all new cards (except those with my mega meal deal), but to sweeten the blow I'll let my followers retain their cards to recharge them in the future, fee free! And I'll let 'em accumulate their ticket count over time to keep them coming back for more, more, MORE!As mayor I will create a land where divorced dads with their kiddos, young couples looking for some goofy fun and video game nerds can coexist, with a happy beer buzz and over stimulated pupils the size of dinner plates due to my flashing lights, whirling colors and jaunty winning noises. It'll be like a casino, but it won't be a place where dreams go to die. Saturdays will be the most crowded, but will still be manageable in size, as the mob ebbs and flows between midway and video games. There will be skee ball, air hockey, basketball free throw games, streaming water races, those games where the horse runs fast when you roll little balls into holes, virtual bowling, wacky drop the coin games, old skool Pac Man, Donkey Kong and Space Invaders, House of the Dead, motorcycle and racecar games, virtual boxing and my personal favorite, Super Trivia, where six people match wits against one another and get hundreds of tickets if they're super suave like me! Then they can trade those tickets in for junk like nose hair trimmers in the shape of a finger, t-shirts with our emblem on it, Chinese finger traps and jumbo pixie sticks!Ooo, ooo, and there will be fun little shots in those bottom heavy hourglass-shaped shot glasses where the mixer goes in the bottom and the shot goes in the top. And I'll even let 'em keep the shot glass, class act that I am. I can see it now, my own personal funland...What? Dave and Buster's already snaked my idea? Those sneaky fucking bastards. I guess I'll just have to go there if I'm feeling the need for a little goofy fun.Edit: By no means order anything that can't be produced by the divest of dive bars' short order cook. The food blows harder than a hooker trying to make rent on the 30th of the month. The games turn me into a giddy little girl, but the food turns me into a surly wench. Don't do it.
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2007,11/4/2007,201,379,7,10,10>BEST FIVE STAR WALK-IN FIVE HOUR DINNER I'VE HAD IN AGES.Even better than that? It's all thanks to you guys.I started last Saturday wasting the first half of a great day outside trying to get my cell phone, which seemed to be dialing Mars on its own, fixed. The phone people near my place couldn't do anything, and sent me off to the PV Mall area to get it looked there instead. Long story short, many hours later, I ended up buying a new phone, and I hadn't eaten and drunk anything all day. Me in a starving and dehydrated state is not a great sight to behold.It was almost 5 by the time my phone ordeal was all over, and I was going to head home to take a nap, but then I remembered seeing glowing Yelp reviews about some Japanese place nearby. However, I forgot the name and where it was located. But then I realized my new phone had web browsing, and after a few minutes of searching, Yelp led me to Yasu. Score!Yasu is completely unassuming from the outside. I mean, it's in a strip mall a few doors down from a 7-Eleven and around the corner from Target. I walked in just as the doors opened at 5, with a quick sushi dinner all I was expecting to have.I felt I was a little under dressed in my disheveled post-cell phone marathon state, but I decided to sit up at the corner bar where I got to know Ryan, the manager, and Yasu, the eponymous head chef. They're great folks - apparently Yasu the restaurant has become a local legend in the short time it's been open and reservations are strongly recommended - but these two didn't make me, Mr. Delirious In His Birkenstocks, feel any less of a patron. Even after I only ordered some rolls, nigiri and sashimi while completely disregarding the daily "Specials From The Kitchen" menu. It was around this time that a couple sat up at the bar with me. They knew Ryan. They knew Yasu. I could tell that these two were regulars and they always sat up at the bar. Really friendly from the get-go, they ordered a great bottle of Sicilian wine and sent a glass my way (I already was doing well on a bottle of sake that Yasu recommended).What did they order? They left it all up to Ryan to decide on everything. And of course that means things from the Specials from the Kitchen menu. I felt lame sitting there eating my sushi. Don't get me wrong. The quality of the fish was excellent. Much of it imported straight from Japan. Presented well and tasting better than any sushi I've had in Phoenix yet. But I soon realized that it wasn't why these two bar compatriots of mine came here.Out came the mackerel tempura. My barmates were both full of compliments. 15 minutes later, out came the scallop carpaccio. This dish looked amazing, and again, talked about in nothing but superlatives.I was really enjoying hanging out at the bar - watching what Ryan had Yasu concoct in the kitchen for his regulars - so much so that I didn't realize that the entire restaurant had filled out behind my back. The place was hopping! By now, I'm engrossed in conversation with Ryan and the regulars (while watching the Sox make Scooby Snacks out of the Indians)....Out comes a bowl of clams in garlic miso sauce.My new friends each try one. "Hot damn!" says one. "Oh wow. Oh WOW. Wow wow wow wow wow. Hey, give me your plate. You HAVE to try this," says the other.Me? Sure! WOW. and HOT DAMN.That clam was incredible. And that sauce was like serious crack. Ryan: "Don't you think once you're done with the clams, the sauce would be great soaked up in rice or sopped up with some French bread?"This guy is GOOD. And out comes a bowl of rice.Followed by 100% Kobe medium rare sirloin with two dipping sauces.Then comes some cobia (black king fish) pate.Then comes the uni (sea urchin) with avocado.Then comes the foie gras on marinated eggplant. Each time something came, each time I partook. And each time I was more than impressed. How impressed? I've been eating sushi for eons, but I never thought I'd ever try uni. But I did this evening. And I really enjoyed it. Presentation on each and every dish was a work of art.And each time my small cup of sake neared its end, Ryan, who had my bottle chilling on ice, would fill it back up again and put my bottle back to chill. And after it was done, I ordered a glass of that Sicilian red, because why not.With my back to the restaurant, I was in my own world with the two regulars and the manager. Enough so that all of a sudden it was 10. 10.I sat at a sushi bar for FIVE HOURS. Here I was, thinking I was just going to walk into some place next to Target to eat some quick sushi after ending up with a new phone.And without Yelp, this wouldn't have happened. So Megan, Jason, Nadia, MJ, Shannon, Adrian and Jim:Thank You.Maybe my phone was meant to die after all.5 Stars.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2007,11/3/2007,65,206,2,6,4>This Y is just great. Friendly, young staff, who are mostly volunteers, great mix of people, AWESOME machines, and just labyrinthian in design, which makes for great fun and added fitness (and totally Escher-esque at times... did I just go down the up-stairs?). Another kind of strange but cool thing about it is that I always have pleasantries with other gym goers, like, hello, goodbye, please, thank you, have a great day. It sounds average, but it's like the people that go there are on the same respectful, polite page. It's gym utopia. The only downsides are the small, 4 lane pool (but at least it HAS a pool) and the pain in the ass it is to get there because of light rail construction. Both of these are so marginal, though, so I give it a very solid 5 stars.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2007,11/2/2007,46,55,4,3,4>Just about everything you can ask for in a lunch place: tasty, efficient, healthy and reasonably priced. A little expensive, but reasonable. I really like this place. Almost everything I've ever had on the menu is good, including the often overlooked rice bowls (which I actually prefer over the wraps). The vegetables they use in their wraps and bowls are fresh and delicious. Whatever you decide to order, try to make sure it has broccoli in it...it tastes like they picked it this morning.They're a little short on sides (I'd pass on the chips and salsa), and the parking is a pain in the ass. My biggest complaint about this restaurant is (what else) it's only open for lunch. HELLO! There are people who live in downtown Phoenix! We need places at which we can eat dinner! Contrary to popular belief, this is not a zip code in which people work during the day, have lunch, and then depart. We are here at night too! Feed us!!!
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2007,11/1/2007,2083,305,4,7,6>Can anything fantastically impressive come out of Mesa, especially when it is physically attached to the Fiesta Mall?Our server, Coulter, and the talented chefs at Grill Square were about to prove it.Appetizers* Edamame - Perfectly cooked, would have liked a larger serving size.* Chicken & Pork Potstickers - Was a special feature that night and came with a spicy aioli sauce and guacamole.  Perfectly crispy.Main Course* Blackened and Seared Ahi - This was a prime cut of Ahi, cooked to perfection, with the meat of the ahi still red.  This was served on a cake made of sushi rice, which was grilled.  I dont think I could have picked up a similar sized piece of Ahi from AJs Fine Foods for much less than the $15 pricetag.* Spinach Fettuccine Alfredo - They build their own alfredo sauce in a pan, unlike some others who use the pre-made stuff.Dessert* Tiramisu - Tasted good.  Served in a martini glass.  I've had better and I've had worse.* Hazelnut Bread Pudding topped with Cinnamon Gelato - Frickin fantastic.  It's like there was a party in my mouth, and everyone was invited.Overall, I would have given this meal, and it's creators, a standing ovation.  The place was cute, and the waitresses were too.  Coulter had a great personality, and spent a good amount of time answering our questions.Standing Ovation {clap whilst standing, clap whilst standing, clap...}
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2007,10/31/2007,11,30,8,2,1>I once had an ex-girlfriend (a series, really) who told me that she couldn't love me because some things are just too small to satisfy you.   I'm not sure what she meant, but it definitely wasn't the burgers at Stax.   Stax's 3oz slider-style burgers are a 2-bite size slice of burger heaven.   Being able to choose from Salmon, Beef, Turkey, Buffalo, Lamb and other meats is amazing.  You can put anything you want and the burgers are small enough that you can try a couple of different combinations.   For the record, I figured out why the white man killed all of the buffaloes as he swept across the plaints:  It's goddamned tasty!  Seriously, if I'd known buffalo was this good I would've rented dances with wolves like 2 weeks ago.   The service rocked and the bar is nicely stocked.   Well done.....chic Scottsdale crowd but if you can stand the hokey wanna be rich and cool vibe of the crowd you'll be rewarded with a great meal.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2007,10/30/2007,4,13,1,2,3>I finally had the opportunity to try out this place for lunch today.  I really enjoyed it.  The food was great and I found the service to be excellent.  Our waiter was the cutest guy too.  He was very helpful and cordial and kept our iced tea glasses continually filled.  I had the miniature sandwiches.  There were three little ones and I chose roast beef, chicken salad and turkey.  Yummy!  My friend had the chicken salad and seemed to really like it.  The place is located in a renovated older home and I think they've done a great job.I would love to return to try some other items on the menu, especially the meatballs.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2007,10/29/2007,179,67,1,4,2>Thank you Bonnie for this great find!  I've spent the last two days there. They have a different brew available everyday.  Yesterday had a Brazilian one and today a Peruvian one. They were both delicious, but, the Peruvian one was a bit strong. They do a little blurb on where it comes from located on the dispenser. Very cute touch!   The wifi is great and a pretty fast connection.    However, on busy days its kind of a fight for the plugs as there is only 2 on each wall.  I even thought of bringing a multi-plug wall adapter to share with everyone. next time gadget next time!  Staff is young and delightful.  oh and a clean bathroom is a plus. :)Definitely going to BE my new favorite cafe!
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,NA,188,287,4,5,3>Great food, great beer, great service!I had occasion to visit twice in one week - and both times were fantastic.I know the manager, Tracy, from the last restaurant he was at - he took great care of me there, and if it's possible, even better care of me here! Wow - I feel like a rockstar in this place! I was sharing with my lunch group Saturday - I really tend to avoid Old Town - but based on how both groups I was with last week were treated, it will be impossible for me not to frequent the place.The servers are on the ball and don't seem to lose patience - even with large groups splitting the check multiple ways.All food was delivered as ordered, the quality and flavor are solid and the portions generous. I am not going to make suggestions - I don't think you can go wrong anywhere on the menu. Oh, wait. One suggestion. The Hellfire Chips  on the appetizer menu. House made chips, buffalo sauce, blue cheese. So good! Its a really large serving - so either split it as a group, or plan on that being the majority of your meal. But WOW - so simple, but delish!Thank you, CB&CB - and thank you, Tracy - for making sure we all (in both groups) had a great experience and look forward to coming back!)
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,12/1/2014,186,135,8,9,7>We walked in at about 4pm on a Saturday after dropping the baby off to Grandma's. Yes, we were eating at 4. No, I don't care that you think we're old people because it was DATE NIGHT!Anyway, the place had probably two tables of couples, and a half full bar. The host welcomed us and we asked for a table for 2. He smiled and looked at the sheet of tables in front of him. We stood for a beat. Then two beats. Then another employee came over and asked if we'd like to be seated? The host explained to her "I was about to seat them, but I'm trying to find a table that doesn't already have a reservation." Holy crap, that's a lot of reservations. We were finally brought to our high top table and ordered some drinks on happy hour. Yes, happy hour is every day of the week! From 3-6pm.Husband's Bathtub Gin was tasty, refreshing and cool. I loved my Lonestar Mule in a chilled copper mug (I had a mule in a glass the other day at an unnamed bar and would not recommend it). As much as he wanted to get an appetizer, I was starved and just wanted real food. Sorry, bacon board. I had our sweet server decide for me between the St. Louis Ribs and the Short Ribs. She highly recommended the short ribs, so Husband got the St. Louis Ribs (next time we've got to try their burger though). Not long later, our meals came out. Mine with a side of grilled cauliflower steak and his with a side of mac and cheese, both with cole slaw. Yum! I took a bite of my short ribs and... was a bit disappointed. My dad made incredible short ribs, very moist and full of flavor. And, while these were very flavorful, they were a bit dry. Our server came by to check on us and I let her know I wasn't thrilled. She didn't whisk my food away like most servers, she gave me a quick solution, which I fully loved: BBQ sauce. Yes please! So she ran off to get three different flavors and, upon her return, the manager, Jacob, was right in front of her. He asked me about my short ribs and apologized that they weren't up to par and insisted he bring out a new one. Jacob let me keep my cauliflower topped with cheese and the most amazing whiskey onions (Husband is obsessed with those whiskey onions) and took my dish. In the meantime, I tried Husband's St. Louis Ribs. SO GOOD! I love the BBQ sauce and the ribs don't fall off the bone and I'm not mad about it. Incredibly tasty. Jacob came back out and apologized. He found that all the short ribs were a little dry, so he 86'd them from the menu. We were impressed he cared enough to check, then pull, a less than stellar item off the menu off of one customer's minor complaint. He very kindly offered to bring out anything else from the menu and suggested the Beef Brisket. Okay, I'll have that! Best.Decision.Ever. It melted in my mouth. I was sad when I was full and couldn't eat any more. I did bring the leftovers to my mom and she immediately began making plans to bring her friend to Bootleggers! TL;DR. Great specialty drinks on daily happy hour. Problem with meal was successfully resolved by Jacob, the manager. To die for brisket meal and cauliflower side. Eat here, you won't regret it.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,11/30/2014,77,23,5,17,9>Main Points:-Nice decor, great selection of drinks-Affordable and tasty breakfast and lunch-Welcomed addition to Queen Creek diningReview:As a fan of The Deli, I was excited to try this place and it did not disappoint.  The Bistro, although currently a little difficult to find due to lack of real signage, is a cute and trendy little bistro with a great selection of drinks and good options for breakfast and lunch.  If you're familiar with the Deli's signature carrot cake, good news, they offer it here too!  The cashier caught me drooling and immediately knew why, so obviously I'm not the only fan.My hubby ordered the special of the day which was frozen berry iced tea and a loaded bagel breakfast sandwich with turkey,egg, cheese, and pesto...both were tasty!  I got the chai latte with vanilla, and though my latte was a little sweet for my taste, they were happy to adjust it to my liking (I tend to like less sugar, no fault of the drink).  I also got the quiche which came with a salad for $5, great deal!I give this place a 5 because for the location, locally produced food/teas, drink selection, ambiance, and friendly staff, it is a place I will definitely come back to.  They also have free wi-fi, maybe my next Yelp review will be written there over another one of their delicious drinks!
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,11/29/2014,83,88,8,10,7>We did the worst thing you can ever do to a waiter.  Ever.We showed up 30 minutes before happy hour and some of our group, who shall remain nameless, wanted to wait until happy hour started before anything was ordered.  At first the waiter was visibly upset by this but he soon warmed up to us and never for a moment gave us anything by amazing service.  Perhaps because it was his birthday he was in such a good mood he decided to cut us some underserved slack.I enjoyed a bottle of wine with friends which is something I don't usually enjoy.  I shared some olives and a pizza as well. The pizza was amazing but honestly the olives stole the show.  They are warm and for $5 you get so many it's easily a meal.  I will almost almost assuredly go back for, if nothing else, those olives.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/11/2014,11/28/2014,302,469,8,8,5>Thank you Nate for suggesting the raspberry addition to our Bellinis! They made them even more delicious ( if that is even possible) So why a three star review? This place is DARK, I mean seriously dark. If you were looking to do something naughty you could more than likely get away with in in this place as that is how dark the bar is. Even the bathroom was dark, however luckily there was a light over the toilet but still wow! But the service and the drinks were good soooo hmm yea... :) Did I mention dark? LOL!
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,11/27/2014,507,585,7,9,7>(Lyrics - Foreigner - I Want To Know What Love Is)In my life there's been reviews with starsI'm pretty sure I can eat it againCan't stop now, I've Bo Bites so farTo give this place a try.......I wanna go to the Brass TapI really want to show youI wanna go to the Brass TapI know I can show youNestle inside the heart of Mesa Riverview complex is The Brass Tap.  With over 20 locations nationwide the Mesa location is the first in Arizona.  Lucky us!The Brass Tap provides a nice, clean, and homey feel to your beer brewery.  A selection of craft brews along with your regular store bought beer available in a bottle or draft. I came on a Saturday night with a friend and order several different beers to try out while a solo singer rocked out on the early 90s music.  Pretty awesome and chilling night in my book.  I also ordered their pretzel crusted pizza; yep that's pretty new to me!  Overall, the pretzel dough was original and surprisingly it worked well.  Tad bit over salty for sure, but I guess that helps sell the beer!  In the end, a great atmosphere along with great selection.  The pizza was interesting and something I would recommend to try! - Enjoy!
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,11/26/2014,827,495,15,14,14>My rule of thumb is that you can tell what part of town you're in by whether or not the public restrooms have mirrors. If they have a piece of polished metal or worse yet, a concrete wall, then you're not in a good area. Old beat up or scratched mirrors, maybe slightly better. But what about when you're in a place with public restrooms that look like you're at a 5-Star resort? Well that's a sign that you're in a really nice place, and that's what you find at the trailheads of the McDowell Sonoran Preserve in Scottsdale!But enough about the bathrooms, do your business and get outside to see the beautifu scenery that makes you grateful to live in Arizona (or at least that you get the chance to visit). Take a hike or run around the Gateway Loop Trail, hike Tom's Thumb, or just sit and watch the wildlife. No matter what you do you'll be out in one of the most beautiful places, and one of the nicest spots, in the entire Valley of the Sun!
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,11/25/2014,330,151,7,11,9>Yoga on a vibrating plate? Sounds weird, works amazingly. Not only is Vibetality a welcoming and relaxing atmosphere with trinkets, clothes and accessories to buy, but Patrick and Erica are two of the most kind and thoughtful people I've met yet.    After encountering two girls raving about Vibetality and how amazing the 15 minute classes are--WITH actual results, I was determined to check it out. I emailed them and got a reply within the hour welcoming me and wanting to include me. Each class fits 10 people and they offer different Vibe classes like yogavibe, renewvibe and fitvibe.      I did both fitvibe and renewvibe and not only do I feel relaxed and calm, but stretched and literally still buzzing.    Other participants were praising their results and with the first experience I just had I don't doubt that I am hooked already--I'm already going back Saturday morning!
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,11/24/2014,254,406,8,16,11>I went to Malee's the first time with a couple friends last weekend.I will keep going back again and again.  In fact, I have already invited my parents to join me there.Here's why...We were able to be seated late on a Friday night.  We got seated at about 9:15 or 9:30 and they were super accommodating.  When I ordered my dish Thai Hot, I also explained I really meant Thai Hot.  The waiter Chana explained to me that they have one level hotter, which is CHEF HOT.  He then told me that I probably did not want it that hot because the chef is crazy.  I agreed to Thai Hot and asked for some extra thai chilies.  When my dish came, the Spicy Cashew Beef, I was immediately satisfied with the heat level.  Still, I added more chilies to it.  Yeah, I am crazy.  It was DELICIOUS.  I ordered the small size, which was only $9.99, and I had about 50% left over even with my friends eating some of it for me.  The appetizers were really interesting looking and I cannot remember what they were called.  The guys loved them, but I didn't try them.  I know that is not super helpful, but I will post a picture.  I don't see the description of them on the menu.  They looked like little tornadoes of chow mein that covered a chicken/shrimp gyro inside.  I dunno how else to explain them!  Interesting stuff.The bathrooms were clean and there was mouthwash in the bathroom with little disposable cups to use.  Still, the thought crossed my mind that someone could spike the mouthwash.  Yeah, I am paranoid.  Ha ha.The service was great.  We never lacked for water refills.I forgot to use my check in offer, but I'm not worried since I will be back!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,11/23/2014,205,262,6,8,8>I do not have anything to compare this dog park to as this is the only one I have ever been to, but both of my dogs (Bernie and Zombi) have a grand ole time here.There are two separate, very large, gated areas to choose from for your dogs to play in. One is "active" the other is "passive". Essentially I break this down to "big dog" and "little dog" and I have both. Bernie is a very loveable golden doodle (that isn't golden) and Zombi is my 14 pound shih-tzu that hangs out by me the entire time we are at the dog park, sweet. The reason I break it down into "big" and "little" is that I always get the stink eye when I bring my Bernilicious into the "passive" area, I think other owners are worried that he will eat their Chihuahua or something of that nature so I always go to the "active" area and bring my little shiht with me and other than trying to be mounted a few times, she does perfectly fine in the big dog area. Both areas have a large grass areas, the active area is bigger, where you can throw tennis balls (or any balls, whatever balls you like to play with, big balls, little balls, you name it) and each area also has a smaller sandpit area with either a large concrete tunnel or tire to play with. Both areas also have watering holes that your dog can drink out of, with the help of the owner pushing the button, but I always find that my dogs don't like to drink out of that so I always bring my own Tupperware container and fill it up there for my pups. I also like the various benches for both dogs and owners to relax their bums on.The downers, well despite dog poop bags being available everywhere, some owners still do not pick up after their precious furry children -which is such a buzzkill and I find that there isn't that much shade, but I know the trees are still growing. This is a beautiful park and I will continue to come here with my awesome dogs even with the occasional landmind tragedy.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2010,10/29/2010,174,98,11,11,11>I have been searching far and wide for a decent pizza/salad place I could get to on my lunch break for, oh, two years now. Fuck decent, this shit is delicious!!Thanks to the lovely Sunny B.'s review on the Spinato's in Central Phoenix, I decided to do a little digging and see if they had one anywhere near Tempe. And that is when I found this total hole-in-the-wall little shack of heaven a block away from Tempe Marketplace.I know we've all been taught not to judge a book my its cover, so seriously, do not let the meager building scare you away as there is a serious gem hidden inside.Chicago style thin crust pizza, oven baked to a perfect crisp. Heavy on the tomato sauce just like I like it, and a heaping house salad served almost immediately after ordering it. And they also have a bunch of gluten-free options for you unlucky Celiac sufferers out there.I am in love. I will certainly be back. After they get their liquor license, I might never leave.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,10/28/2010,106,104,13,17,13>This was a veritable who's who of the twitter/yelp scene.  i felt honored just to be there.  after breakfast at LGO we went to OTFM just because we could, and saw Nathan S (and Maura, with Buckley and Mabel), Andrew K, Julia T, Sam L., and Joel L. among others I'm sure. My wife and I brought our son, The One, and annoyed everyone with the stroller which in all likelihood would have been much more annoying if it were earlier in the day.That would have been a small price to pay if we *could* have gotten there earlier because we could have had some of the legendary bread that everyone talks about.  as it was we were too late, and all we had to choose from was a block of rye and I think a sundried tomato loaf.  The burrito that Andrew was eating was sporting an amazing looking tortilla, buttery and wonderful. But... we weren't there to eat, we were there to buy stuff for dinner that was consistent with our new (depressing) quasi-vegan lifestyle.  And OTFM did not disappoint. Someone was running around with some sexy-lookin' purple cauliflower and so being the follower that I am, I had to have some. Although they were out one of the workers tracked me down and said that he had some more coming out, which I of course appreciated. They also had orange cauliflower which I wish I had gotten.  We ended up baking broccoli and purple cauliflower with some olive oil and salt and pepper and it was pretty delish.We also got some really tasty tomatoes and oranges.  Fresh and flavorful.  This may sound dumb but I actually haven't tasted such a tomato-y tomato in years and it really added a lot to what we made.  (If you must know, some guacamole with blended onion and serrano pepper, plus tomato chunks.  Add in some garlic salt and a squeeze of lemon maybe and you won't know what to do with yourself.Anyway we'll definitely be back--maybe even this saturday.  I'm sure we'll see many Yelpers there... can't wait.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,10/27/2010,390,126,7,8,7>Oh great, just what I needed, another strong beer and craft liquor bar bar full of great people, nice pool tables and next door to my favorite music venue in the city of Tempe.They've done a great job with this place.  You could still smell a bit of the varnish from the new bar and walls when I went in, very cleanly done in greens and wood to reflect the three pool tables.  They have a nice selection of taps and a huge selection of bottled beer.  The owner said that they've got local artists bringing in rotating art starting next week.The liquor selection is a thing of beauty.  Rodney has sought out the best micro-distilled spirits he can find.  He poured us a little sip of the Dry Fly vodka and gin, both amazing, beyond your normal liquor for quality and smoothness.What I like best about this place is that it isn't trying to hard.  The crowd was still a Yucca crowd, the music was still rock, nothing loungey about it. Though my wallet dies every time I say it, Long Live Yucca.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,10/26/2010,391,180,8,12,10>A hole in the wall Chinese fast food spot with some "tasty" options. Tofu dishes for veggie heads too!Ryan C described this place perfectly, so check out his review ( yelp.com/biz/tasty-house… ) to get a good picture of what this place is like.I dropped in for lunch today and was also impressed by the $5 lunch specials. Unfortunately, they had zero tofu dishes available on the lunch special menu (there are 3 or so tofu dishes on the dinner menu). I inquired about this fact and they hooked me up with a custom tofu dish lunch special deal! Now that's good customer service!I got the tofu with vegetables dish, which is some tasty thinly sliced tofu, deep fried and doused in a ameri-chino sauce. A selection of vegetables is also tossed in, with white rice and a veggie eggroll finishing off the dish. All this for $5.XX! Noice!I really dug their tofu dish and the low prices. I'll be back to try their other offerings.
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,10/25/2010,428,45,5,15,11>Okay I have found my new favorite "home office!"  I don't have an office for my agency yet so coffee shops tend to be where I get most of my work done.Last week I checked out Echo Coffee for a client meeting and we both really liked it.  Today I returned and spent a few hours working at Echo Coffee on their wi-fi. It was such a nice break from my usual home office at Starbucks.  Walking into Echo Coffee you can instantly tell its a different type of coffee experience.  The environment is very relaxing, music is not blasting so customers don't have to scream over each other, and they have great big couches in the back.  Of course atmosphere and great coffee needs to be in balance and it definitely was at Echo.The coffee is really good and love very fair price for the quality you get (my 2 favs are Cappuccino at $2.75 and $3.75 for large Chai Latte).  My chai latte came in a big ceramic mug.  I don't know about you but there is just something special enjoying coffee out of big mugs and not recyclable paper cups.A surprising first for me is getting actual lunch at a coffee place and was pleasantly surprised to find the food was also really good.  Can you tell I am a fan yet?  I ordered a Curry Chicken sandwich and it was huge and delicious so finished the whole thing.  There was a nice bonus on the plate - Mango Chutney so make sure you get that if you order lunch at Echo.  I would have loved just a bowl of that and bread as its flavor was so good.  I need to find out where they get this from as I want to have it at home. About $12.50 for my huge Chai tea and curry chicken sandwich.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,10/24/2010,447,457,12,18,14>Heads up, Guy Fieri, while this place shares its very small parking lot with a Shell station, it is no "gas station food"! I just had lunch with Sam. Literally. When I asked where he got his delicious dolmas (grape leaves stuffed with rice and herbs) and he said his wife makes them, the skepticism was on my face. They were perfectly formed and the flavor was intense. He backed it up by showing me his personal lunch from home and sharing it with me to the detriment of the fries in my combo which I was unable to finish after gorging on meat-filled dolmas, stuffed cabbage and squash (none of which are on the menu). And, for the record, his wife's cabbage rolls are AMAZING and should be added, at least , as a special! So, while dining with Sam he explained that he hails from Chicago where he owned and operated a similar establishment and has come to the Valley to join his sisters, one of which owns King Gyros (yelp.com/biz/king-gyros-…) which boasts its own 4 star Yelp rating after 16 reviews. Besides the dolmas ($3.95 for 6) and some of Sam's lunch from home, I enjoyed a falafel pita combo ($5.99). A lot of times falafel, similar to meatballs but made from ground chickpeas, is dry and demands the accompanying tahini sauce and then tastes of nothing but sesame paste (blech!), but this falafel is moist and flavorful. Sam serves it with tzatziki sauce instead of tahini and since I can't stand tahini anyway, this is a bonus for me! I also tasted my friend's gyros which was ginormous! He ate half, if that, and was bringing the rest home -- the pita was overflowing with moist, well seasoned meat. I'm not a hot dog girl, as I've mentioned before, but Sam is very proud of his all beef Chicago dog ($1.99) which he cooks on the grill; still, an Italian sausage ($3.25) is more my speed. Without a doubt, I'll be back to Sam's!P.S. The fries were hot and delicious and had a yummy seasoning sprinkled on them. :)
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,10/23/2010,232,129,9,7,10>Dear Postino,I try to stay away but I just can't.  Last night was my third time indulging in your delectable bruschetta in the last 9 days.  Your bread, such perfection, crunchy on the outside (but not so much that it pokes my delicate palate), yeasty soft goodness on the inside, a sublime bed for those gourmand  toppings.  So what if you've slightly squeezed the portions of late?  Hey, everyone's feeling the recession.  When your figs are as luscious as they are, your salmon this smoky and savory, your prosciutto NOT bought from TJ's like what's in my frigo,  your brie this buttery-- a little goes a long way.  I know I drank you dry of your sparkling Rose this week, so I'll wait at least a few days for my fix until your next wine shipment arrives.  Until then, Love, Mandyxo
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,10/22/2010,278,165,14,16,12>Awesome Karaoke songbook, cheap drinks, and colorful characters to be found at the Breakroom. This place is a hidden gem for Karaoke lovers if you can deal with the diveyness of the place. Yes, the place is a little seedy and in major need of a facelift, but honestly worth it if you have a serious need to get your sing on. There is a small rotation, usually just 5 or 6 people even on a busy Saturday night - I think I got the chance to sing 8 or 9 songs last night. The host pre-programs a chunk of songs and walks away, so be prepared to grab the microphone the second you hear your song come on with no intro.The crowd is a melting pot and the song choices reflect that. A little Marvin Gaye followed by Blink 182 followed by some rap song I never heard followed by Michael Jackson sung by some white guy with a Michael Bolton hair-do.  As for the bathroom, the whole place is a little dumpy, so I'm not sure what other reviewers were expecting. A towel valet perhaps? The toilets flushed and there was hand soap and towels so I consider myself lucky.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2010,10/21/2010,285,121,17,16,16>Honestly, if I were to have paid for this room I might have only given it 4 stars.  But, I happen to have a friend who travels to resorts around the country for work, and when he told me he would be staying at the Phoenician and invited me to be his guest for the weekend, I was pretty much all about it.  He worked about 12 hours a day while I lounged around the pool, took bubble baths in the huge hotel bathroom, and drank wine in bed while waiting for him to get off so I could show him around Scottsdale.  It was like "Pretty Woman" except instead of sexual favors, I paid for my stay with extensive local knowledge and amusing witty banter.We were in the main building, where the rooms are very decently sized, and the bathrooms are pretty damn huge.  The grounds are gorgeous, and the close-but-not-too-close to Old Town Scottsdale location makes it ideal for having a night out without worrying about a $40 cab ride to get back to your secluded resort hotel. There were a couple things I would change about the room. For one thing, I wasn't a huge fan of the beds. For what I imagine would normally be a $250+/night stay, I've had better.  It was a nice bed, for sure, but not as opulently luxurious as an Arizona Biltmore or Royal Palms, in my opinion. Also, the bathroom had a lighted magnifying cosmetic mirror, which is awesome, but it protruded from the wall at exactly 5'5" from the ground, and wasn't adjustable. So, it would be perfect for A. 5'5" women and B. Pete Wentz. But if you're 5'2" like me, it was pretty useless.The pool was actually really relaxing. No DJ and drunk partiers were at a minimum as well. I also appreciate that they bring out pitchers of water to everyone without the stupid "bottle or tap" question (which obviously comes with the obligatory eye roll when you're fine with not paying $12 for something that comes out of a toilet for free) . The service was a little spotty.  We called it "leisurely" but some might call it slow. Plus, somehow my card got charged twice, once for my real amount and once for a completely different amount, which probably means the server accidentally ran my card for somebody else's tab, so hopefully that falls off my bank account before posting. At $7/beer, I can't really afford to pay for anyone's drinks but my own.All in all, I would give it 4.5 stars, but I had a great weekend with great company and the fact that I didn't have to go the Vivian Ward route to get it (though I still got the bubble bath) made it even better, so I'm rounding up to 5.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,10/20/2010,596,450,15,16,13>Living in a town known throughout the US of A for having decent Mexican food, and loving to eat as much as I do, you would think that I'd have pretty much hit all the high spots by now, wouldn't you?I guess not!I had not been to Gallo Blanco until yesterday for a lunch meeting.It's a long way from Old Town, and while I still have the reflexes of a cat (well, an older cat, anyway), some of the drivers I see in my cross-town jaunts just make me want to curl up in my sock drawer and weep for days!So I avoid the drive...no sense in letting the Beautiful Carin collect on my life insurance just yet:)When I got there and saw the place, I thought, "well Donald, here we go...another over-hyped joint...don't get your hopes up."But I tried to keep an open mind as my buddy ordered for us...Cochinita, Carne Asada and Tilapia Taco's that came in a little corrugated steel rack along with a couple of squeeze bottles of salsa (green and orange).Precious!I grabbed a pork taco...squeezed a little of the orange stuff on it and took a bite...and the angels sighed!Smack my ass and call me Pepe'...go ahead...I know you want to!I could not believe how delightful these tasty little morsels were...I mean stunningly good...all of them...including the Tilapia...so very, astonishingly good!And I couldn't believe that I hadn't been here before (which is why you can smack me on the ass and call me Pepe')...but I won't be away from here for long.My friend and I polished off  1/2 dozen taco's and then decided that we needed dessert...so we each ordered a Torta (a Naco and a Cochinita), and then split them so we each had  1/2...so very good!Not many people would suspect this about me, but I am something of a contrarian...perhaps even a little bit cantankerous...esp. about places that don't live up to the hyperbole.And then I write snarky reviews!But I can't get snarky about Gallo Blanco...GB delivers on all the promises!The menu is clever and innovative, deftly executed with ingredients that are clearly top drawer!The service we received at lunch was prompt and pleasant without being cloying.The décor and atmosphere are pleasant and inviting.But the real star of the show here is the food...or maybe I should say "the 5 stars"...Oh, I think I may have had better tacos, or torta's, but I can't for the life of me remember when or where it was!It takes a lot to get me out of Old Town on a regular basis (Honest to frikkin' God, the way some people drive, I'm astonished there aren't 50 fatalities a day in PHX!) but GB makes taking my life in my hands seem worth it.A new regular in the rotation...if I lived across the street like Thomas does, I think I'd eat my normal 7 meals a day here!
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2009,2/19/2010,285,121,39,23,22>I grew up in Las Vegas. I was not introduced to the concept of "Last Call" until I moved to Ohio at 17 years old. It was a huge shock. I couldn't believe other people had the right to tell me when I could or couldn't purchase delicious alcoholic beverages. Despite the fact that I was 17 years old and I was therefore legally forbidden to buy alcoholic beverages for at least another 3 years, this "Last Call" business really chapped me.I'm typically not ready to end the night just because Mr. Last Call wants to be a party pooper and rear his ugly head. I usually plan for this likely event beforehand, but I'm not going to say I'm a stranger to jumping in a cab at 1:50 screaming at the driver with the urgency some may reserve for labor pains that I need a liquor store PRONTO! This leads to me overpaying for the cab, overpaying for liquor, and generally overtesting my patience because apparently to some cab drivers "PRONTO" means "Drive Safely and Obey all Posted Speed Limits". Pussies.This, my friends, is where the beauty of a liquor store with a built-in bar comes in. This way, when last call comes around, I merely need to mosey on down the hall to make my after-hours selection, and patiently ask my cab driver to take me to the destination of my choice. Everybody wins!The bar has a great selection of beers on draft. On our last visit, which just happened to be Halloween night, there was not one but TWO different Pumpkin drafts. The ever popular Four Peaks Pumpkin Porter, and another one which I don't quite remember the name of, but it tasted like pumpkin pie in a pint glass. I was tempted to ask for whipped cream. We experimented with several different beverages throughout the course of the night. I awoke the next morning to find a note written to myself in my phone that merely said:los abbey angel share is the most delciousber of allll timeAs you can clearly read, Lost Abbey Angel's Share is the most delicious beer of all time. They serve it here, for $13 a glass. It's totally worth it though. It's extremely strong and tastes like a combination of chocolate and jesus. Another win-win.I'll definitely be back to Taste of Tops. Cab drivers everywhere rejoice.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,2/18/2010,1709,149,16,25,21>Given the lack of truly good chinese food in phoenix instead of giving this place 4 stars like it would receive from me anywhere else im going with 5 for lack of a better place.The decor in this place is pretty neat for a chinese place i dig the color scheme and a couple of the paintings on the wall are pretty neat. We arrived party of 3 and were seated immediately. The waiter was quite friendly and quickly took our drink orders. I think i might be a developing alkie as i ordered a rum and coke with dinner which was mostly rum with a splash of coke woohoo.We decided to eat family style and I ordered the BBQ sliced pork, the house special chicken, sweet and sour pork, and pork fried rice. The BBQ sliced pork was delicious could have used just a little more BBQ sauce but the flavor was terrific. The house special chicken is a slightly spicy, double-fried, and tender delight with a nice crispy breading  that just holds a punch of flavor. The sweet and sour pork was by far my favorite with a really crispy breading, good sized hunks of meat and a nice thick sweet and sour sauce this might be the best sweet and sour pork ive ever had. The pork fried rice was a close second for my favorite dish with big tender pieces of pork and a flavor to the rice that could have only come from skilled wok searing. We munched down every last bit of food and were so pleasantly stuffed.The service and food here are both great the owner stopped by our table to say hello, none of our drinks ever hit empty, and the tasty food oh man the tasty food. Thumbs up!This place left us craving more so bad we went back for more sweet and sour pork and pork fried rice the next day and it was just as good if not better consistency is a beautifull thing.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,2/17/2010,302,469,7,11,13>Review # 100 and I saved it for Wildfish, how cool is that?So Friday night, after taking my friend, who was here from DC,  to Scottsdale Fashion Square so she could see what this mall was all about, we decided to head over to Wildfish. I mean I was just their a few weeks ago and I remembered just how yummy the food was at the event so I just had to go back.The place was packed! I mean it was Friday night so I didn't expect anything less but wow. We had two choices, to either wait 45 mins for a table or grab a table near the bar. We choose the latter as the you still received the full menu at the bar as well.We were greeted pretty quickly and our waitress, Deanna took great care of us. Hats off to you Deanna! You rocked girl.My friend started off with a raspberry mojito I believe (I am not sure but I think that is what it was), Lobster Bisque and Snapper with Crab, the crab fried rice to share and some steamed asparagus. All I wanted was the calamari  so I ordered that as my main course. I know lame but that is all I had a taste for as I was saving room for dessert too.So her drink, some warm fresh bread, and the lobster bisque came pretty quickly.  After that we are not sure what happened. One of the waiters (who by the way remembered me from the yelp event) came over to see how our meal was and we told him that we hadn't eaten yet. No sooner did we say that did our meal finally arrive. We were not upset by the delay at all as we were catching up on old times but it was a pretty long wait. However the manager Mario came over to apologize about the delay and offered to by us dessert. How cool was that. Deanna also came over to apologize as well for not checking on us sooner. The meal was so good. My friend enjoyed hers and I chowed down on all that yummy calamari. It was a huge plate that was sitting on top vegetables, red chiles and some yummy but spicy cashews. I also had some of that crab fried rice which was also very good. Lots of crab and lots of mushrooms. Yummy.  To save room for dessert we ate as much as we could but then requested to pack up the rest so that we could enjoy the grand finale.OMG! The desserts are sinful. My friend ordered the upside pineapple cake made with fresh whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream, and I had the chocolate godiva cake that was served warm with vanilla bean ice cream. Good lawd those desserts were good. If you don't want anything else from this restaurant. which shame on you for not trying the delicious food, at least go for dessert. Yum, yum, yum.All in all it was a great time. Thank you again to Deanna and huge extra special thank you to Mario for generously buying us dessert. I will definitely be back again soon.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,2/15/2010,121,311,9,16,15>I have been awaiting TMI to open for months.  I was a regular at Lisa G, and finally, Matt and Courtney have made me happy by opening up shop.  Today was opening day, and despite finding anyone awesome enough to attend with me, I decided to pull my usual Lisa G style of going solo.  I'm so glad that I did as I met a few great neighbors and felt super at home.8 brews on draft- all from the West Side of the country.  A few Four Peaks, and then a house beer- The Main Ale (Yes, TMI!).  I had the Main Ale, Four Peaks Hefe and the Blonde Ale tonight- all good.  I will probably stick to the TMI ale and Four Peaks in the future.  In addition, they have the core boozy bases- I ended up with some obscure AZ brewed Wildberry vodka press that made me happy that I believe in night caps.  I ordered the mac and cheese for dinner.  This apparently is a side dish that Matt's sister makes for all of their families big holiday gatherings, that they turned into a whole dish with green chiles.  Cheesy and spicy?  It is like Matt knew me before he knew me to make this awesome dish.  SOLD.Another cool note:  Matt's mom has recently went Vegan so he is a bit more aware of the world and people who eat a bit differently.  That being said, he has a veggie panini on the menu that can be made vegan- I will try it within a week but I'm just glad he has made it an option.  I met a bunch of my neighbors, drank a bunch of good beer, had a cheesy dinner with a kick and fell in love all at that same moment.Yep, pretty sure my regular status at this venue is going to stick.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2010,2/14/2010,154,77,11,17,13>I'm hesitant to give 5 stars after 1 visit, but I have to. Eating at the counter facing into the kitchen afforded us a real look at how much care and attention is put into the food, even though it comes out at a great pace.A chef named Cole manned the impressive wood-fired oven with ease and confidence, and all the while he and the other chef making all the salads took our questions and offered up useful information with a smile on their faces.Rather than get into details on each dish, I posted pictures of most of what we ate. Can't wait to explore the whole menu and look forward to specials and new additions.St Francis is a gem: a stylish modern bomb shelter of a place, serving up skillfully crafted comfort food. The neighborhood it's named after is lucky it landed where it did. Plus it would suck to name a restaurant "Campus Vista" or "Scary Place Where Carolina's Is".
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2009,2/12/2010,100,799,11,20,13>OMG, just when you think you've seen it all, you stumble onto a place like this!  To start with, this beautiful restaurant has the largest selection of buffet food that I've ever seen offered outside a casino.  There were around 150 main items, including everything from Fish Ball Soup to Roast Duck, just an incredible array of Chinese, Japanese & American food, & every bite of it 5-Stars!  There was Mongolian Barbecue, terrific sushi (being freshly made as people were grabbing it up), lots of other seafood, lots of beef, lots of veggie...  everything you can think of; even a full bar, & great service too.  You want this!Lunch Buffet $8.38/$7.54 Sr.==================================================­====5/3/10 Update:  Dropped back in here for lunch today with Mike C.  Again, it was incredibly good, & it's my favorite Chinese buffet of all the 70-some that I've reviewed here!   :-))
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,2/11/2010,510,292,22,18,16>I can't understand why so many people give this place terrible reviews. Its a sports bar for shitsake, what do you expect? I don't care what anyone else says, this place makes the cut for any sports fan in need of a venue with massive TV's, greasy bar food and plenty of beer. Cheap beer I may add. They also have cheap drinks. $3 for a bloody Mary whose mix is comparable to my beloved Zing Zang.. I think YES. There is a covered outdoor patio, so even the smoker sports fans of America can fully enjoy themselves, without even being rained on should some fluke freaky ass storm miraculously make its way into the valley of the sun.. unlikely, but hey, im just throwing it out there.Their wings are delicious and meaty. Their nachos are nachos.. cant really eff that up. Their fried party platter thing is a heart attack on a plate, and nothing fancy, but goddamn delicious. The sandwiches are standard as well as the salads.. but come on people, this is where we go to get shnockered and watch some football, not to indulge in a gourmet meal. 16th St. Bar is A-O-Fn-K with me.. And one of the best parts is that there is a Sports Authority right down the street so when you get that urge to purchase a new baseball glove or junior size football because your hands are too small for the official size, you can go during halftime.Ka Pow!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,2/10/2010,348,195,14,19,17>Want to know how to wake this Diva Goddess up early on a Saturday morning? Tell her there's a Farmer's Market that sells delicious and fresh food! DING! I had the pleasure of visiting the OTFM with Mr. Hottie and my favorite Foodie Bear and what an adventure it was!! I won't write too terribly much about it, because how many reviews can you read about fresh produce and freshly baked goods? A highlight of my visit was the fresh mozzarella I bought from the Digestif booth. I watched it get freshly formed and was educated about where their ingredients come from. It was SO yummy! I also visited the Sweet Republic bus, and the McLendon Farms operation. WOW! I also got to meet a few fellow yelpers and share some yummy bread from their quest for fresh goods. I will certainly return to OTFM! (I heard a rumor that they will be moving the market into the underground parking area for the summer time) It was such a pleasure eating a meal made from the fresh ingredients purchased from local vendors!
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2009,2/9/2010,363,93,8,15,10>Ok, I'm pretty much cheese obsessed. I love it. Can't get enough of it. Doesn't mean I'm an expert though. With the limited resources in AZ, haven't gotten the education I need. If Murray's Cheese from New York was here, I'd be broke by now but I'd be a cheese expert.  So I'd been looking very forward to the opening of Petit Fromage. I would have been there opening day but the family returned from Oz that afternoon & it just wasn't possible.  We finally hit it today (a week late). In the interim, I'd heard mixed things.  I did hear that the selection wasn't that huge and it was pretty much 1 case of cheese.So I went in with an open mind but not expecting Murray's (which is good). I left way, way more excited than I expected.Speaking with Lara Hardwick, she DEFINITELY knows her cheese. It turns out she's been supplying some of the top restaurants in town for some time.  Found out we have eaten her cheese multiple times when we visited Binkley's (one of our favorites). From what I  understand she has been supplying them for some time along with other fine restaurants in town.So walking into Delicious Dishes, we found the Petit Fromage section. It is one case. But after talking with Lara and sampling numerous cheeses, I was so not let down. I found that she specializes in artisan American cheeses. Cool. That is definitely not a population that I have targeted nor do I know much about it. I tried a host of cheeses and found many remarkable. We ended up leaving with the 2 featured cheeses, Smoky blue cheese from Central Point, OR and Beemster XO, an aged Gouda from Beemster Holland. I already love blue and aged Gouda so I'm not surprised I would love them. I hadn't heard of either but thought they were fabulous and am so looking forward to cracking into them. Another standout for me was Mahón (a cow's milk cheese from the island of Menorca, Spain with sharp, lemony, salty flavors). I also absolutely loved an intense blue cheese that I think was called Azul something or other.I also quite enjoyed trying the unsalted and salted goat butters.I'm already excited to return. I am confident that I will consistently find new and interesting cheese there and will learn a great deal from Lara.If you are at all into cheese, you must get to Petit Fromage. Don't be let down at the first appearance of the single case (which is no bigger than something AJ's or Whole Foods might have). Engage Lara and put yourself into her hands. It is truly exciting to have someone here in town who knows and loves cheese, is quite ready to let you sample the case and that will help you learn and find just what you like.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2009,2/7/2010,2083,305,6,15,12>Came here on a whim, and fell in love with the place.Our server Raymond was super friendly and commented repeatedly on how they Love Yelp here.  Hey Gabi, this would be a great place for an official Elite Event, and they have an attached nightclub!On to the food.  Ray suggested the Q-Rolls appetizer, and it didn't disappoint.  They're like flautas made with brisket, accompanied by two dipping sauces.  Simply Amazing!Ray also recommended the whole hog entree with brisket, pulled-pork and baby backs.  It was large enough for my wife and I to share.  Delicious and filling.  My daughter ordered the half chicken plate, and their fries are superb.We finished it off with a peach cobbler, and to our surprise, we were presented with a bag of Thank-Q's (accompanying our check), which were freshly made dough balls coated in cinnamon & sugar.  Very good!If we lived closer, we'd be a fixture in this place.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2011,10/27/2011,848,353,6,17,11>OMG get the chorizo omelet!!! The place is cutely decorated and the service is super friendly, though a little slow. I am a booth girl, so I was happy to see that most of the seating up front was booths. I don't like tables and hate chairs.When I see biscuits and gravy on a menu, I am already in love. Also, they don't have it on the menu, but try the chorizo gravy on your biscuits. We only knew about it because Joe himself came to our table. In face, he visited a lot of patrons while we were there.The potatoes weren't anything fancy, but man oh man, that omelet was amazing. I am still thinking about it!
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,10/26/2011,157,146,10,10,9>Yay! I'm now a fan. I really like this spot with it's good, fresh food, and FREE WIFI! I've been to so many other competitors and this is what brings me back again and again. Good (/great) FoodGood PriceFriendly StaffFree WiFiand not being rushed...Well done
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,10/25/2011,732,344,5,10,8>Every year I am in charge of bringing dessert from a local spot for Thanksgiving and Christmas. Last year we did an ice cream pie from Sweet Republic and that was good. But this year was different...This year we sorta flipped out when we tasted our creme brulees. We ordered a few pumpkin and then got a ton of different flavors so we could try them all. We sat in a circle and just passed them around going to town. They were all amazing. The winners though, were the classic vanilla and chocolate. As in, the kids were licking the containers. We didn't even think the kids would like them but they couldn't get enough. We loved it so much we are even doing it twice- Christmas here we come! I had the order delivered to my work, it came wrapped in a bow with an adorable re-usable container full of raw sugar for flaming. We used the broiler because our torch was out of gas and it turned out wonderful. I did a test on one of the brulees to get the hang of it. Prep time was about 15 minutes to do all 12 brulees. it was amazing. Julia is such a pleasure to work with as well. She is always quick to respond to e-mails and was right on time!
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,10/24/2011,301,169,8,11,8>One of my FAVORITE places for lunch in AZ.  I am always last to order when I go with friends because there is so much that looks good!Don't be fooled into thinking that Liberty Market is just a ladies lunch place because they have awesome farm-fresh vegetables, salads, and a ton of healthy options.  Any man can get his grub on here with their great selection of hearty sandwiches, pizzas, and of course the ginormous burgers.It's a little pricier than your typical lunch fare but in this place you definitely get what you pay for.  My top recommendations for lunch are the Rancher salad or the Picnic sandwich - yum!  Watch out for the specials too, as they are always coming up with something new!
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,10/22/2011,77,231,4,13,4>I wasn't going to write a review for Windsor, since there are already like 80 of them, but I noticed there's been quite a controversy over the mixed grain salad.  Since that salad was pretty much the highlight of my week, I want to add my 2 cents here.  First of all, the components of the salad are listed right on the menu, so if you don't like what's in it, don't order it.  If you like beets, squash, grains, etc., this salad is absolutely the perfect combination of crunchy, hearty, healthy, salty, and a little sweet.  So incredible was this salad that I couldn't even stop eating in time to leave room for ice cream at Churn.  I was very impressed with the vast array of options on the menu here but will probably continue to order the mixed grain salad again and again.Other stuff about Windsor:The patio is delightful.  It's not a particularly large patio but it's got a great setup, with plenty of room between tables.  Thank goodness for misters.  I loved that they gave a little bowl of pistachios as soon as we sat down.  The atmosphere inside the restaurant was nothing special (besides the awesome wall of cassette tapes linking Windsor to Churn).
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,10/21/2011,285,121,17,9,10>So before I start my review, I'd like let Yelp know that I don't appreciate my Thai Lahna review disappearing. Where is it Yelp? I just went to the Thai Lahna business page and I know FOR A FACT I left them one review AND one review update and a CTRL+F for "Georgeann" isn't highlighting anything on either page of reviews. I needed that review as reference for this review, as I don't want to hold Touch of Thai and Thai Lahna to different standards. HOW FAIR AND BALANCED OF ME. But I digress.So I originally was going to give Touch of Thai one less star than Thai Lahna. To me, the sauces just weren't as flavorful and the Thom Yom Gai wasn't as orgasmic. That's not to say it wasn't good. You know that saying "Sex is like pizza, even when it's bad it's still pretty good". Well, I've had some doughy, tasteless excuses for pizza and they were pretty damn awful, so I hereby propose to replace "pizza" with "Tom Yum Gai". I really feel like that could catch on.  Anyway, so with that in mind I was going to give this place three stars because I was PRETTY sure I gave Thai Lahna four (however, I have no way of knowing for sure because Yelp is censoring my shit like a god damn fascist). Upon further thought, I remembered that the main reason I gave Thai Lahna a star detriment was because of their kinda crappy service. Food takes a pretty long time and, while not rude, I wouldn't really call them "friendly" either. Plus, they only serve coke in a can. I've been in to Touch of Thai  for both eat-in and take-out and both times the service was fast and friendly, definitely nothing that would warrant a star deduction. So they go up to four stars, because that's pretty much what I'd give their food and with no service adjustments either way, I'd say that's fair.  To recapThai Lahna - One Star for Food + One Star for lack of service/fountain soda problems = Touch of ThaiI'd definitely go back. The great (albeit hidden) location right in Old Town, cute interior, and friendly service makes up for the minor taste issues. Besides, you know what they say about sex and Tom Yum Gai...
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2011,10/20/2011,136,190,4,5,5>I had been craving a bean & cheese burrito all weekend, so on Monday come lunch time I searched my Yelp app for a Mexican food place on the way home (I was meeting up w/my hubs). Caramba was the 1st place to pop up so I decided to check it out. After looking over the menu I ordered the following for us to try: bean & cheese burrito, chicken pollo fundido, beef fajita combo plate & a cheese quesadilla w/a side of sour cream. Since I was taking it to go I forgot to grab some salsa from the salsa bar, next time!I had half of the bean & cheese burro & about a third of the pollo fundido for my lunch, I can't decide which was better as they were both so good! My hubby split the bean & cheese burro w/me & ate the cheese quesadilla w/sour cream, he also loved the burro & said the quesadilla was good too, not greasy like most places. That night for dinner I finished my pollo fundido & my hubby had his fajita plate, he said everything was very tasty! Total for all that food was about $25, not bad. Next visit I'd like to dine in & order their famous stuffed quesadilla & the cinnamon crisps dessert. They also have beer & margaritas & serve breakfast burritos all day. So glad I found this place!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,10/19/2011,398,837,5,9,7>After having the day off yesterday, I decided to catch up on a few things that I've been neglecting since getting my new job.  One of which was scrapbooking. I came here to grab lunch after picking up some much needed scrapbook supplies, and wanted a bite to eat.I've eaten here before, but not in some time.  The place is actually pretty good, believe it or not.  Its a small, intimate kind of place, that serves and sells some great breads, along with a few sandwiches to eat in house or carry out.  They have half sandwiches that you can get for around $4.50, with a nice selection of freshly baked bread, along with whole sandwiches for $7.50.  This price includes chips and a drink.I went with a half sandwich, on toasted white bread.  I really liked it!  Pop was refillable as long as you ate in, and service was a okay.  If your in the area, and would like a really cute, independant place to eat at, stop by and grab a bite to eat.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,10/18/2011,67,93,8,5,5>Maybe I am lucky, maybe there is a crazy magnetic field causing distortion in the space time continuum, but whatever it is, I just can't seem to have a bad date at Kaz.  I think people even look better inside Kaz.  Sure...nothing lasts forever, but at least for my time in Kaz, it all seems perfect.  First off, it's dark and sexy.  Second, the live music is always great, from jazz, to blues, to DJs.  It works, very well.  Second, there is wine and great cocktails.  Perhaps these items are the source of the distortion.Granted, the bottle menu is maddening, and I won't even start down that road.  If you can find what you want, good on ya, me, I cannot figure it out and half the time neither can the servers.  Oh well, I usually stick to glasses or one of the creative flights of reds, whites, or bubbles (they have cool cocktails too) -- then I use words like "pencil shavings" and a "hint of rust" and "leather."  Because of the distortion, my dates find this either a) funny or b) seem to think I might actually know what I am saying.And yes, sometimes the door staff is a bit too cool for school...but once you are seated, you can focus on more pressing matters. However, beware, you can have a great time on a dark couch and when you finally see your date in the light, actual and metaphorical, things can change, it's a hazard of the Kaz distortion.  So, to be safe, order that extra glass or try another flight.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,10/17/2011,228,749,5,11,9>We had a reservation for 18, but our other 7 friends wimped out at the last min.  The 11 of us enjoyed Switch.  We had the high table by the bar and kitchen.  Tim was our server and he was awesome!!!  The weekend brunch menu looks so yummy.  I ordered the Breakfast Gallette (large puffy pasty topped 2 eggs, sausage, jack cheese & cheddar cheese, & served with breakfast potatoes. Everything tasted so so good, one minor thing I did not know the eggs were over easy.   The rest of the group polished off their food too!  Some of us ordered off the regular menu.  OMG, the burger looks and smells delicious!  I so need to be back to order another things off the regular menu!!!!
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,9/17/2008,458,172,11,13,12>I will never ever go to Quiznos or Subway ever again!  Cheba Hut is definitely the best and most creative sub shop around.I had the White Widow sandwich on a garlic herb bun.  It came with chicken smothered in ranch, cheese, bacon,  and mushrooms.  I also added peppers and mustard and it was completely awesome.  Looking at the menu, I realize that really whatever I am in the mood for, they have.  I would give it -1 star for not having green chilies, but I will survive (and so will be esophogus)Prices are very reasonable and I loved it that I had the choice of an 8" sub.  My biggest issue with the likes of Subway is that I could only get 6 or 12" when all I wanted was something in the middle.I found a new love in Cheba Hut.  YUMMY!!!! And the decor ROCKS!!!!!
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,9/16/2008,30,26,2,5,5>PBR. Mad Dog 20/20. What??!! I was a witness to someone drinking Milwaukee's Best Light. Damn son. I guess if youre going to do it, do it cheap.Get there early if you're going on Saturday morning for the game, it fills up quick. All in all, it is was it is. An Ohio bar, watching football, peeps getting sliggity sloppt. Most are still drunk from the night before. Makes for good people watching practice. Make friends with your neighbors when you find a seat. They could be from Ohio and a new person to be "besties" with.Nice!! Thanks Mickey's, you rock... and roll.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2008,9/15/2008,0,2,3,9,6>Don't call them Sno-cones! New Orleans Sno Ball, Coffee, and Chicory  shares the same building on E. Indian School Rd.  as Two Hippies Magic Mushroom and Mamma Mia's Subs. They serve authentic New Orleans Sno-balls from an old-time Sno-Wizard ice shaver. They had 50 flavors, including old favorites like Cherry, Spearmint, and Grape, and other more exotic flavors like King Cake and Red Velvet Cake. We ordered the Red Velvet Cake and it was tops! The ice was very soft and the sno-ball had just the right amount of flavoring syrup. They carry coffee and chicory and some other Cajun/Creole cooking products and also sell Zapp's Potato Chips. The owner and sno-ball maker were especially nice, and will reminisce about New Orleans with you while you wait for your sno-ball!I'll be going back, especially if New Orleans Sno ball starts selling King Cakes around Mardi Gras. Until then, I'll keep coming back to get my sno-ball fix here.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,9/14/2008,202,13,12,15,16>Ok so I'm going to make this easy.A. You go through the kitchen to get in the place (so badass)B. Louis makes the best martini you can possibly have. (so badass)C. They gave these chips out like 10 or 20 years ago, that grant the holder         free dessert for life, I happened to know a few peeps who have these         legendary chips. (free dessert poker chips so badass)D. finally the food is good a bit expensive and the service is always       amazing.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,9/13/2008,15,8,3,9,8>omg amazing place! definately try a green-sauce enchilada with cheese, the rice and beans are amazing and salsa reminds me of the authentic places in San Diego...tiny hole in the wall though, so keep an eye out for it...if you exit the 1-10 at 32nd, head south about two blocks, make a left (east) on broadway, its right after 36th street in an industrial area....if you see Napa Auto parts across the way, you found it! :-) they will literally make you ANYTHING you want (within reasonable terms of course!) and they have a good kids menu for the little ones
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,9/12/2008,742,648,14,7,11>I of course have a crush on Chris Bianco. Not because of his rugged good looks or what could be hiding behind his fly but because of his ideals and passions. He is committed to the finest ingredients.. the best techniques and has the knowledge to pull it all together almost daily with consistency. I admire what he does and it simply shows in all that he makes. PB for me is hands down the best place in town for a great rustic sandwich. The flavors and textures are simple yet when combined offer a complexity that's hard to beat. Down to earth this place directly reflects the passion of it's owner. Chris Bianco should run for president.. no bs.. no lying about WMD.. just true and real, honest to goodness.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,9/11/2008,120,162,20,10,12>I know I'm not the first and I know I'm not the last person who has or will throw up at the Palo Verde on their 21st birthday.  I came in their already blind drunk and the bartender served me a gigantic, obscenely huge shot of Jagermesiter on the house.  Throwing up at the Palo Verde is hitting rock bottom.  It's like admitting to smoking crack before work.In case you've never been there before, here's the rundown:  It's disgusting.  There's a mop hanging up outside that's gotta be in the running for "Dirtiest Mop in Tempe," second only to a mop used for a murder scene... although I can't say for certain that the PV's mop hasn't done the same.The bathroom... my god.  One time I went in there, and there were flies on the toilet paper.  Once, I had diarrhea (I know! it was bad!) and some fat guy snorting cocaine sparked some conversation, "Man, I've been going to bars for 18 years, never had to shit in one before, though."  The bartenders are hilarious.  The one guy, Chuck, looks like he'd beat the shit out of you for wiping your nose wrong, but he's as nice as anyone I've ever met.  The drinks are stiff.  Ten bucks will get you more absinthe you know what to do with.  Chances are, you will stumble out of the PV, jump on your bicycle and wind up home somehow, giggling like a madman.I love it there.  I would give it five stars, but I had to surrender one due to the "punching machine," they installed and the classic rock that some douche-nozzle always puts on the jukebox.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,9/10/2008,348,195,15,20,16>What a lovely surprise located in...well...Surprise! Mr. Hottie and I decided to have dinner somewhere different. The plan was left to me so I decided to head out to Surprise. I have heard some rumblings of a new bistro out there so I hopped on Yelp to look it up. I made a reservation for 8pm and headed out the door. When we arrived we were immediately struck by the nice decor and cool music. We were greeted warmly and had to wait only a few moments to be seated. We got a nice dimly lit corner table, perfect. We surveyed the patrons, while the website does say the attire is casual, I wouldn't suggest coming in shorts and a t-shirt. Those who did, didn't look like they belonged. Maybe shorts and a polo? Maybe.Anyway, onto our visit. Our hostess seated us and asked us if we had been there before. We responded no and she went on to thank us for our visit and welcome us to the bistro. What was cool about her greeting was that it wasn't like she was running through a script in her mind, it was actually a genuine welcome! No dead behind the eyes Scottsdale hostess here! Our waitress, Jessica was friendly and bubbly. She usually worked the lunch shift so she was a tad shaky on dinner service but we were forgiving. She was doing a great job and trying really hard to make sure we were happy. We started out with a martini. Mr. Hottie had a "Stuffed Goose" which is Grey Goose with stuffed blue cheese olives. I had the Valentino, a pomegranate martini. We both enjoyed our cocktails. We also ordered a 2004 petit syrah to go with our dinner. Ahh.. dinner. Let's start with the appetizer. (Tree hugger/PETA member beware) We ordered the foie gras. The plate was very unceremoniously dropped onto our table by a food runner. She didn't even announce what the food was, just sort of plopped it in front of us and said "There ya go!". Not kidding. Oh well, a minor hiccup. While I was expecting a nice seared piece of duck liver, we got something more in the line of pate. It came with hunks of toast and a compote of apple and figs. It was still VERY delicious. Not as savory as a seared piece of liver, it was still very yummy and I will get it again. We also shared a beet and goat cheese salad. I grew up thinking that I detested beets. They came out of a can, and they tasted like pennies. WRONG. I actually got coaxed into trying beets again and they were so yummy! The goat cheese with the beets were great! The bed of arugula was a little much for me, but that's a personal choice.  Mmm Dinner...We both ordered something from the Chef's entrees of the day. Don't be sad when you see the small dinner menu. The chef adds about 3-4 entrees onto that. Mr. Hottie ordered the thick cut pork chop topped with an apple and bacon mixture, and on the side was broccolini and curried cauliflower, talk about savory and spicy (not HOT but just full of flavor). The pork chop was perfectly cooked, if you like your pork chop well done. It wasn't too dry and the meat was moist and tender. The curried cauliflower was crisp and fresh, not at all mushy.  I had the duck breast with sticky rice, cabbage rolls and a slice of roasted pineapple on the bottom. It was DIVINE. The duck breast was juicy and delicious. All the flavors ran together in harmony. The cabbage rolls were just that, a small egg roll filled with cabbage. Sounds simple right? Wrong, the cabbage was so good. It was very well seasoned and the roll wasn't greasy at all. The ONLY thing I would have changed is that the ball of sticky rice was CRUNCHY on the outside. I don't know if that was the intention of the chef, but being a sticky rice/ any rice eater, it came off as though the rice had been left out to dry. Other than that, heaven. We took our time with our dinner, sat, drank wine, and surveyed the area again. The chef had made an appearance at the table next to us. I understand that one of the gentlemen at at the table was from France and that is where the Chef is from. So she made a very friendly visit. As our dinner lulled and the restaurant emptied a bit, we were hoping the chef would stop by to say hello as she was blowing out candles around us, but she left us alone with our wine. Oh well, maybe next time I'll grab her. After all there was a lot of hand holding and goo goo eyes going on at our table. Maybe she didn't want to interrupt. We did get visits from the Chefs Hunky Husband who was very courteous, and the Hostess came by again to make sure our visit was going well. Talk about great service! Vogue Bistro is a breath of fresh air in an area riddled with chain establishments. I suggest restaurant owners take notice and maybe form a restaurant row or something. Wouldn't that be cool!I have a feeling that Vogue Bistro will be on my list of places to go whenever I'm way out west. This place was fantastic and a must try!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,9/9/2008,53,112,4,10,7>I checked this place out based on reviews on Yelp. My husband is orginally from Louisiana so he is always looking to get some food from home. Upon entering we were greeted right away and told to sit where ever we liked. I was pleased they had Abita Purple Haze on tap. Abita is a beer brewed in Louisiana. Right away, off to a good start.We ordered the boudin balls as an app and they were very delicious. For our entrees I ordered the fried green tomato po boy and my husband ordered the crawfish etoufee. Everything was very good. I will definitely go back. The owner (at least I think he was the owner) talked with us and was a real friendly guy.I really hope this place does well. It is in kind of a bad spot. Unless you know it's there you would probably just pass it up.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2008,9/8/2008,79,20,9,11,8>I am a Phoenix Native, so I know something about Mexican food. But living in San Diego for a few years I realized one thing, San Diego has better Mexican food. I'm not sure why, San Diego is closer to the boarder then Phoenix is as well as having as well as having a major boarder town, TJ so close. I am always on the lookout for a great taco, yeah I'll say it, I love tacos, to me their Mexican 'meat-candy', as they seem to have the same pleasurable effects of candy when I was young. In San Diego there are so many great taco joints; fish tacos at Tidewater and The Brig, beef tacos at Sombreros, and chicken tacos at the little Roberto's stand on Carmel Valley road in Del Mar. Here in Phoenix though, 'meat-candy' is a tough find. Then there was Tacos Mexico!First off Tacos Mexico the place isn't your typical Americanized Mexican Restaurant, it's more like Mexicanized-Americanized-Mexican Food. I say this because it's Twilight Zone close to real Mexican street food. Also, the place will let you take advantage of all of that Spanish you took in high school. That's right, if you don't speak Spanish you may find yourself pointing at the menu when you order!The food here is wonderful, first the tacos are great. They're the itsy-bitsy Mexican street tacos and they are all delish. I suggest the pork carnitas tacos, the pork is slow roasted and is a reminder of the movie 'Once Upon A Time In Mexico' when Johnny Depp says the slow roasted pork is so good that after he is finished he is going to walk back in the kitchen and shoot the chef to restore balance in Mexico. Seriously, the pork is that good. The other tacos are great too though. The shredded beef is my second fave, the chicken has its on days and off days though, sometimes moist and tender other times dry. But its all good, their only a dollar apiece! $1, how could you go wrong? Next the char grilled chicken is worth the trip too! Before you enter the rear entrance you'll see a large split-drum converted grill with burning charcoal, that is where the chicken-magic happens.  The chicken is chard slightly and is moist, great flavor and texture, perfect bird. I have also ordered the enchiladas, rellenos and tostadas, all good but the tacos and chicken are the stand outs. By the way, did I mention the bar? Great Tequilas (priced very fairly) and super-iced-cold Mexican beer, perfect to wash down those eats!When entering the place you'll get the feeling your entering the set for a Robert Rodriguez film, the place is slum-meets-hip Mexican restaurant. The music is south of the boarder too, honestly the décor and music works well and promotes a fun atmosphere. One suggestion though, in the past I have ordered food to go and eaten there as well, funny thing though, your check may be more expensive if you eat in rather then get your food to go. I can't explain why, it just is. So do what I do, order your food and beer to go and eat on the back patio, beside the slow coal BBQ there are picnic tables, a sort of El-Fresco Mexican style!It seems that I am the first to review Tacos Mexico, I'm a little bummed by the fact I'm the first, considering the place has great Mexican street food. I rated the place 4 stars, if I could though I would have given the place 3.75 stars, for the communication barrier. Let me know what you think when you go and don't forget that Spanish-English dictionary!Tacos Mexico is located on the corner of 16th Street and Harvard in Phoenix. Look for a Mexican Wheel Business next door!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,11/2/2014,50,182,6,10,6>Unfortunately, I did not check out the whole restaurant because we literally was seated in the front right next to the door.  The noise level was quiet and calm, ambiance was enchanting and charming, and the service was just ok.  The server was not as attentive as I would like, but he was friendly.  We had to ask him for more waters a few times and tell him we were ready to order after waiting for at least 20 minutes.  You definitely will be spending a pretty penny (probably around $60-80/person).  The menu is extremely limited.  You get to pick one out of two options for an entree.  You are served soup first which was quite tasty.  Then a salad - watermelon, cheese, and arugula (I think).  It was pretty delectable.  I decided to order the salmon as opposed to the ribeye.  The salmon was really scrumptious.  I enjoyed every bite of it.  Then on to the dessert. Dessert was mediocre - whip cream, strawberries, and some kind of crisp wafer.  All in all, it was excellent, but I would save the visit and $$ for special occasions.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,11/1/2014,22,186,5,8,8>Well I could have sworn I wrote a review for here before...... I have been  here several times, and I almost always get the sweet and sour chicken rice bowl.... $4.30 after tax and it is enough food for two meals. The rice is great, and there is an abundance of chicken along with veggies. I got the sweet and sour pork once and it wasn't as good,; a bit more dry, and one time I tried the egg rolls and crab puffs and both were amazing. Wish they had a combo that included them like most places do, but it won't break the bank since they're $1.88 for 2. This is my favorite Chinese place I think....
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/31/2014,132,40,6,8,9>Does anyone else fist pump when an unexpected check-in offer appears? Squid Ink Sushi provides Yelpers with 50% off the purchase of your first beverage.We stopped in around 5pm for some Happy Hour sushi and wine. We sat on the patio, which wasn't the best choice with the constant noise of the Metro buses stopping directly in front of Squid Ink, and the vagrants who could hit you up for fifty cents so they can "catch the bus"--but that's not Squid Ink's fault. I'd like to recognize our server Stephanie for the great service received. She was very personable and timely with everything.We had the Tempura Calamari appetizer, which was satisfying in regards to the freshness of the squid and the complement of the spicy aioli, but the batter was just bland and lacking in any form of seasoning. We then split the Horry Fook and Philly rolls. Horry Fook roll had great texture with the firmness of the jumbo shrimp and the crunchiness of the tempura breaded jalapeño, but again the tempura just lacks in flavor. Unlike most places downtown, Squid Ink has Happy Hour seven days a week from 3-7p.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,10/30/2014,510,143,3,9,6>Chandler can be pretty darn cool. Just take a look at The Living Room, a happening indoor/outdoor bar with an attractive wait staff, tasty sangria and om nom nommable eats. Now that I work in Chandler full-time, it's quickly become my favorite go-to for happy hour and lunch, with a vibe that's more downtown Phoenix than family-filled suburbs.The place is open and airy, with the indoors spilling out to the patio, no wall dividing the two. Dark wood and burnt orange furniture decorate the space, with the funky color scheme giving the spot a Mediterranean vibe. Comfy couches surrounded by fireplaces outside are perfect for lounging, while high-tops and an expansive bar with sports televisions inside give drinkers and diners more options.The place gets packed during "normal" happy hour time, but if you're a day drinker, you're in luck, since happy hour prices are available from open to 6 p.m. Definitely try a glass of sangria ($5 during happy hour) - I loved the red version I got, since it was really fruity but strong. There's an extensive wine list, as well as a mixed cocktail selection, if fruity sangria isn't your thing.The food at The Living Room is also mighty tasty. The Caprese sandwich ($9.95), with thick mozzarella, a pesto sauce, juicy grape tomatoes and a balsamic glaze that perfectly ties everything together, is delicious. I love it with a mixed green salad with lemon caper vinaigrette - the salad reminds me of another favorite salad of mine, at The Main Ingredient in Phoenix.Even if you don't live in Chandler, I'd say The Living Room is a destination spot and should entice you to venture out South if you don't usually head that direction.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,10/29/2014,337,681,6,7,7>When I walked in the front door of this local business, I was totally blown away. How long could it take to collect so MANY comics? There were back issues of everything I could think of . . . many from my childhood days. That was a super long time ago . . . in years and in memories! I loved looking through adventures I hadn't seen in years, and looking at some comics I remember my children used to read . . . they may still do so, but they keep them hidden from mother! One of my initial thoughts was that the Giroux's must have at least one of every variety, and every character, and every subject ever memorialized in graphic art. But wait, the one thing I couldn't find, and the one thing that I would have bought on the spot was a Clayton Moore, the Real Lone Ranger, comic book. Where were they? I asked; figuring that I couldn't possibly look through every thing. The clerk said, yes he thought they had some . . . and he disappeared in a back room behind a door . . . and was gone for 5-10 minutes. I wondered if this old building had a dungeon archive like many old museums do. Eventually he showed up again and said that apparently they didn't have any right now. He said I should check back and he gave me a card so I could call and inquire. PHOOEY! SMASH! BAM! I'm going back in and ask so I can wallow in more childhood memories. HI HO SILVER!
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/28/2014,399,148,12,16,15>If my tongue could do a happy dance, it would totally do it for the food at Rigatony's! Everything from the salad, to the bread, to the appetizers, to the main dishes, it all was fantastic! I had the zucchini for an appetizer, these were delicious, nice and crispy and the batter actually had seasoning so it was quite tasty. For my main dish I split the chicken parmesan and the chicken fettuccini alfredo with my friend. Both dishes were great! Each one cooked to perfection, with very tasty seasoned sauces and nice juicy chicken! The portions at this restaurant are huge, definitely enough to take home for later! I cant wait to go back and try a few other dishes! I had to flip a coin to decide what I wanted to eat this night because I wanted to try so many different things. The only reason this didn't get a 5 star was because the wait time. Waiting to eat here is a little ridiculous. We had a reservation for 7:15 and didn't end up getting seated until 7:45 because we had a party of 9. To me that is not a huge party, but a decent size. To have to wait an extra 30 minutes for a table to eat is no fun. Especially when you have a very active and very hungry 3 year old with you. I am hoping the next time we go without reservations, the wait time isn't as long. Other than that, the staff was very friendly, our waitress was very nice and quick, great décor and kind of a "homey" vibe, great place to try!!! Good for a date, night out with friends or a family time meal!!
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,10/27/2014,170,78,4,9,9>What took me so long to try 43rd Express?!  The staff was very attentive and explained to us that we didn't have to stick to the combos, but mix and match items if we wanted to.  I had heard about the macaron ice cream sandwiches so I was very eager to try one.  I ordered the red velvet macaron with chocolate chip ice cream in the middle.   It was so good!!  I recommend eating it right away before the ice cream starts to melt.  The texture is chewy and true to the flavors you choose.  A lot macarons these days are just sweet, but this place does it right!  The owner must have seen how excited I was because he gave my husband and I each regular macaron on the house!  I thoroughly enjoyed their customer service.  Since this was our first visit to 43rd Express, we were shown how to eat the dishes by pouring a special sauce over the meal.  My dish came with a fried egg, which was cooked the way I wish all eggs would be cooked.  You can see what I mean by some of the pictures posted on Yelp.  The fried eggs are crispy underneath and around the edges, and is just so perfect.  The entree I ordered came with a bowl of broth on the side.  The flavor rich and comforting.  43rd Express is now my go-to Vietnamese restaurant in town.  Five stars!!
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/26/2014,378,474,5,13,12>This small little breakfast place in Tempe is amazing! Mark, himself is the chef! No joke. This is a small, little find of a place that one may be lucky enough to find if you don't blink.. OR if you have yelp, of course! The staff right off from entering is nice and ready to make you happy. We were instantly greeted with waters and told that the pastries were down to two because they are supposedly THAT good! We did not embide, BUT, maybe someday! I loved that they advised us of that, though. I also loved that we instantly got water without having to ask and the coffee we did ask for was on it's way shortly thereafter. From the menu, I would sum Mark's Cafe as being a Benedict place! There are almost a dozen types of Benedict's on the menu and a couple on the 'specials board'. I ordered the Neptune Eggs Benedict. I was pleasantly surprised, (as I always am in the desert), to get REAL crabmeat on this Benedict. Mark's ran out of crab for half of the Benedict, BUT the waitress was super sweet and offered any other Benedict on the menu for me with an apology. To be honest, I was full off the one half of the Neptunes already! Neptunes is obviously a crab benedict underneath the usual hollandaise, but they have a plain hollandaise and a spicy hollandaise. I highly recommend the spicier of the two. It's freshly made by Mark and that makes all the difference in the Benedict. The second half I got to replace what was missing from half of the Neptune was a special on that day: the French Benedict. Same type of typical Benedict but with proscuitto. Yum! It comes with a side of house potatoes too; yummy for that leftover hollandaise sauce! My boyfriend ordered the Biscuits and Gravy. It was a HUGE plate of just that: Biscuits with sausage gravy, both freshly made. It came with a couple of eggs and bacon too. In case, all that sausage in the gravy just wasn't gonna be enough! There was a Blueberry Pancake ordered and on the table by our friend. She asked for just one from the stack order. They happily accommodated her request. That pancake was the size of the dinner, err, breakfast plate it was on. SO huge! The blueberries come on the side for you to spoon out at your delight and are syrupy and a concoction made again, by Mark the Chef , himself. The coffee never ran empty and the staff was super nice and happy. Mark's is a small cafe. We arrived about 1130am on a Sunday and it was almost full and I would imagine it fills up with quite a wait during the busiest times on a weekend. I love a family run business that is local such as Mark's Cafe. I learned after our brunch there that day that Mark's does catering too. Good to know for any events in the upcoming holiday season! If he can perfect a Benedict and it's sauce, I can only imagine what he can do with holiday pies!
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/25/2014,336,174,12,16,13>My boyfriend and I came here for a special occasion. He had gotten a promotion at his new job within 3 weeks of working there..Amazing right?! Oh, Which he had no idea where i was taking him, nor had a surprise for him.. We got lost on the way there. Because of the the constructions. I was sooo lost, thinking this hotel should not be in a neighborhood area, haha but it was.  Just keep driving.  :)We had the three course meal. Everything was a la carte. I had the Hermosa salad. I love the fruity sauce that was in the salad. also the mash potato was very creamy and boy do I want some more. Boyfriend had steak, or did he had pork? I forgot.. he absolutely loved it.The dessert came out, I had called in advance and specifically told them to keep the dessert part a surprise. They did a wonderful job. They even came out with a congratulation card, and the staff signed it. So personal, yet what a kind gesture that was.I'll be back here again. Thank you Hermosa staff!!
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,10/24/2014,325,381,7,10,6>It's so easy to miss this place as it is tucked in behind a McDonald's, but that's what we call "a hidden gem" in the biz... "the biz" being the business of finding rad little tucked away restaurants that serve good food. I've eaten here twice over the last few years, and it didn't really register with me that it was the bomb for some reason... it was good, but I guess it was because it wasn't my neighborhood place back then. We recently moved closer to it though, so last night my girl brought me home a full cheesesteak. It was indeed "the bomb," and I realized that I should have put it on my list of great cheesesteak places a lot sooner (I don't have such a list yet, but if I did this would be on it for sure).The meat was tender, seasoned well and cooked perfectly. Most cheesesteak places use roughly the same meat and cheese (in varying quantities), but beyond that, the differences will come down to how well they cook and season the meat, and what kind of bun they use. Here, they use a good ratio of meat to cheese to bread. Not too much cheese so that it's all over your hands and everything else - just enough for flavor. I might have to try it with a tiny bit more meat next time, but really it was plenty. Every bite was perfect end to end. The bread they use was soft and chewy. Some places give you dryer or harder bread - I prefer the softer stuff because it goes along better with the savoriness of the meat.The few times I've been in there, it has been clean. The owners and staff are always really nice. I've tried talking them into doing delivery, but I don't think they're set up for that. Having eaten from here a handful of times now, I'm realizing that it's also been consistently good. It's pretty safe to bring your friend from out of town who claims he can't get a decent philly and act like you've got the angle on the best kept secret in Phoenix. The truth is, there's nothing magical about the cheesesteak in general. It's not tough to make, and as I said the ingredients are roughly the same everywhere you go (like, the meat is probably literally the same product from the same distributor). It's easy to mess it up, but it's also not terribly complicated to do it right. These places that brag about being the most authentic or legit or whatever are just blowing smoke. Also the idea that you can only get a good or authentic cheesesteak in Philly is absurd. I've had a few (one from the most famous place actually in Philly), and they're all about the same. I guess some places just achieve the highest level of greatness one can achieve with these simple ingredients, and then it just becomes a pissing match over who is more authentic or who is more from Philly or some other thing that doesn't matter. This place serves among the best cheesesteaks in the Valley, and rivals the best I've had in Philly or anywhere else. I live closer now.... I'm going to get fat.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,11/10/2010,311,459,5,12,10>Who wouldn't love a restaurant with great prices, deep fuschia walls (yes!), friendly service, great food ... and lots of parking? (Hear that, Los Reyes de la Torta?)Upon reading Daren C's review, I decided to try this place for lunch and had the pleasure of having Daren join me too. I ordered the green chili burro lunch special. The burro was huge, had large chunks of tender beef, and was nicely seasoned. The rice that came with the meal was tasty, and the beans - wow, they're knock-your-socks-off good! We tried asking the server how they got their beans to taste so extraordinarily smoky-good, and all she could (or would) tell us was that they used a certain kind of Mexican seasoned oil. Hmm, culinary secrets are sometimes hard to pry out of people. A great, generous meal for $5.35, tax included. So happy to have this gem in my neck o' the woods!
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,11/9/2010,369,124,10,14,13>I love CJ Talley's!  For the cheap drinks, friendly staff, decent food, local crowd, stellar juke box and for a small dive-ish bar, it's clean and well taken care of.CJ is a great owner who actually mingles with his patrons.  He's a younger duder who loves what he does.The tacos and chili dogs are very good.  Yes, I said chili dogs.When you get sick of paying the Vig Uptown's prices, come across the street and you'll be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,11/8/2010,29,135,5,13,11>we have a new 5 star casino Buffet in the valley and it is great!!! Rand H. and myself went there on opening day and the place was pact at about 11:00 am .I started with a great bowl of soup and then I had a plate of salad items. they had this one macaroni salad that was unreal it was so good it had sun dried tomatoes,feta cheese and barbecued shrimp in it yumm!!!! After that i tried the hot food items that were all excellent. Then it was on to my favorite part, dessert.Well they have quite a selection of mouth watering sweets but the one that really got me was this hot caramel cake. It was so good i went back for more even though i was stuffed   YUMM!!!!!!!
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,11/7/2010,247,155,10,12,12>Great sports bar.  Lots of nice big TVs, yummy wings, good drink specials (w/ a great range of beers on draft, though the two don't typically intersect so I was drinking $3 Mirror Pond Ale from a bottle poured into an icy pint glass), enthusiastic if somewhat homer crowd (I guess I just insulted myself.  Well, at least I didn't loudly protest very obvious calls against the Cards like the table next to us).  Anyway don't expect great service, though I won't complain too loud - I guess under certain circumstances I can actually be patient.  Bathrooms - at least the men's room is pretty disgusting, but I survived.  Otherwise the place is pretty nice inside - our waitress gave everyone coasters.  One minor niggle: there were a couple kids there when we first got there.  The family left around halftime and the little babies were asleep most of the time, (and mercifully quiet the entire time) but this sort of thing is simply not appropriate.  Put up a sign.  "No firearms or children allowed."
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,11/6/2010,2178,528,32,32,31>OMG DD! OMG! I'm eating my roast beef sandwich now, typing this review and pounding my hands on the table like Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally...moaning, groaning and achieving culinary orgasms. Now that's a pretty picture for ya!House roasted roast beef with a blue cheese horseradish spread, red onion, tomato and my favorite green next to Brian Austin Green...arugula! All served on a yummy artisan roll. Such a cute place with a case FULL of delicious looking temptations from crab cakes to mashed sweet potatoes to chocolates and cheeses and VINO!! Great staff...friendly and helpful. Why I'm even a proud card carrying member of their sandwich club. And I'm sure it won't take me long to earn that free heavenly sandwich!DD! Fyi...I will return to you asap!
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,11/5/2010,75,87,8,11,9>You must try the Tangerine Shrimp. My mouth is watering right now just thinking about the to-go dinner that I ordered for my bf and I from Tottie's 2 last night. Mmmmm Mmmmm Mmmmm. Scrumptiousness!But back to the Tangerine Shrimp, it's sweet, it's a little sour, it's drenched in a blackish glaze (so don't freak out if it looks like black globs of shrimp, like I did), it's surrounded by orange slices, it's fried in tempura.... and it's amazing. Judging by looks alone, this dish does not look appetizing. But what it lacks in visual appeal, it makes up for in taste. You will be missing out if you don't try it.Now on to the rest of the Tottie's extravaganza, we ordered:- Kung Pao Shrimp - Fresh and crisp vegetables chopped into little cubes, tons of whole peanuts and succulent meaty shrimp in a spicy soy flavored sauce. Peanuts and shrimp in every bite!- Scallops with Black Bean Sauce - Fresh veggies and HUUUUGE meaty scallops in the most amazingly flavorful yet light black bean sauce I've ever tasted. OMG good.- Pad Thai with Chicken - Thai stir fried noodles (not overcooked and not undercooked, instead they were moist, flavorful and cooked to absolute perfection!) yummy fried egg pieces, crisp bean sprouts, shredded carrots, flavorful chicken (it was moist! not dry at all!), and topped with millions of crushed peanuts. Pad Thai heaven.- Fried Won Tons - For only about $6 you get 10 of these little drops from heaven. Won tons encasing pork and formed into little ball-like shapes - I'm astounded that I liked these as much as I did, as I'm not a huge pork fan. But the meat inside was so moist! And flavorful! They came with a sweet and sour dipping sauce as well as a spicy mustard sauce, another true taste bud delight.Now, a couple of notes before you head on over to Tottie's 2:- Portions are pretty large. We had leftovers, but I must admit that I stuffed myself silly with food.- For the high quality of the food, the price point at Tottie's is excellent. Yeah, it's on the pricier side of Asian Fusion food, but it didn't feel like Tottie hijacked my wallet. Entree's are around $10-12 each depending on if you pick shrimp, chicken or beef (shrimp will always be the most expensive - but SO worth it, as this is high quality seafood).- Take out is an excellent option if you don't feel like eating at the restaurant. It's fast and easy.- Their online menu has sushi items on it, but if you go to the N. Scottsdale Rd location they don't serve sushi. Originally I had tried to order some but on the phone I was informed that sushi isn't on their menu - so if this is what you desire, go to the spot on East Thomas Road.Hands down, the best Asian food I've tried in the valley. I'm officially a Tottie's 2 addict. I was so immensely satisfied with this meal, and now I'm dreaming about the leftovers I have for lunch...
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,11/4/2010,117,116,13,18,11>Le Chalet has become a breath of fresh air for the Glendale/Arrowhead area, maybe even for the entire valley itself.  Such a different concept that seems to be working very well so far.   Beautifully decorated on the inside with no corners cut and great attention to detail.  Feels as if you are entering into a little French village as the doors close behind you.  There are many different crepes to choose from.  I suggest asking the server what some of the best sellers are and go from there.  Service has been exceptional each time I have visited and they even wear appropriate attire with suppenders to keep with the authenticity.While dining you'll see behind the bar two tv's that are fixated on the area where the crepes are made.  Kind of fun to see if they are making what you have ordered and exciting to see how they are prepared.  Never seen anything like this before.Before you leave you must try either the chocolate or caramel fondue for dessert.  Quite a treat that is served with apples, strawberries, brownie chunks, and cream puffs.  It is so good that it may just make you yodel on your way out from this restaurant.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,11/3/2010,736,547,2,13,11>I went to add this to my newly made list of favorite brunch spots and couldn't believe my eyes.. I hadn't reviewed PCG yet!?!If someone were to ask me what my favorite brunch dish was, without batting an eye I would respond "Griddled corn cakes from PCG of course". Take corn cakes and cook them to perfection (you know with a few corn kernels stuck in there), stuff them with chicken, green chillis, jack cheese, serve them with salsa fresco, potatoes and black beans. This would also probably be my last meal on earth if I had a choice. You feeling my taste buds? It honestly doesn't get any better. Outside of brunch, the food here is amazing.  The Rose Lane Chicken, The Surf and Turf, any of the fish dishes.. Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor. They do it right. I held my college graduation dinner here it is that good. I would recommend this to the pickiest of eaters, and it is great for groups.
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,11/2/2010,480,556,11,11,10>I was having a case of the Hump Day Blues....tired from Iruna and the Rusty Spur the night before and a long stressful day at work, all I wanted to do was go home... Until I saw it...a light brighter than no other coming from the Wednesday evening Phoenix Public Market. Usually it's Short Leash that shines with such intensity, but this evening it was TORCHED GOODNESS and their selection of Creme Brulee. My saving grace...AND they accept credit cards! [my cash-less a$$ be saved] *bells of heaven chiming in the distance* The selection seemed endless from vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, lemon, lavender, maple....oh I can't remember them all.... I decided on 2 (yes 2 chastise me later for my indulgence) ...Lemon and Lavender....wishing I had gone for the maple topped with the optional caramelized bacon, which he said he only had 3 left of those. But I made no mistake with my choices. They both were very subtle but distinct in their individual flavors. The quality of the ingredients did shine through. I am going to have to start stalking them on twitter and facebook....
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2010,10/30/2010,348,195,12,10,10>3.5 starsRemember when Hot Pockets were the best invention EVER? Well now there's a restaurant that is totally dedicated to a fancy hot pocket filled with tasty treats! Yup, Cornish Pasty Co!After promising myself that I would try this place for way too long, I decided to go with a co-worker for my first visit. For my first trip to CPC, I chose the Tikka Masala pasty. It was pretty good! I guess I was hoping for a serving of spicy, somewhat creamy, and savory tikka masala served in a hot pocket. What I got was a good hot pocket full of chicken and some sauce. Not nearly has juicy and spicy as I had imagined it would be, but still good. I chose the peanut butter and jelly pasty for a dessert to take home with me. When I got home and baked it, I took a bite and it was peanut butter and apple jelly? I was confused. It was ok.On my second trip to CPC, I had the cheeseburger pasty. That was pretty darn good! The meat was juicy and a little grease was dripping out of the pocket, which meant that it was nice and juicy! Whenever I am tempted by a hot pocket, I make sure that I head to CPC for a well made, tasty, more sophisticated version!
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,10/13/2014,100,799,10,15,13>The other day I ran across all the Yelp noise about this little 4-months new BBQ joint, and how can you say "No" to trying a place that has 66 out of 70 Reviews at 5 Stars?     :-))The last time I was here, this was La Canasta Burrito Shoppe, and in my Review it barely earned 3 Stars.  When it closed, Yelp took down all the Reviews, including mine.So now here we have "Little Miss BBQ."  The floor plan is the same as before, but it's squeaky clean inside now.  Robyn N. and Norm R. joined me for this lunch today and I ordered a 2-Item Combo Plate with 2 slices of Beef Brisket and one large, meaty Pork Spare Rib.  For sides I went with the Cheesy Jalepeño Grits and beans.  Also, a couple of slices of white bread were provided, plus slices of pickle , onion and Jalepeño.This order was expensive, at $15.  The going price for such a plate of BBQ around the Valley is $11 or less except for $15 at The Barbecue Company's monthly Buffet feast.  It had better be good!     :-OFirst off, owner Scott was super nice and friendly.  When we had arrived a little before opening time, we were treated to comfortable patio chairs to relax in and a misty overhead awning to keep the outdoor temperature nice.  Then the small dining room was completely comfortable and OMG, the food!  This was quite possibly the best BBQ I have ever eaten.  Everything was just perfect.Forgive the homely comparison, but this place reminded me of my car dealer, Earnhart Hyundai of North Scottsdale.  I pay a little more for service there, but they know how to make it a real pleasure to visit the place.  THIS IS THAT, and don't miss letting Scott's dad give you a "tour" of the smoker!     :-))
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,10/12/2014,234,226,22,21,19>Found out through Shannon E. The Fractured Prune's Grand Opening was today, and wasted no time hustling over on my break! Apparently, some other guy didn't either: "I drove all the way out here from Apache Junction for a dozen!" When I walked in I was immediately greeted by Marilyn. She talked me through their custom donut process: Selecting a custom glaze and toppings before handing off your card to a doughnut designer.Think combinations like Dreamsicle, Chocolate Covered Cherry, Maple Bacon. Decided on two Mint Chocolate Chip doughnuts: One for me to scarf down at work, one for Andrew C for later. Because he might murder me later for going alone. And I'm not a self-centered, lameface lady friend. Doing "Nice things" goes both ways, ladies. These donuts aren't sitting around in a case, either. Custom means made when you order. Got back to work and took a bite. Still piping hot, minty, chocolatey, practically melting in my mouth as I ate it. This is really a four star review masquerading as a five star: I love the custom concept; however, I'm more of a "classic doughnut" gal: Think Old Fashioned Kruller with some chocolate on it. The customer service is what bumped the rating up to five stars! Now go, take a doughnut break. Meanwhile, I'll resist inhaling Dude's while waiting for him to pick it up!
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,10/11/2014,1992,234,28,27,26>**Warning****Warning****Warning**This review is NSFW (Not Safe For Work). You might just end up reading it, calling in sick, *cough*, *cough*, catching a ride (cab, light rail, uber, lyft, friend, bicycle, skateboard, roller skates, shoes, or slippers) and spending your day at Hanny's instead.Hanny's has a special place in my heart. Oh, Hanny's. You're close enough to my house to be an easy light rail destination, and just far enough for me to stay away most of the time. "Dangerous curves ahead" doesn't even begin to cover the tepidness one should take while ordering your $5 martini's, especially when you order them on the rocks, in a tumbler glass, and a couple of limes to dress it up instead. Your $5 martini special is always special and that's just why I like you, you make every hour happy and not just the hours between 3pm and 6pm ;-)The one complaint I hear from most people and many reviews is that at Hanny's, there's no Happy Hour, I think you just have to know to order their $5 martinis. I generally consider happy hours to be happy only when they come coupled with a decent drink selection AND food selection, but those martini's, they make up for it.Happy Yelping Phoenix, set your limit at two, possibly even one, be sure you've got a DD and have the happiest of hours.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,10/10/2014,168,339,8,12,8>As promised, I did return to Wilderness Brewery to give it another chance to wow me into thinking why they got the award for "best new brewery in the world".  Well, I ended up having the sampler and tried several other beers that they did not have last time.  And yes, I was finally impressed!  I had some amazing beers on our last visit.  I did say that the IPA is amazing, really the best IPA for a local brewery here in AZ.  But what really got me was the Dos Cabezas IPA.  It was an double IPA that really reminded me of my favorite beer of all time, Russian River "Pliny the Elder".  Saying this is a huge compliment!!!!  This beer was fantastic.  I love double IPAs, especially ones don't taste so strong.  I wish they would have offered to get a growler of this!We ended up taking home a growler though, the Refuge IPA.  On a side note, I sat at the bar and I accidently ordered the wrong beer for a pint after our sampler.  The bartender, wish I would have gotten her name, said no problem and gave me the one that I really wanted to say.  That was very nice.Ok Wilderness, I have to admit that at first I wasnt too impressed with the beer...but this time I totally was.  I still wish that they would have more beers on tap, but I think becuase it is such a small brewey, they can't hold on to much beer.  This brewery is super busy on both times I have visited.  Maybe they will look to expand so they can make more beers??  Oh well, I still have to rate Wilderness towards the top of my favorite local breweries no matter what!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,10/9/2014,44,178,3,7,6>I took myself to the Otro Cafe for my Birthday today.  This is one of those nice independent places you might not find if you weren't looking for it.  I knew it was there and because my favorite pharmacist recommended it, I decided why not.The food was interesting, I had the three enchiladas each with a different sauce.  I found I was expected to get all three with the same ingredients.  Because it was my birthday, and the cook was new, they let me get two vegetable and one chicken. I think i was there on the right night to be able to have gotten that substitution.  I won't plan on it happening again if I go on another night. When your server tells you about the sauces listen to.  What they describe as spicy will be.  The ingredients are fresh and tasty.  I do think I preferred the vegetable enchiladas but thought a bit more cheese in them would have been a nice touch.  More modern Latin food is served here. Some I haven't tried so Iplan on going back to try some of the other items on the menu.  What I saw coming out to other diners looked intriguing.  I say the prices are moderate but that doesn't include alcohol.  If you have drinks, I don't know.Nice interior that is clean and simple.  I like that with some interesting art on the walls.  They have a nice patio out front.Parking is not a problem at all and it is easy to find.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,10/8/2014,139,117,4,8,9>I've hiked several trails here at South Mountain.  The Kiwanis trail does not disappoint.  It is short enough to do a quick hike or you can extend it to the national trail and keep going.  This trail was just perfect for the beginner hikers I was with as it offered just enough inclines to feel like a real work out without making you feel like you couldn't finish.  There are many other trails to follow that you could hike a new one every week for a long time and never have to do the same one twice.  The summits offer beautiful views of the city while showcasing some old stone work houses and rest stations.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/7/2014,331,207,8,10,8>A late dinner with sister and some friends on a Tuesday night. First time at this downtown location.  The advantage of coming late is free parking and no need to circle endlessly to locate a parking space. It can be such a nightmare finding parking spaces in downtown Phoenix.   I think the restaurant is smaller than the Scottsdale location. There were a few of large parties that night.  Luckily, we found a table near the door.  It wasn't the most ideal table since you can feel the heat from outside.  Service wasn't too attentive that night.  We had a hard time finding our Waitress after placing our orders. A friend actually asked if the owner worked here, lol.  The Bartender was awesome tho!        We had ordered a few POMO classic pizzas, Capricciosa, Pomo, and Regina margherita. I have been craving for more slices since they were at the Yelp's Downtown Revival. Kids had their cheese pizza. They wanted pepperoni but wasn't listed on the menu.  If you ask, they will customize it for you.  It came as the same as the Regina Margherita but just with pepperoni thrown on top.  Who needs to wait forever at Pizzeria Bianco when you can still have fresh wood-fired oven pizza at POMO.  I'm glad they opened another location in dt Phoenix. My sister and a friend ordered the mojito.  I got a sip of the drink.  It was on the sweeter side but still refreshing and delicious.  I would order it next time. Caution if you are lightweight drinker, consider sharing the mojito.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,10/6/2014,1078,310,5,8,10>Durants is a great option for a nice dinner or to celebrate a special occasion. I have to say that I enjoyed the look and vibe of this old school, romantic, mobster-ish joint a tad more than I enjoyed the actual food.  Had to go with the prime rib, which was good and large so come with an appetite!  You definitely want to make a reservation but luckily I was able to get in same day (during spring training) So that was much appreciated. Tip-have a martini!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,10/5/2014,26,83,4,7,5>Good movies just like home, no pressure to put on makeup or anything. The seats are super comfortable and the atmosphere is super homey. Every movie I've seen there has been awesome!! The owner has great taste.You can get a beer and popcorn, which is awesome in my opinion. What more can I say? Buy your tickets in advance and enjoy a great movie with friends or on your own.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,10/4/2014,337,1178,6,14,9>Make no mistake, this isn't fine dining, nor is it authentic Chinese food. Beijing Express excels in your typical Americanized Chinese fast food, with old stand bys such as General Tso's chicken and chop suey. We stopped by for an eat-in experience, and browsed through the menu before deciding on kung pao chicken, eggplant in garlic sauce, and tofu with broccoli. Service was friendly, fast, and efficient as our order was prepared and served in near record time. I appreciated that we were served a little bag of crispy wonton strips with sweet and sour sauce, with some egg drop soup. The soup was piping hot and a generous portion. When our meals came out, they were a heaping portion on the styrofoam plate, with plenty of rice to go with it. The kung pao chicken had a nice heat to it, from the added mixture of whole dried red chilis, while the eggplant and tofu had more of a sweet brown sauce. While our food tasted fresh and flavorful, make no mistake this isn't in any way healthy, as the sauces were an unctuous mixture, glistening with oil. There were plenty of leftovers to take back from ordering 3 dishes for just the two of us. Each dish was under $10, most of them hovering around the $7 range. They do not have a soda fountain, and all drinks are by the bottle.Generally, if you are craving some fast food Chinese, this is definitely a good option for price, freshness, and quantity.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,2/25/2014,331,202,9,12,11>Don't let the blase exterior (with the exception of the amazing mural) fool you at this joint... it's MUCH bigger than it looks from the outside.  The only food I tried was their margherita pizza, which was fresh and tasty - but far from my favorite.  I will reserve judgment on the rest of the menu items until I try, but their beer selection is just impeccable.  Rotating taps with every kind imaginable, a great happy hour, and friendly service = must try if you love beer.  I really loved the open design, the back patio (especially between October and May) are perfect for this part of Phoenix.  It's like, for a moment, you forget where you are.  Very zen like, and peaceful place to enjoy a drink - at least until they get busy, and then it's still great, just not as quiet.  MUST TRY if you're needing a drink downtown, I will surely be back.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/24/2014,455,177,15,22,24>It is really hard to believe that I have yet to write a review of The Lost Leaf. The Lost leaf used to be the place to be. I guess it still is. I love it anyway. Just not on a first Friday. Too many people on that night. I like it on a  Monday when Jiggle or Running from Bears might be playing a little something. Free jazz and there is no cover also. You wont find any fruity cocktail or smokey concoctions at this bar. Strictly beer and wine. I think they even have a few taps now. Love the craft selection. They have something for every beer drinker in phoenix. The wine selection is the tits as well. They don't serve food though so you should plan on eating before or after or not at all. There are a few good places around the way. And the bar tenders are super appreciative if you bring them tacos... hahaha. I like ending up here as we stroll through downtown Phoenix. Its not too casual but not too... stuffy (?) I guess. I can't find a word for it. But Its different. Its one of those places where you can make new friends and always run into a few old ones! Tells you who my fiends are... :D These bar tenders are my favorite though. Not to mention I found my love of craft beers 5/6 years ago at this very bar. So, it will always have a special place in my heart.
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/23/2014,185,219,14,16,14>I don't really like Italian food.... there, I said it, it's true. You can begin submitting your hate mail. When anyone asks the question, "What do you want to eat?" Italian will rarely, if ever, come out of my mouth. However, that may have been changed by North Frattoria Italiana. Many of my Phoenix Yelp friends have been to and speak highly of North. I just realized that I can literally walk there from my home. At times, I'm completely oblivious to my surroundings. All this time, North has been sitting here, and I haven't taken advantage of it. Well, today that has all changed.We came here tonight because my offspring loves Italian food... He may not actually be mine. I'm kidding, he's mine, bought and paid for. The first thing I noticed about North was the setting. Unlike the typical Mamma Mia... Ay you's guys... Ooh La La (actually I think that last one's French) atmosphere, North has a farm house feel. The staff was even wearing plaid shirts and jeans. I liked that laid back feel. I'm a country boy at heart so the farm-esque tone was comforting.We started our food journey with the calamari and a seasonal chef board:The calamari was okay. The breading was a bit heavy and I thought it took away from the flavor and feel of the calamari. It's not something I would get again.The seasonal chef board was good. It consisted of brussel sprouts, squash, asparagus, mushrooms, some kind of cheese and a few slices of really good bread. I liked it, but it was more for my lady. The veggies fixation is her thing.For my main dinner I got the Ricotta Gnocchi. It's braised beef short rib with gnocchi served in a horseradish crema and wilted arugula. I love short rib, but I'm not a huge fan of horseradish. I asked our server her opinion and she assured me it all complimented each other. She was absolutely right. It was excellent. The short rib was very tender and the crema, meat and gnocchi all worked perfectly. Excellent.I could have ended the meal there and been content, but we didn't. For dessert we ordered the Tiramisu and Bombolini: The tiramisu is served in a glass container rather than in sliced cake form, and is covered in playful little chocolate balls. I liked the presentation. It was cool looking and tasted great. The bombolini are Italian donuts. They had cinnamon and sugar on the surface and were plated on a lemon/vanilla mascarpone pudding-like bed. It all worked well together and my son, who is a bit of a "donut expert", thought they were very good. Overall, this was a wonderful experience. Everyone walked away happy and I found an Italian place that I could see myself frequenting... for that, 5 stars is in order.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,2/22/2014,1061,85,5,19,11>La Perla Café is family owned/operated and has been around for YEARS. I went there with my wife Carol for dinner. Carol got the #23 combo (Tostada, enchilada & a taco) she totally devoured her meal so I know she liked it. When she was done there was nothing left on her plate. I got the Cimichanga dinner w/ rice and refried beans. My entrée was mouthwatering scrumptious. It was well-prepared, flavorful and came out sizzling hot. OMG, the food is SO GOOD here, all the way down to their terrific salsa!  Every bite of it was just stellar!Outstanding Mexican comfort food. Excellent service from Sandra, our waitress. This place is has excellent food and the prices are reasonable in addition the quality is top notch.One of the other greatest parts of the meal was the 3 different salsas they serve with their home made chips. They come in small carafes with the food.  All three salsa were extremely flavorful in a way totally unique to La Perla Café. Their salsa unlike most places is less spicy and more flavorful. Its also not so thick. If you love Mexican food you really owe it to yourself to check out La Perla. FOOD: Top quality Mexican food - MUY DELICIOSO!!! SERVICE: The people are very nice, helpful and caring. They truly want you to enjoy the food they make for you. PRICE: Comparable to other Mexican restaurants.  AMBIANCE: Rustic western steakhouse atmosphere. CONCLUSION: AMAZING FAMILY OWED MEXICAN RESTAURANT! A truly wonderful establishment. I cant believe how long its been around and how nice and hospitable everyone there was. I love supporting independent, family run business.  Props to La Perla Café for staying authentic through the years. If you love Mexican food definitely  visit this restaurant. RETURN FACTOR 100%. ************************* What does my OVERALL rating mean?*************************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,2/21/2014,1632,260,12,20,16>I was first introduced to Tomos in celebration of my brother and my girlfriend's birthday.  Since then, it's become my favorite sushi joint in the west valley!Tomos keeps their restaurant dimly lit and there's plenty of bar space [sushi and alcohol] available.  I've only been here for dinner so I have yet experienced their lunch or Happy Hour special but I can't imagine those being anything less than delicious.  For appetizers, their monkey balls, soft shell crab, the ninja jalapenos, and oyster shooters are delicious [warning:  raw quail egg].  Some of my favorite rolls are the Passion of Fire [pity they don't bring this lit on fire anymore], the Dysart Roll, Crunch Roll, Cowboy Roll, Dragon Roll, Spider Roll, and Popcorn Lobster.  The sashimi is always thickly cut and Ocean Salad is great too.While Tomos isn't the absolute best place for sushi, if you're in the west valley, it's probably your safest bet for fresh sushi.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,2/20/2014,2276,947,41,56,51>Sadly Al's Beef is gone but Fired Pie is a nice addition to the Northsight neighborhood!  I came here today for a late lunch. There were no cars parked in front and the inside was cavernously and deserted. Fired Pie I've learned believes their market is providing "a fast, casual and customizable options for your pizza or salad desires. We use local brews, organic foods, cognizant of sustainability and the ..."  Yeah, yeah but do they make a good pie?  In a word, yes. This, in some ways, is the pizza world's answer to Jimmy Johns. In essences, "Pizza so Fast you'll Freak!"  LOL  They cook their pies in a wood fired 700° F degree oven, so they're done in less than four minutes. Nice!The crust is ultra thin and the toppings are very good (see photos). I'm not sure if one individual 10" pie will satisfy you if you have a hardy appetite. But I thought it was very good and filling.  I had the Tomato & Basil, which has the look of a Margherita pizza, but Fired Pie adds garlic and several types of cheeses for a nice taste.  The cost was a fair $7.75 (not including tax) and seems like a good alternative to the sandwich/subs guys over near the 101 and Pima.  Specialty pizzas are $2.00 extra. So Three and half Stars+, A-Okay!
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,2/19/2014,421,233,9,13,13>A shining beacon in downtown Chandler beckoning all drinkers and beer enthusiasts alike. My first trip here I experienced the winter warmer, the Thanksgiving seasonal weighing in at 9.5% ABV. Don't let the ginger snaps (served alongside the beer) fool you, this ginger-spiced ale will keep you warmed far into the night. Another beer worth trying all year-round is the Devil's Ale, one of their 'lighter' options. San Tan is a vibrant, energetic place. Recently, we sat on the patio admiring the lights adorning the shops and street. It was chilly out but the heaters were keeping us nice and toasty. Need something to go with your beer? The decent sized menu is sure offer something you'll like. For appetizers, try the hummus and pretzels, both big enough to share. Avoid the chips and dip. The Mac N Cheese burger was pretty incredible but they all sound really good.  After hearing about San Tan for years, I'm happy to call it one of my favorite bars in AZ.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,2/18/2014,736,547,12,16,13>If you are lucky enough to find a seat at this cozy, vintage little gem you will never want to leave. This is an awesome happy hour spot with great wines and craft beer. The bartender/owner is friendly, funny and very knowledgeable about his pours. (And shares my father's name - hey Greg Allen!!)! They serve baked good, treats, cheese plates and other nosh items. It truly is a neighbor bar because I run in to people I know every time I come in. Do me a favor and don't tell your friends about this place. It's almost too cool to share
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,2/17/2014,446,326,10,13,12>This is reason number 37 why I don't make resolutions. ..fried food tastes good! In moderation,  of course.And they do it right! Mostly come here when I get a hankering for fried cod, but I have also sampled the fried clams. If my cardiologist is reading this, I was forced to go here at gunpoint. Ice cold beers, fish fried well, slaw is tasty also. They also have an outdoor patio area which is heated for our chilly winter nights.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,2/16/2014,507,585,11,10,14>(Lyrics - Spice Girls - I Wannabe)LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantLoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantI wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna reallyReally, really want some Chicken & WafflesIf you want some cool-aid, get some on tapIf you wanna get some breakfast, better make it lastNow don't go wasting these pieces of chickenGet your appetite together, and we will be just fine.LoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantLoLo!, I'll tell you what I want, what I really really wantLoLo tell me what you want, what you really really wantI wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna reallyReally, really want some Chicken & WafflesLo-Lo's Chicken and Waffles has been around the Phoenix are for quite some times and has been a local favorite for many reasons.  Chicken and waffles? Yes, indeed it is a deadly combination!  If you ever need to carbo load I tell ya this is your place.  I generally can't eat a lot so I opt out on the sha-bang of 3 pieces of chicken, 2 waffles, grits, 2 eggs, and cheese.  Yeah tell me about it!  That's a lot of food!  Yummy though!  I go for the Shee-dah's Special; 1 breast, wing, and waffle.  Overall, I love it!  Nice succulent chicken and syrup induced waffles!  By god, what have you done to us!  I can't complain about obesity problems in America especially when you come to Lo-Lo's; instead embrace it haha!  I did indeed tried the Kool-Aid on tap.  Personally, I don't think I can handle so much sugar in a beverage!  Once you take a swig; you're thirsty for water!In the end, Lo-Lo's deliver what they say; Chicken & Waffles.  Service is real attentive and overall the food is a must try if you never had chicken & waffles! - Enjoy!
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,11/27/2013,442,101,7,8,9>I have a lot of love for this Four Peaks location.  It all started when I moved to Arizona 7 years ago and lived right down the street from Four Peaks and a few years after that it was the first place that I met Paul V. (my fiance).  This was a usual place for my friends and I to come for some food and drinks.  Some of my favorite foods here include the 5 Layer Nacho Dip with Chicken, Spinach Artichoke Dip (spicy), Grilled Chicken Beer Bread with french fries (my favorite item), Portabella Veggie Beer Bread, and the Reuben.  I really like the atmosphere and the service is usually pretty good.  Once in awhile the service can get slow, but overall it's OK.  My favorite beer here is the 8th Street Ale, but the Hefeweizen comes in pretty close too.  If you are coming here to watch a game, come early because it gets packed.If you're looking for a chill place to have some beer or even food, I'd check it out!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,11/26/2013,736,547,8,9,10>Quite possibly the best street style fish taco I have had in Phoenix. The generous portion of fish was heavily seasoned and lightly breaded, the result was pure heaven. I also ordered the flour quesadilla, refried pinto beans, carne asada and al pastor tacos. The refried beans were creamy and the queso in the quesadilla was awesome. I washed that all down with a bottled coke and rolled myself home. You may want to give yourself some time if you come here during lunch, by 11:30 the line was out the door. Apparently I am not the only one that knows how delicious this little dive is!
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2013,11/25/2013,156,158,6,7,10>Yes yes, the pretzel fondue, of course.  But also, the salted caramel custard.This is something I would not normally order, but at lunch for a coworkers birthday this was brought out and I'm glad it was. So good.I had the shrimp Cesar too, and was impressed.The ice tea was also tasty.Looking through the drink menu I will be back, after work instead of during, so I can give them a shot!
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/24/2013,222,349,4,12,6>So awesome I had to write my review while I was still here, letting the food settle to make room for more!They've only been open for 2 weeks now, so they are still pretty empty (taking the old space of Lao Thai). Quiet-ish pop music plays in the background with a few tvs turned to sports (sound off). Owner (or manager?) says they are working to get karaoke set-up so that will be hilarious in the future. My "opening specials" were different than what is posted in yelp images, FYI. Regardless, I grabbed a $5 cab and ventured to the full menu for some yummy miso ($2) and the Blazing Alaska roll ($9). The wait staff were super friendly and attentive. I see myself becoming a regular here!
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,11/23/2013,145,390,7,7,6>I hauled my a&* up to North Scottsdale (which I loathe to do ) in order to eat here. I'm so happy that they finally landed in Old Town.  Delicious burgers and a quality beer list.  I'm a beer snob and actually do know my beers.  They have a decent selection of high volume beers and I was delighted to see some of my favs on their list.  The patio is huge and there are tons of tvs.  I have a feeling this is going to be a great spot to watch sports.Now, it's not cheap.  You do pay a bit for a burger.  However, the burgers are enormous.  I couldn't finish my truffle burger so perhaps splitting one between two would help you feel like less of a pig and allow more cash for beers!
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/22/2013,116,463,5,7,8>I've been out to the actual Queen Creek Olive Mill and it's a wonderful place for a day trip. If you don't live out in Queen Creek, it's a bit far though if you're craving something from their cafe or want to purchase some of their products. Behold! There is the Biltmore location that sells Queen Creek olive oils and vinegars as well as products made with their olive oil. They also have a cafe that sells delicious goodies-we got to sample some of their olive oil cupcakes! Their products make great gifts too when you want to give someone a local AZ product! Glad to know this store is here!
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/21/2013,421,233,6,10,9>Let me tell you about the amazing breakfast I had last Sunday. Having mentally bookmarked Biscuits Cafe several times, we finally pulled the trigger to check it out. On the outside, the restaurant is unassuming, so I'll do the bragging for them. Despite it looking busy, we were seated right away. Our waitress came by to wish us a good morning and pour us coffee and water. Their coffee mugs have a sleek black design with their red logo - also for purchase on the way out. We pored through the menu calling attention to the great variety of breakfast specialties: Corned beef hash, black oak kielbasa, chicken apple sausage... I could go on. I ordered the Kielbasa, that came with two eggs, hash browns and a choice of biscuits, toast or pancakes. I chose the biscuits, which were soft and warm, tearing apart easily for me to lather on butter and what tasted like strawberry preserves. I don't often share amazing food, but I had to give my girlfriend a taste so she could see what I was raving about. Let me also point out that the hash browns are no ordinary helping. They overflow along the sides of your plate, offering a wonderfully tasty crunch and fresh potato underneath. And, the Kielbasa had just enough spicy, smoky tenderness to satisfy even the pickiest of sausage fans.If my girlfriend hadn't ordered the Avocado Benedict, I would have. Fans of poached egg and hollandaise creations, look no further! These come with tomato and avocado, hash browns or red potatoes. Well assembled and not runny or soggy. Definitely in my top 3 of Benedict's ever tasted.It was hard to leave food on my plate, but I had to. I was just too full to keep going. I can't wait until the next Sunday morning when I can come back for Round 2!
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,11/20/2013,145,177,7,8,8>Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, and Matt sure likes his eggs and bacon in the morning hours!  I was actually able to get into their newest location and sit a the bar.  I'm not a big lady but the stools were tiny and I kept slipping off the stool. The staff and service was great.  She was busy however able to fill up my coffee cup without being asked.  I ordered the omelet with cheddar, mushrooms and of course bacon with hash browns and white toast.  Surprisingly the toast and jam, I really enjoyed the most! The omelet was filled with melted cheese, grilled mushrooms and bacon.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and overall the dish was tasty.   Matt's prides itself for making everything from scratch or most of it.  And it is really good, if you are into traditional bacon and egg kind of dishes for breakfast.  The coffee was actually really good and didn't leave a bitter taste.  I would recommend getting there earlier than later due to Matt's reputation in the Valley. The place does get crowded even if it's in a bigger location. Next time: Waffles!
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,11/19/2013,82,143,6,79,12>This isn't your average hike.  This review is for 1st timers.  I don't want to come off brazen, but visitors find out real quick and usually are not prepared to handle this beast of a mountain.  I think the local concierge's and hotels do a disservice when they encourage people to hike it.  Especially if they haven't had any hiking experience.  So if you are reading this and haven't done Camelback before or really hiked here's what I suggest:1)There are 2 trails: Echo Canyon and Cholla Trail.  Do the Cholla Trail as it's the less strenuous of the 2.  Currently Echo Canyon trail is closed until late October or November I believe.  2)Be prepared to commit 2+ hours going all the way to the top and back down...and that's on the Cholla Trail. Experienced hikers in amazing shape usually take 35 min to 1 hour just to get to the top.  3)Water-if you don't have a Camelbak water pack, I'd suggest buying one of those waist band water holders.  You will need to climb and use your hands and you can't do that with a bottle of water in your hands.  Plan on at least 60+ oz of water. You'll thank me I assure you.  It's a mountain..there's not water fountains along the way or even at the beginning of trail head on Cholla Trail side.  So buy water ahead of time to last you.  4)Currently the Cholla Trail is only one available. Everyone parks off Invergordon Rd on the street and then you'll have to walk up through a residential neighborhood just to get the trail entryway.  If you are very winded by the time you even get to the trail head, I recommend you don't attempt to do go all the way to the top.  Go for as long as you can and no shame tackling it another time when ready.  5)Bring your camera in a pack or use your cell phone camera-There are some amazing views of Paradise Valley Mansions, golf courses and resorts (Phoenician, Camelback Resort, Sanctuary, Mountain Shadow, and at the top a 360 view of entire valley)6)Respect other hikers-People going up the trail have the right away.  So stop if you are coming down and let them pass if the trail is too narrow.  7)Don't be a hero-Last I checked there wasn't an event in Olympics of fastest down the mountain.  I've seen many people fall and even one guy go off the mountain and was in real bad shape stabbed by lots of cactus needles.  Until you get really experienced, and even then, I wouldn't recommend running down Camelback.  Too dangerous and breaking a leg or spraining an ankle for what?8)Use the bathroom before you even get there.  There are no bathrooms at Cholla Trail side.  So make sure you are all good to go beforehand.  The Echo Canyon side once open I believe will have bathrooms.  9)Sunscreen-Wear it...bring some with you.  It's usually always sunny here so make sure you use some.10)Shoes-I can't stress this enough.  While if you are only planning on hiking the trail 1 time, running shoes should suffice, but go slow..they are slippery spots and they aren't the ideal for the conditions.  If you have the cash, go to sporting goods store and get either trail hiker athletic shoes or hiking boots, depending on your style.  I'm more athletic and like to get after it more so I use the spiked rubber Adidas brand.  Talk to shoe guy there who will likely be in the know as well.  11)Attire-You will be sweating greatly.  Guys-shorts, workout shirt.  Girls-shorts or yoga pants/capris.  This isn't a nice leasurely stroll where you can wear jeans and tennis shoes. (or in 1 case I saw a woman in dress boots and a long jean skirt...really?)  Many people wear visors or hats as well and sunglasses.  Up to you but I don't like sunglasses because I'm always wiping sweat out of my eyes. I've seen many people with bandannas as well. 12)Enjoy yourself and don't push yourself too hard!-It's a great mountain to stop and look around and get pictures and videos and talk to other hikers along the way.  13)Follow the dots-There are blue dots and signs along the way.  If in doubt, wait for other hikers to show you the way.  It can be very confusing and even life threatening if you go the wrong way. So be aware of where you are going.  14)Don't go off trail-that's where rattlesnakes and other problems can happen.  Don't disturb the natural habitat there on the mountain and treat it with respect.  Do not litter! 15)Car/Valuables-Should be a no brainer but lock your car doors and do not leave valuables in plain sight in your car while you hike. I've seen shattered glass along Invergordon from peoples cars being broken into.  So put all valuables in trunk or don't bring them at all.  Yes, even in broad daylight.  Thieves know you are on the mountain and can easily smash and grab and take off in seconds.  I hope this review is helpful and at the end of the day enjoy yourself! It's paradise out here in Scottsdale!  Enjoy!
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/18/2013,446,326,13,19,18>Checked out the new digs for the first time this weekend. While I miss the old spot, it is great to see this joint grow and build on their foundation of killer eats and friendly service. I had my usual, two thighs, a waffle and a bowl of greens washed down with a tasty unsweetened ice tea. Still boss.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,7/8/2012,369,124,4,9,8>I'm craving a Tinga taco just writing this review.  I love Cien Agaves' tacos!  You can order them individually, as part of a meal with beans and rice, or a platter of 10 for $35.  Pork, carne asada, chicken, potato, lobster..you name it, they have it.  Whether you like mild or spicy, are not a meat eater, whatever... You'll find the perfect taco for you.Their patio is basically a narrow walkway with wobbly tables.  That's the only negative here in my book.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,7/7/2012,189,498,5,7,7>I went here a couple of weeks ago for a Smunch get together.  We had a group of about 10 spread across two tables.  This was sort of a basic breakfast/lunch place but a bit on the larger side and with lots of diners it had a good feel to it.  Service was great and they did not bat an eyelash at the few special requests made.My first menu choice was eliminated because they did not have gravy that morning so I went with the potato pancakes.  Not impressed, they were very sweet owing to the onions chosen and were thin and burnt a bit around the edges.  The side of corned beef hash however was excellent, shaved corned beef mixed with their rosemary potatoes.Being a half hour drive in the wrong direction I wouldn't go back on my own but I would certainly recommend it for a meeting place with somebody in the area.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/6/2012,67,211,6,8,5>It was my first visit.  All my co workers have been talking  about this place....with that said,  ..........walking up to this establishment is not impressive.  Please do not take a 1st date here.  All I have heard is about the expansion..and thank goodness!! This place is dark, the staff look like they are all on tour of some skating boarding ESPN tour  in town.BUT!!!!The staff  (who look like skateboarders) were great!  Each one of them so friendly, polite and very attentive. Beer selection-par none...excellent selection on tab.  The expansion section is inviting for large groups...which was perfect for our work HH.MENU- as my friend would say......UNBELIEVABLE!I took home a Carne Asada concoction and it was sooooo good.  The calzone idea is great! When you can come up with creative stuffing you can't go wrong.  Ambiance 3 ..too dark for me Staff  5+ -very friendly, attentive & politeFood 5+- the calzone spin -UNBELIEVABLE...so good.  even take home.Beer 5 -great selection on tab......can't get that everywhere.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,7/5/2012,67,97,6,7,7>What a fantastic neighborhood restaurant. The type of place that makes me want to move to old town.  And such a great Saturday night crowd! A perfect demographic mashup that felt more like Santa Barbara than Arizona.  For dinner I ordered the panini with prosciutto and caramelized onions. It was very tasty but arrived at our table a little too cold. My butternut squash soup on the other hand was piping hot and excellent. Just right for a chilly January evening. Unfortunately I was a little under the weather on this particular evening so I couldn't drink any of the wine but I am feeling better now and look forward to returning and getting a nice red wine buzz started.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,7/4/2012,224,119,5,6,6>Totally a fan of this place since before I joined the Military in 04. We enjoy coming to this place to forget about our diet and it's one of my favorite "dive's" ever. The Jade chicken is the bomb, the hot sauce is tangy sweet and they go well together in a burro or quesidilla. The Jerk fried rice is great, and the Jerk / Pollo Diabllo are great spicy options. I always leave this place so full I'm sick so I guess it's a great place to get out and try. Be sure to take samples if you are new so you can really tell what you like. Guy F was here and he had this expression of indulgence which I seem to mirror every time I eat here. Some say it's hit or miss but this place has never been a miss for me.Viva la Bandido!
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,7/3/2012,509,228,5,9,8>I drive by this place everyday and have never been inside, so yesterday I was feeling the urge for something new and stopped in.  Many items on the menu looked delicious and the pizza smelled awesome, but that sounded like too much food...I ended up ordering the Italian Sub and the Cheesy French Bread with marinara to-go.  I did not realize the sub came with a side of fresh cut fries, so it ended up being a ton of food, but I was not disappointed!  The French bread is made in-house and tastes good.  It came with Italian spices sprinkled over the top and the perfect amount of cheese, not to mention perfectly cooked (little crispy along the edge).  The only negative, it was a bit skimpy on the yummy marinara sauce.  The Italian sub was also tasty, no special meat or anything but delicious nonetheless.  The fresh cut fries were a pleasant surprise considering I didn't realize they came with my order :) The service was great and the gentleman at the counter was very helpful and informative.  Chizona's has been around 11 years and has a Midwestern vibe inside.  Lots of Chicago sports memorabilia on the walls and the smell of pizza, hot-dogs, and pizza puffs...yum!  I should note for all the Chicagoans that it is NOT deep-dish Chicago style pizza, but it looked good (have not tried it yet).  If you want to deliver, he informed me there is a $10 minimum. Also, they have walk-in specials (i.e.  Vienna beef hot-dog, fries and a drink for $4.99).  I have no doubt, I will be back for more!
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,7/2/2012,99,107,4,9,6>Who knew in midst all of the Mexican restaurants, you'd find a diamond in the rough for Chinese food.  Arizona doesn't have many Chinese restaurants to begin with, however this place rivals the places in CA.  It's not the place for ambience or mood, but the food is the most important for the Chinese and this place is great for dinner or dim sum.  Notes for ordering dishes:I loved the garlic pea sprouts/shoots.  Not all Chinese restaurants this vegetable, but this place makes have it fresh and crunchy and just enough garlic flavor to give it that extra pizzazz.  What I noticed is that this place serves unique fried noodles.  Perfect for vegetarians, this place actually cooked crispy fried noodles unlike most other Chinese restaurant that just comes out with soggy noodles.  Another dish I recommend is their spiced salt tofu. (jiao yan tofu).  Well anything with the spiced salt (jiao yan).  They deep fry the small pieces of tofu or whatever other "jiao yan" producing a crunchy crust and mix it with a salty seasoning and jalapenos.  Great for an appetizer!  My family and I also had their steamed whole fish.  Light flavor and prepared beautifully with the entire moist fish out on the table.  Just the sauce and rice alone tastes just as good.  Be sure to try their walnut shrimp.  Be sure you have a big mouth to fit one of these jumbo shrimp in one bite.  The sauce covering the shrimp has just the right amount of tanginess and sweetness that I'm looking for without being too thick.  And the sweet crunchy walnut complements the dish as well.Ordering the right dishes can make or break your experiences.  For this restaurant, be sure to pick seafood, their specialty.  They have live fish, crabs, etc in clear tanks so you can pick out your dinner victim.  And of course pick fried anything, especially with their spiced salt (jiao yan).Notes for dim sum:Great Wall actually has a unique set of dim sum choices that you can't find anywhere in the valley (at least the Chinese dim sum places I've been to).  Although it's a bit more expensive than the other places in the valley I've been to, but it does taste better overall.  Even the basic dim sum dishes like shrimp dumplings, shumai, and chicken feet simply taste better and I would even say taste better than some CA restaurant.  Who'd thought?  Because the dishes are small, you can try many of them and of course I would go for the fried stuff.  :-) However be careful.  Keep your eye out for the moving carts, if what you want has been sitting there for a while, wait for a new batch.  Cold Chinese food just doesn't taste as well.  Only the tin dishes that are covered are fine, because their still hot after the servers make their rounds.  Go on the weekend for a wider selection and be prepared to have a wait.  But the wait isn't that bad compared to some places I've been to in CA.  Great to go with a medium sized party so you can taste more variety, but not have to wait a long time for a table.Overall, this is a great place to get great Chinese food if you live in the valley and don't want to make a 6hr journey to LA just for good Chinese food (which I have done before).
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,7/1/2012,1114,557,5,10,11>I was surprised and happy to see Georges resurfaced in N Phoenix. This is the same Georges that occupied the small place between the former Kyoto Bowl and the pet store near Bell Rd and 27/28th Ave.I was going to get the standard Gyro but was told of the Chicken Enchilada special. So I had to try it. They were 3 chicken filled corn tortillas with a homemade tomitillo green sauce and cojita cheese on top. The flavor was perfect, nice mix of flavor and spice. The chicken appeared to be all white meat and was really good. Served with a side of rice (great) and a small patch of lettuce and tomato. It was great and very unexpected to enjoy it so much.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2012,6/30/2012,280,572,9,10,9>Had lunch at Zinc for the first time recently right as they were opening.  Considering they were not yet busy, we had pretty mediocre service.  To begin with, we were not offered bread.  Since it was our first visit, I wouldn't have necessarily assumed we would get bread, but I noticed other tables had it, so naturally I felt slighted.  And then the cardinal sin of serving.  I was maybe 25% through my meal, when our server appeared with our check and asked if we would like dessert.  Well, I don't know.  I haven't really eaten yet.  My husband wasn't even finished, and he eats like he's still in the military.  Needless to say, I just took the check and short-changed her tip in return for short-changing the time I was apparently allotted for eating. As for the food.  I had the macaroni au gratin with smoked ham as well as their up sell of parmesan truffle fries.  I liked the mac and cheese.  Not the best I've had, but pretty good.  The fries were okay.  But I've never understood the concept of dressing up plain 'ole french fries and serving them with ketchup.  If I'm not going to get a nice aioli or some other special dipping sauce, I'd rather just have the fries sans all the other crap.I wouldn't necessarily object to a return visit if I'm in the area, but I won't be breaking down their door.  Just as well, I doubt they would care.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,6/29/2012,586,358,10,18,10>This restaurant is 5 stars for the view alone (which is what everyone else has mentioned), but the food and service are excellent too. The other night my girlfriend and I went back for the first time since the amazing Yelp event earlier in the year. We started the night off with a drink at sunset on the outdoor patio, overlooking most of Phoenix. Then we headed inside for our dinner and the manager greeted us with a "Thank you for coming back to Different Pointe of View," which I thought was a nice touch. I assume he knew we were returning since I mentioned we had a card for a free bottle of sparkling wine when I made the reservations weeks before. We were seated inside near the window and our waiter was very friendly and attentive. Our bottle of Champagne was presented to us to start the night and we placed our food orders. We decided to split the Braised Duck Ravioli ($12) and the Pan Seared Diver Scallops ($15). There were two raviolis and two scallops per order and we felt both dishes great choices. The scallops were some of the best I have ever had. For our main course we each ordered the Grilled Cedar River Filet Mignon ($38). The perfectly prepared tenderloin steak was accompanied with horseradish crust, Swiss chard, roasted fingerling potatoes, smoked apple wood bacon, chives, Crème Fraiche and port wine pomegranate reduction. No I didn't memorize all of that, of course I retyped it from the menu.For dessert we split the Classic Tahitian Vanilla Bean Crème Brulee (all desserts $9). It was delicious, but rather small and didn't quite satisfy my sweet tooth. The buttercream blue cheese cookie and fresh strawberries were a nice addition, but even with those it was too small a dish. Overall, I 100% recommend you stop in and have dinner and drinks at Different Pointe of View. It has been one of my favorite Phoenix restaurants for many years. It's a perfect place for locals and out of town visitors alike. My only recommendations for improvements would be to add a server or two to the outside patio bar area since it tends to be slow on busy evenings. Also, I think the names for some of their dishes are a bit much and could be shortened.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,6/8/2012,177,185,4,11,7>Our hike began by driving up to Dobbins Lookout taking in the amazing view then sprinting down Holbert Trail to the large water tank and hiking back up again. Although I don't recommend running the trail (for safety reasons) it was the perfect adrenaline rush I needed for the day.  This hike really gave us a great work out. We were both drenched by the time we retuned to the lookout. The city view from the trail is amazing and there are some awesome rock formations to discover along the way. I would agree that the view from the lookout is breathtaking especially if you are all out of breath from the run up the trail. As other Yelpers noted this hike is described as difficult and I would agree, however, you can increase that to highly difficult if you decide to run the trail but the reward is in the amazing workout you'll get. Additional tips: Ample parking at the base of Holbert Trail and Dobbins Lookout, a visitor center, picnic areas, and plenty of trails (with difficulty levels marked).
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,6/7/2012,188,280,7,6,8>Looking over the 108 reviews for Philadelphia Sandwich Company, I look to be one of about 8 people who have ever eaten these sammies sober. Fear not, boozy-memoried friends! Your taste buds weren't just wearing beer goggles; these sandwiches are DELICIOUS!It was late. Like, I-took-a-nap-way-too-late-and-now-it's-11:45-and-­I'm-starving late. I had no plans of going out but I had NOTHING in my fridge. We're talking a half block of cheddar, some tahini and 3 eggs. Blast. I quickly Yelp'd up "24 hour delivery" in my zip code and up popped this place. Duh! I proudly admit sandwiches are my favorite food group and I'd had this place on the backburner for a while. And they deliver until 1:00 a.m. YES.Minus a star because the girl answering the phone was a little short. However, I can kind of overlook this because I can ONLY imagine the drunk idiots she puts up with on a daily basis. Still, let me prove I'm coherent! I wasn't sure if they had a delivery minimum plus I'd eaten next to nothing all day so I went with an order of fried mushrooms and the 9th street sandwich, which is roasted red peppers, garlicky spinach and provolone. Would I like to add grilled onions? Why yes I would!The girl said it'd be about an hour but I got a call from the delivery boy (seriously, he couldn't have been more then 17) 40 minutes later. Bonus? He knew the code to my apartment's gate, which I'd never gotten. Ha! Extra tip to him.I felt like it was Christmas as I teared into the bag. First of all. That sandwich? HUGE. HUMONGOUS. INSANE. Like I said, I am a sandwich connoisseur and am generally happy to stuff myself beyond comfort when eating them. However, I didn't even try with this bad boy. The bread was soft and warm and fresh, and spinach had TONS of sauteed garlic (score, for me anyway) and it was just overall a delight. I was so happy to have the 2nd half as dinner last night. The fried mushrooms were delicious--a generous amount with lots of tasty italian seasonings in the batter. However, this is definitely an "eat there" kind of thing, but even with the delivery time they were still semi-crunchy and delicious. They also came with 2 complimentary ramekins of ranch, which I promptly threw away. Because, barf. Still, if that's your thing, go for it.Anyway, this place made my night. I'm so glad I live within a short distance and short delivery wait time. Philadelphia Sandwich Co gets a sober approval!
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,6/6/2012,295,309,7,12,8>I drove into this place the other day.... and they offer 1950's FULL SERVICE at the pump!!! There are guys dressed in white overalls who will wash your windows and check your oil!!!! I love it!!! The inside of the store is amazing... I went pay for my gas... and you pay at a pastry/espresso bar counter... and being a super sucker for sweets... I indulged! And boy was I glad... so yummy! Gas and Cupcakes. It's a no brainer.They have a full service Artisan sandwich counter that has a full breakfast menu. I have not tried any of the sandwiches... yet. But I will. They also sell fresh cut flowers, a small selection of fresh produce, and other assorted convenience store fair. As Scott D. mentioned... the gas is about a dime less the the nearest Shell station. I like this place. I hope if does well. It's definitely not another Circle-K. It's a refreshing change. Give it a visit!
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,6/5/2012,1078,310,5,14,11>This place was recommended by people at work so checked it out yesterday, and I was not disappointed. I started off with the richest, most moist Red Velvet cake I've ever had. Was so rich, that I only was able to eat 1/3rd of the slice. I went with the "Betty-Boop" plate which consisted of 1 breast and 1 waffle. Perfect portion. I'm no master chef, but I believe I tasted a bit of cinnamon or some kind of spice in the waffle- it was very delicious. The fried chicken was my favorite part if the meal. I took advantage of the Chile vinegar as well as the Louisiana hot sauce. I also love they serve Kool-aid here. The prices are decent- not too cheap, not too expensive.  Overall, I would love to come back and would recommend this place to anyone who likes some good fried chicken.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,6/4/2012,398,837,4,11,6>Despite having heard wonderful things about Chelsea's Kitchen, I've never made it in to dine here before until last night.  I don't know why I waited so long, but I wish I had come sooner.Aside from being easy to find, Chelsea's has a low key look from the outside, but easy to find and spot from the road.  Upon pulling up, I realized that they had complimentary valet.  Nice!  Place is wonderfully decorated without coming off as intimidating, and has a great clean, sophisticated look yet still makes you feel comfortable eating there.  I like that. I was greeted right when I went in and was waiting for my friend Robin and her mom to arrive.  I waited outside and realized that there's a table for 8 people right outside the front door! I hung out there until Robin and her mom arrived.  When we were seated, staff was warm, friendly and attentive.  Hostess made sure we were comfortable where we sat and the server was right on it the whole night through.Since I had never been there before, I had a few questions about the menu, and in between the server and my friend, they were able to answer everything for me.  I went with the Chelsea's Cheeseburger minus the Russian Dressing.  Friends mom went with the Wood fired chicken quarter, and Robin went with the Ahi Tuna.  When the food came out, it all looked really nice! Burger was awesome, and the fries were sweet potato (i think) and were excellent.  While we were eating, the guys at the table next to us ordered a steak of some sort, and it was HUGE, and looked absolutely delicous. If I hadn't already eaten, I very well could have gone over there and taken the plate away from the poor guy it looked so good.I didn't get a chance to see it, but I heard that the patio is beautiful. I was going to go look, but I was so engrossed in my dinner and conversation, that I never got to check it out. Next time I will though.I would like to say that I wish I had come here sooner. This is my kind of dining establishment, and its absolutely worth every penny you spend here, and worth every mile you drive.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,6/3/2012,357,399,5,9,6>This is the place to get your fruits and veggies!  My friend Robyn N. had been telling me I should go and check it out so I finally did and I'm sure glad I did!  This reminds me of the vegatable stands I used to go to with my parents growing up in Northern California.  And the prices are amazing!  I walked away with two full bags of produce for $13!!  I got cauliflower, broccoli crowns, zucchini, apples, straberries, corn, croutons, popcorn (the unpopped kind), and mushrooms.  Everything is awesome!  The staff were friendly too.  I hear the cinnamon rolls are to die for and they get them fresh everyday.  I resisted this time but next time I don't think my willpower will be so great.  This is an awesome find!
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,6/2/2012,447,457,6,17,13>Here are a few of my favorite Timo things:~ The brunch flat bread ($10): bacon, eggs, burrata - the crust has the perfect, ever-so-slight salty crunch that is perfectly complimented by the toppings. I would eat this for breakfast, lunch OR dinner!~ The mimosa flight: a steal at $9 with samples of orange, grapefruit and cranberry & St. Germain. Shockingly (to me anyway), my favorite is the grapefruit!~ La fin du monde golden (beer -9% alc.) $6 here, now also found in my fridge at home! Thanks for the introduction!!~ The day drinker ($9) a magical grapefruit flavored adult beverage and the Irish Sour ($): trust, don't be afraid of the egg white. ($6 at Happy Hour!)~ That they're always cooking up different things in the wood fired oven - from bacon and eggs to fish and lasagna! These are just a few... there's a lot to love about Timo!
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,6/1/2012,411,144,8,10,7>-Wait in line to order your food, the Hostess will seat you, and someone will bring your food to your table.-Friendly service.-Parking sometimes sucks, depending when you go.-BUSY, busy, busy...they claim they will find you a table, while you wait in line to order...but, what if the table hogs who are DONE EATING continue chatting for hours and NEVER leave and there are no tables available???-The restrooms are unisex. The toilets are individual restrooms and the day I went they smelled like urine, pee-pee men's restrooms. GROSS! Usually the restrooms smell clean...-YUMMY pizzas! Baked in a fire brick oven.-Yummy salads! Perfect portions! $9+. -Italia sandwich is a bit weird...what is that sweet vinegar jelly on the bread? Too gourmet for my liking!-Sandwiches come with a side of your choice.-Ambiance is like eating in a trendy warehouse.-I like Liberty Market!
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,5/31/2012,337,291,8,14,13>Distrito is a unique dining experience; located in the Saguaro hotel, the decor is quirky, colorful and fresh.  This place is a foodie's paradise. The menu consists of modern Mexican tapas (small[er] plates), an interpretation of the street food of Mexico ("Distrito Federal").  Everything comes out as its ready and is meant to be shared.  Flavors are Iron Chef-worthy (after all, it is Iron Chef Jose Garces's creation); whatever you do, don't rush through the meal!  Every bite packs a lot of flavor, and it was fun to discern each ingredient as we pregressed though the meal. My favorites were the yellowtail ceviche (atón), the traditional guacamole, chilangro chop salad, tacos de pollo, tacos de mahi mahi, and jicama con manzana (jicama, cabbage and apple slaw).  The cochinita a la pibil (berkshire pork shoulder with achote and pineapple BBQ) was a little too acidic for my taste. It was an enjoyable dining experience, definitely out of the ordinary. I'm excited to return for different tastes from the plentiful menu.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2011,5/30/2012,100,799,12,17,16>Ok, for me if there's one thing that comes close to Buffet, it's a fried chicken place!  Thus, I wasn't about to miss the opportunity to get together with Robyn N. & Arlin B. today & have lunch today at this busy little place.  It was my first visit, & here's how it struck me:*  Funky, unique, fun atmosphere & vibe about the place.  It's a screwy building to start with, then your water or beverage shows up in a quart canning jar, & so on!  FUN IS GOOD!!*  Our service was prompt & attentive, & the staff members made it clear that they were glad we came here to eat!  These really nice people helped make the experience special.  FRIENDLY IS GOOD!!*  Somewhat unusual (for me anyway), very tasty food overall.  DIFFERENT IS GOOD!!*  Then, OMG, the chicken!!  TERRIFIC FRIED CHICKEN IS GOOD!!     :-))
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,10/23/2008,2,5,7,9,8>Ok, so let me give you a little background here... I love pizza.I mean I really love pizza. It's good.  And I have eaten pizza in Phoenix, Chicago, New York City, and Europe....I even tried a mexican pizza at taco bell once, thus putting to test the old adage that there is no bad pizza; only good pizza and great pizza.Now I am very much aware that Pizzeria Bianco has literally been reviewed a thousand times, but I figure I might as well get my two cents in.  I first dined at Bianco's in 98 and have been coming back ever since.  It's my favorite restaurant.  This was also the first time I realized that pizza can truly be more than just pizza and that more often than not the simplest of pizzas are the best..  I remember the first bite I ever took of the Margherita pizza.  It was phenomenal. How do three ingredients on some crust taste this good?  One bite and it was like a Party in my mouth.  Seriously.  I'm not joking. It's that good.  I can't adequately describe through words how good it is.  And that's all I am going to mention about the food, enough has been said already.Many people have heard the nightmare stories of 3 hour waits to be seated for dinner.  Well, it's true.  Be prepared to wait.  However this used to be a bigger issue years ago.  Now you have options. Make an evening of it.  It's worth it.  Get your name down on the waiting list. Go for a stroll around Heritage square.  It's beautiful.  Really.  Especially at night.  Bar Bianco and the more recently opened Rose and Crown Bar are also great ways to pass the time while you wait.  Hang out.  Throw back a few drinks.  Have a smoke. Be social.  It won't kill you.So my advice to you is stop being a baby about it, and try not only the best pizza joint in this god forsaken city, but one of the best restaurants in Phoenix overall.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2008,10/22/2008,164,512,10,9,9>OMG!!!!This dude Dan who runs their salon, cuts hair, does makeupHE DID STEVIE NICKS' MAKEUP AND HAIR FOR YEARS!!!AGHHHH!!!!I love love love love Stevie!!Aside from my crazed Stevie obsession, I found this spa to be top notch.  Very environmentally aware.  Very down to earth.  Moderately priced.I love this place.LOVE.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2008,10/21/2008,375,90,5,13,10>I've had pretty good experiences here. Not "unforgettable" but I'll definitely be back. I will start by echoing the half off bottles of wine thing.....fabulous. You know I like to get my vino on... and if you don't know, now you know. I have been twice now and I'll tell you, the service at the bar is fantastic. My first experience I only tried the spinach artichoke dip, which was just okay... and had something called a tira-tini for desert (which was tiramisu  in a sort of metal martini glass). It was AMAZING and I am soooooo not a desert person. The bartender that waited on us was very sweet and knowledgeable and let us try a couple of different types of wine before deciding. The second time I went to My Florist I had The Portobello Sandwich which was also pretty good...once again, not great but better than anything I would make at home so worth the trip. My only suggestion regarding the food is to focus on individual flavor a little more. Everything that I've had here other than dessert has been a little bland. That said, I still enjoyed my experiences and the service and I will return.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2008,10/20/2008,3,18,9,6,5>I would have to agree first & foremost with the FLY INFESTATION theory! they really really REALLY need to control it, being indoors doesnt stop them at all!!last time 2 of us went there it somehow came up to $50 which was insane! they are good but.... coleslaw is very very plain/flavorless, i still eat it.the ribs are very good, shakes = good, atmosphere good.I do have to agree it does get very loud sometimes, generally quiet and not busy in the early afternoon.OHDO NOTI REPEAT, DO NOT SUBSTITUTE ANYTHING FOR THE FRIESi substituted onion ringsthey added on $2 more and gave me like 5 onion rings!!!I do like the fact they seperate the trash/plastic/recycling etc..im sure ill be backWITH MY OWN FLYSWATTER!!!!!!!
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2008,10/19/2008,93,110,4,13,11>Oh Fez, it was love at first sight!Okay, okay.  I know I'm a little late in the game just getting to Fez for the first time, but better late than never!My man and another couple dined there last week for Dining Out for Life.  We had a fantastic evening and dinner.  Our friends started out with some cocktails and a chicken phyllo app since they arrived early.  We joined them and started out with some drinks as well.  Our server Bryan was great and made our experience enjoyable.My dining companions ordered the lemon caper tilapia (very good), all-American burger, and Fez salad (I didn't try it, but it looked very good).  I had narrowed down my selection to two selections and was persuaded to order the lamb kisra at Bryan's suggestion.  I am so glad he suggested it because it was incredible!  Upon returning I will be torn on whether to order that deliciousness again or to try more great eats they have to offer.  We also ordered an order each of the garlic and rosemary fries and the harissa fries.  Yum!  Tasty and spicy!My favorite part of the night is when my guy asks for a side of ranch for the fries.  Bryan responds that they have a roasted red pepper aioli, but they don't really have *ranch*.  It was great the way he said it and then he joked with us how we could walk to the Walgreen's to get some and come back.  All in good fun.  I guess my guy learned that not every place is ranch friendly and roasted red pepper aioli is pretty damn good.  He'll definitely know what to ask for next time.We ended with some chocolate cake, apple tart, and coffee.  They were all very good.  It was nice that we were not rushed, but rather encouraged to stay as long as we wanted and to take our time.  It was nice especially given the fact of how busy they were.  The only downer was that Bryan split our check in half which would normally be fine, but this time our friends had an appetizer and about 4 $10 drinks more than us.  But, hey, what are ya gonna do?  It was all for a great cause anyway.I will definitely be back here many, many times and I'm already excited for my next visit, whenever it may be. =)  I'm going to check out Fez Foodies for sure as well.  Oh yeah, the brunch menu looks dynamite, so I might as well check that out too!Thanks Fez!
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,10/18/2008,176,83,14,10,11>I dunno if I have horrible taste or if everyone else is wrong, but the decor in this place is RIGHT UP MY ALLEY!  It's a cross between trips to grandma's house for some cookies, and... well... a trip to my OTHER grandma's house for some cookies. Except, you see, they don't ONLY have cookies. Oh No! They have sammiches!  Mass varieties of them. Types of sammiches your granny wouldn't dare to build for you on a sunday afternoon.My buddy, Groovy P, and myself have been here on two separate occasions, and I also took my wife here once! I know, I know... I spoil her sometimes. Let me tell you, if you want to taste some of the BEST pasta salad on this good brown earth, order the seafood pasta salad.  You won't be sorry.  That is, of course, unless you are allergic to seafood.The roast beef sammich is sometimes on special here, so that is what I usually get.  Watch out! If you underestimate this one you WILL be sorry. A single bite into this unearthly delight and I lose all control of myself.Pair these two items with a drink and a pickle and you will be going back to work a pleasure ravaged ball of contentment. Hey! Grammy never gave me a pickle with my sammich! What was I missing!P.S. They have drive thru!
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2008,10/17/2008,197,146,14,12,13>Gentrification be damed, this place is still (barely) standing. First off let me warn you that the salsa that comes with the chips is HOT. Not just a little spicy - like 5 alarm rip your own tongue out hot.That aside, the food here is really good. I usually order 3 rolled chicken tacos with gaucamole or the cheese enchiladas. They never get it wrong. Everything on the menu is cheap, fast and damn good. They are also speedy with the drink refills which always rocks.Also, you can actually catch a bus to Jaurez from their parking lot as the local scary bus to Mexico departs from the depot next door. That is pretty hot too.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2008,10/16/2008,325,381,12,14,13>Bar Smith has become quite a happening hot-spot in Downtown Phoenix. Several months ago, it was typically vacant and yet it oozed potential. Upstairs is where you want to be, but even then - it wasn't drawing much of a crowd. Now, it seems to be living up to its potential. I went here again tonight for Solstice (hosted by Tondra D.) which is held every Saturday and involves DJs, dancing, artists, and alcohol. Downstairs is a 3 star affair and upstairs is a 5. Solstice really sells the place though... perhaps too well as it's very crowded by the time midnight rolls around. It's a bit of an eclectic scene, so I'm not sure what they're going for. I think it's because downstairs draws a different crowd and they feel compelled to wander upstairs to check it out. Drink prices are a little high if you ask me, and the bathrooms aren't nice enough (or large enough) to warrant an attendant, yet there he is - handing me a towel and offering me gum and cologne and expecting a tip. Dude - you got to watch me piss... there you go... you're welcome.My least favorite part about this bar though is trying to park downtown. I do think it's a cool place. I definitely like it better when it's not as busy, but Solstice on Saturdays is a great event if you like dancing elbow to elbow to great music on the rooftop patio under the stars.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,10/15/2008,228,191,18,22,18>The lovely Sarah G decided to bless me w her awesome presence for lunch this afternoon. I am so glad we decided on this lovely House of Tricks! Does anyone know why its called that?!?! I'm curious please tell me??!?! Soooo this should really be 4.5 stars as everyone has said the service was a bit slow. A lot of places down here in Tempe seem that way to me. For some weird reason or another I feel like I enter the Twilight Zone and the waiters dont seem to have a need for time. Maybe they teach this course at ASU or maybe everyones just stoned, IDK!?!?! The soup of the day was some carrot ginger thing with creme it did not taste like carrots at all whatsoever but it was super delicous and I dont even like ginger haha!! Sarah took a pic of the salad I had. I had the best salad EVER!!! Moroccan Fruit and Chicken Shawarma Salad with Mango, Melon, Strawberries, Oranges, Toasted Pine Nuts, Citrus Cous Cous and Baby Field Greens with Preserved Lemon Vinaigrette. I substituted the chicken for some Tombo Ahi it was a few dollars more but OH SOOO WORTH IT!! Abso-fucking-lutely YUM-GASMIC!! The chef here is a fucking genius and I will never have enough of this place.....EVER! Where is Gordon Ramsey when you need him to light a fire under your server's ass to get the tables turned around quicker?? I will surely bring all out of towner's here for dinner and do more special occasions here in the future. Wine tasting is on Tuesdays I better move closer!! So when are we going?!?!?
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2008,10/14/2008,239,156,8,20,15>Pizza A Metro in CenPho is branching out! For those of you on the East side, you will pleased to know that they are ramping up their new location in the next few weeks with some invite only soft-launches. If you want to be included, stop by the Thomas location and give them your contact info...  The hard launch is scheduled for October 1, 2008.I sat down with Maurizio today during lunch and got some of the particulars to whet your appetites -- The new location is larger, much larger. They will have a wine room, a bar that will seat approximately 25, and the dining room with seating for 80+.Some of your favorites will appear on their menu, but Amarone will include a lot of new items which are more in line with the larger kitchen and the more upscale flavor of the new site.Amarone will be open from 11:00 to Midnight.For anyone that hasn't had the pleasure of meeting or dining with Maurizio, you are in for a treat. This man LOVES food and experiences obvious pleasure from sharing it with others!East-siders, mark your calenders and get ready for Amarone!
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,9/4/2007,1251,1174,1,6,6>Looking to grab a bite at a historic local gem in the heart of the city that's cozy, casual, and good for all types of people? Look no further than Mac Alpine's Soda Fountain on 7th Street and Oak. Located in downtown Phoenix, this original soda fountain established in 1928 is the last one of its kind and an original of the Southwest. Equipped with a diverse menue of inexpensive but delicious soups and sandwiches, Mac Alpines is the place to go for a good old fashioned malt, shake, soda, or sundae. Good quality service, and historic memorabilia make this dining experience all the more wonderful. Also, don't forget your pocket change! Mac Alpines is also home to an amazing jukebox that plays old 45s! The perfect place to listen to some real oldies, with a date, or a group of friends!
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2007,9/3/2007,742,648,9,4,7>There and back again..We ventured this morning to a great land called Phoenix (though today we shall call that Gondor) from our little Scottsdale burrow (we shall call that the Shire). The Shire has many wonderful things to offer so we don't venture to far. There's been talk of a movement in the great land of Gondor.. this movement is called Slow Food. Were great humans feed others based on sustainable crops, dairy and meat. These humans try to whenever possible, use only locally grown ingredients. There was word of an outdoor market that believes in these philosophies and shares with all the locals there. So off to Gondor.  After an easy and painless journey we arrived at the great outdoor market to find that it wasn't open yet. A very small distance east of there were a few humans mulling around a classic Gondor building that looked to have been turned into some sort of eatery. Once inside we discovered a great man named Matt and his magical Big Breakfast! We were seated at a counter with many other hungry travelers. A fair maiden appeared.. she was so friendly and welcoming.. then took our orders.. the great man Matt had created something just for that day.. Salsa Verde Huevos Rancheros. The way the maiden pronounced these words we though for a moment she was speaking Elven.. only moments had passed and then set before us were 2 huge plates filled with roasted potatoes, 2 eggs over easy atop a corn tortilla covered in a green sauce. You see hobbits love good food, you can tell by their round bellies and lack of defined abs.. this was indeed a bountiful feast!  The fragrance arose from the plate and filled our nostrils.. we both stared into each others eyes then quickly began eating.. the flavors and textures were simply heavenly.. each better then the last! We could see ourselves making the journey to Gondor quite often from the Shire.. we could see someday perhaps living in Gondor close to the outdoor market and of course the great Matt's Big Breakfast.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2007,9/2/2007,454,555,4,4,3>How much wood could a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck could chuck wood?  Sorry.  I went there.  Couldn't resist.  With that said, that stupid tongue twister is all I could think about inside the Chuck Box.  I certainly wasn't waxing poetic about the food.  I thought the burgers and chicken burgers here were OK, but just average.  The chicken burger with pepper jack was cooked just right, but nothing about it struck me as better than normal.I've seen other burger joints with condiment bars, and was hoping for something distinctive, but no - just the typical average fixings.  The feel in here is very country or Midwestern with the wooden boxes as stools and burlap sack ceiling.  I dunno.  Can't really place it, but it's very laidback and unassuming here.  I like it, but The Chuck Box felt and tasted just average to me.Cash only.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,9/1/2007,53,101,3,6,7>no one has reviewed this place? really? i guess i shouldn't be surprised because when i first moved back to phoenix and someone said we should go bowling in sunnyslope i thought they were on meth. and the bowling alley would prolly be a great place to score some more.even when you see it from the outside, you will be like "uh-uh, i ain't goin in there." but the inside of this place has been DRASTICALLY remodeled from its early days. it is actually the nicest and coolest bowling alley i've ever been in. its got an awesome bar with flat screens and great beer on tap including stella. its got some pretty good pop art hand painted all over the place. and just overall they did an amazing job with all the furniture, carpet, and carpentry required to turn a p.o.s. bowling alley into a great hangout.they of course do the friday and saturday night late night bowling thing. it's actually been the best when the guy who runs the counter just picks the music, a lot of indie rock and other good stuff. other times i've been there when they hired a d.j. it has been less inspiring.but overall this place is awesome. if you haven't been yet you need to give it a try despite its absolutely terrible location.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,8/31/2007,296,138,11,10,11>Let me exalt your praises, Mucho Gusto. Don't blush darling. Our love will not remain in the shadows! Do you remember the time that you almost tried to set my boyfriend on fire? You put on an amazing little impromptu firework show when your misters got into a fight with that pesky string of lights, but you were kind enough to quell our fear and try to erase that memory with free alcohol, you wily little minx. You needn't delete him from the equation. We're usually game for a three way with you, Mistress Gusto.That was right when the two happiest hours in my otherwise hellacious day were coming to an end. You do know that between the hours of four and six, your warm embrace and sweet nectar are all I need to forget about the dramarama of the office. The memories of your hibiscus, tamarind and mango margaritas, frosty Dos XXs and generous glasses of sauvignon blanc bring a smile to my face, especially with a three dollar price tag.And you're always very gracious when I graze freely on the chips and salsa when I'm feeling frugal. I don't know what combination of chili and spices you sprinkle on your toasty little delights, but they're positively divine. Although they can't even hold a candle to your tasty salsa.To help keep me from acting like a lush, which would greatly embarrass me in your presence, you offer half price appetizers during happy hour. That guacamole of yours with the pomegranate seeds has a zesty twist, while your gigantic Mexican pizza and mountainous machaca nacho plate have lured large groups of my friends to your patio and bar on many an occasion. Sharing is caring, and you're trying to teach the world to be a better place, one shrimp cocktail at a time. When I'm feeling like a nice lunch or dinner instead of our usual rendezvous, your pozole always brings me happiness, with snow white hominy afloat in a sea of green and lots of tortillas to sop up that goodness. Your Colorado Stew is likewise as delectable, as are the Mexican street tacos. I especially dig how you let me mix and match three tacos, so I can add a red chili pork taco and fried fish taco into the mix!Your cute little bistro setting with the beaded lamps and cushy bench seating made a delightful setting for a first date, while your exemplary menu, service and specials has had me coming back ever since. It's a good thing I'm not the jealous type, because I want to share you with all of Tempe.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2007,8/30/2007,124,19,3,5,4>A couple years ago at a job I worked, someone sent an email saying for so-and-so's birthday we were going to go to Chino Bandido for lunch. Immediately my inbox was filled with replies of "Oh Yeah!!!" and "Count me in" and "I'll be there." This was the first time I had ever seen EVERYONE in that office agree on a place to eat AND with much replied enthusiasm. Something was up. On the date of our lunch outing, we all piled into cars and drove to the other side of town, from the East Valley to the West. That is how much people loved this place. It was no longer a lunch date, it was now a field trip. (There is also a location in Chandler, but everyone in the office seems partial to the original location.) Located in an unassuming strip mall, you immediately get the hole-in-the-wall feeling right away. First time visitors can sample the eight most popular dishes and usually the story of how the restaurant came to be. Allowing you to sample the food first, helps you make a more informed decision for what to order. What a novel concept! Figuring out the ordering menu can be a little tricky, however the staff, mostly children and grandchildren of the owners, are happy to help you. Chino Bandido takes Caribbean, Mexican and Oriental flavors and throws them all together, creating some truly unique, tasty food. You can choose between a rice bowl or a combination for two meats with rice and beans. If you want something mild, try the Carnitas, Gringo Chicken or Emerald Chicken. If you like something spicier, the Jerk Chicken is up your alley. The Cuban Black Beans are a must and the Jerk Fried Rice has a definite kick. When ordering a combination, you have have choose to have the meat with a tortilla. Personally, I like having a Jade Red Chicken burrito and an Emerald Chicken quesadilla. Very tasty. Plus the best part -- at least for me because I love them -- your meal comes with a yummy Snickerdoodle cookie.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2007,8/28/2007,36,37,,3,5>I picked up the advertisement to LuLu's cupcakes at Green one day. I had it in my pocket for at least a month until I finally made my way into Scottsdale and towards LuLu's. The cupcakes were everything I hoped for. 100% Natural and %100 Naughty. The cupcake selection is not enormous, but the taste makes up for it. I had the cupcake of the day, vanilla with raspberries and blueberries. Yum. They are small, kind of expensive, but worth it for a special treat. The deco is kitchy and very ikea looking. It was pretty much dead when me and my boy went in. There are a few items for sale on the wall and spread around (think spencers or urban outfitters clever gift items). The girl at the counter was very helpful and friendly, thumbs up there. I suppose, like other yelpers, I must complain about the beverage choice. It seems to me the business would be much more pleasant and profitable if they included espresso drinks. Or even more tea choices, and maybe some jones soda or something. Its nice they spend all that time on their cupcakes, but jeez! Offer something good  to satisfy our thirst too!Still, I recommend LuLu's if you need a special treat or something to cheer you up.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2007,8/27/2007,13,98,2,5,5>Fun place to go and I wish we had something like this close to us in MN.  Hit a bucket of balls, hit some balls in the batting cage, grab a quick bite and play some video games.....not a bad couple of hours!There are some downsides.  The food isn't spectacular, but what would you expect.  I've only driven the go-carts a couple of times and was not overly impressed.  the putt-putt is okay, but not all-world. The bumper boats are definitely designed for kids (duh!) but are moderately fun.Even with all of that said, it's still fun to be able to relax with golf, baseball and video entertainment, all in one place!
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2007,8/26/2007,46,55,,6,6>This is one of those places that is basically overrated just because of its location and longevity. There are so few places that have survived in the downtown Phoenix area for as long as China Chili has, and for that, it probably does deserve a lot of credit. That being said, it's basically an average Chinese restauant. Comfortable, convenient, clean, and it offers all the standard fare. It's everything you'll need for a weekday dinner, but not much more.Try the sizzling rice soup. It's very good. Plus Jerry Colangelo is known to take out their sweet 'n' sour shrimp...or is it the chicken? Who cares, either way, that's pretty cool.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2007,8/25/2007,56,287,7,5,3>Losbeto's on Hayden, let me introduce you to your first viable competitor in the department of drive thru mexican: Fiesta Burrito.While not as cheap as Losbeto's, the food is definitely higher quality and you don't get that sneaking sensation that you might be eating roadkill, which is worth an extra buck or two. Nor do you have to allay worries that the gentleman on the other side of the window doesn't heed the "Lavaselas!" sign, as is the case with some. Nope, Fiesta is a dream come true in many respects, and is a clean and legitimate competitor to its northern neighbor (why do I suddenly feel like Joe Biden talking about Barack Obama?). The location is convenient, the service is fast, and though the bargain basement prices aren't quite there as in some others, peace of mind is, which will bring me back very soon I'm sure.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,5/30/2010,278,165,10,15,13>This place is as exciting as going to Disneyland if you're not used to Hispanic markets! The sights, the smells, the lights, the colors, and the chaos had my head whipping back and forth all evening. We started off with dinner in the cafe inside the market - just $5.99 for 3 street tacos, beans, and rice - and it totally filled me up. I washed it down with a Mexican coke in a glass bottle and it took me back to my childhood to the days before corn syrup became the norm. After eating, we took our time perusing the aisles and examining the foods foreign to us. They have a beautiful produce department and the prices were great on both the more exotic items like fresh papaya's to the staples like tomatoes and lettuce. The meat department is a carnivore's dream come true. Loads of fresh ground beef, pork, and poultry at very fair prices. I had to laugh at the ground pork in the glass case and wish I'd brought my camera. The butcher shaped it into a pig head - complete with a snout - and put cucumber slices for eyes. Not something I'd expect to see at my local gringo Fry's.Shopping here was a real cultural experience tonight and I can't wait to tuck into the treats we brought home!
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,5/29/2010,174,98,10,16,12>Umm, made from scratch Sloppy Joes and fancy Mac and Cheese?? Pshh, you had me at Sloppy baby...The fact that there are any sub-par reviews of this place shocks the hell out of me. I had my third meal at District last night, and just like my previous two, it was spectacular.In the business of full disclosure, my friend and I were going to try Moira for the first time, but alas it was closed, and obviously a sign because we stumbled a few blocks further south to District and had quite the satisfying meal.We walked in about 6:45, and I'm sad to report the place was empty.  We took a seat at a cocktail table in the bar area so I could watch the hockey game (seriously, I am a dream date) and perused the bar menu. A nicely mannered waitress approached us almost immediately and remained attentive and helpful throughout our entire meal.The coolest thing about the bar menu was their new take on the pairing menu.  No longer do you have to be a wine conosseur to enjoy the Chef's special menu.  District offers three separate 3 course tasting menus, one featuring a wine pairing, one featuring a cocktail pairing, and one featuring a beer pairing all for between $12 and $14!  I mean, how cool is that?  I challenge you to find a better bargain for such high-quality fare complete with booze...give it up, you can't, I've looked.  If you don't know already, District offers about 10 or 12 different Microbrews on tap an obvious plus for a beer drinker like myself.Being the difficult diner that I am, I asked for the Sloppy Joe Sliders off the beer pairing menu so I could get a couple other small things and try a bunch.  Yes, I am an adult, and no, I can't not order a Sloppy Joe when it is featured on a menu, I'm sorry, I just can't.And thank goodness I lack that sense of propriety because the Sloppy Joe Sliders were freaking fantastic!! 3 perfectly sized mini toasted buns filled with possibly the best, spiciest Sloppy Joes I have ever eaten. Seriously, I sucked down my Apricot Ale seemingly in seconds thanks to the District's take on this classic!  Just don't tell my Mom, she still convinced I'm quite fond of her Mamwich Joes...I also had to get a side of their Andouille infused Macaroni and Cheese, another embarrassing thing that I just can't not order if it's offered on a menu, and it did not disappoint.  Cheezy, creamy, gooey perfection. My only complaint is that I was so full from my Joes I barely made a dent in my Mac n Cheese...alas, there's always next time.My dining companion ordered what must have been the biggest freaking burger I have ever seen, but to be honest I did not really look or care because I was far too enamored with my meal to be distracted by anything else.All in all, I had a spectacular meal at the District, from beginning to end.  If you haven't checked out this gem at the new Downtown Sheraton, do yourself a favor, you'll be in for a treat.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,5/28/2010,848,353,27,20,18>Unfortunately, after living near the canal for 5 years, I haven't seen a dead body.  Seriously, it's my dream to find one.  I can see the TV crews and cameras now...The Grand Canal is now paved from 7th Avenue East.  I rode it with Robert M and Bacon all the way down to McDowell, and the paving continued.  No traffic to deal with, except for when crossing streets.  We saw some cool pottery, super-sized, as decor.  There are also several little parks in CenPho along the canal.I've read/heard that the city is actually going to start utilizing the canal as more of a park.  They'll be putting up more lighting and trees and little shops along the way.  I can't wait for that part!  I still need to see a floater, though.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,5/27/2010,362,221,9,19,18>AMAZING cupcakes! Kelly knows her craft, & does it well. She is a super nice, local business person who puts out a top notch product. What more could you ask for? Oh you want them delivered? Well they do that too.Right from their website: We offer free delivery in Scottsdale and charge a small fee for other Phoenix metro cities.They are also at The Old Town Farmer's Market every Saturday from 8:30-1:00. Make sure to get some cupcakes while you are there.In closing, Chocolate Brownie Cupcake with Mocha Buttercream...I dare you not to eat it & love it.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2009,5/26/2010,708,1493,30,26,25>Love this little bar!  Have to confess th at my wonderful wife was the designated driver tonight and just rolled my oput of the car!Great time & great little event organizized by Donald and/or MIchael.  Always great fun to spend  time with other yelpers and loosen up1.I can tel thAat my review is not up to teh usual standards but durnk reviewing is a new take on  a review too right?So greaty \ service and strong drinks here and I am frankly surprised at the low cost of getting snockerd at B rackin's !In the morning I will read this and sdecide if I should post it.Michael what was that last drink I had with the grape flavor!;?*morning*  Good times.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2009,5/25/2010,596,450,21,22,23>The beautiful Carin and I went to the Village this morning for our respective workouts...She hit the cardio machines hard and I played squash with my buddies.As I finished my last game with one of my buddies, Jim (who happens to be a cardiologist), he mentioned that I looked a little emaciated...peaked even, and prescribed chicken and waffles, "stat" (stat is a medical term that means "with extra butter, syrup and a side of grits":)Fortunately for me there is a new emergency location for Lolo's that has opened up altogether too close to my home:)Serendipity started to smile on me when we pulled up just as someone was leaving and we scored the parking spot right in front...serendipity continued as we put our name in for the 30 minute wait, only to be called after 15 minutes...and continued to weave it's way through the entire meal, as we got our drinks right away (really, is there much of anything better than a 1/2 gallon of sweet tea with your Saturday afternoon brunch?:), and we were waited on promptly and served right away.I was saved from wasting away:)I was particularly delighted for 2 reasons:     - This was only their second day open in Scottsdale and they were   absolutely slammed with both people eating at Lolo's and with take out orders, so it looked like the service was a little uneven...but the Lolo's staff were so darn nice to everyone, most of the customers seemed  to be pretty understanding:)     - This was Carin's first experience with Lolo's, and like all of her other "first times" with me, I wanted it to be both "special" and "delightful"...I am a loving, thoughtful and caring husband:)We couldn't have asked for it to go any better, especially for going by so soon after they opened:)The chicken and waffles are every bit as good as the original location down on Yuma:)...Carin has fallen in love with Lolo's, too:)The decor in the new place is pleasant...welcoming and comfortable...I love the wash tub lighting treatments:)And the staff continues to be pleasant (trending toward sweet as pie) to everyone...they could have been pretty tight-faced today, because they really did have a ton of people (all looking to get their chicken and waffle on) come by Lolo's today.I wasn't expecting to give these guys 5 stars right out of the gate, but doggone it, they earned it!Great food, great atmosphere, nice people and now, right in the hood:)I wonder if Jim is going to send me a bill for the medical advice? :-)
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2009,5/24/2010,115,314,8,7,8>Why the hell did no one drag me to Ticoz before now? Seriously, you all call yourselves my friends? I'm disappointed and saddened everyone kept this secret to themselves.As usual I was craving breakfast this morning and was able to convince the amazing Tony A. to meet me somewhere. He recommended Ticoz. I will go out on a limb and say this probably ties for one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Similar to Bri D., I am practice a non-tomato diet, and therefore, usually have issues with many places I eat at. I suspected I would have to order everything today minus tomato. However, I was clearly wrong.Let's start with the salsa and chips. For brunch. Yum. One of the salsas was pineapple based, which in itself would've made me completely content. Had my breakfast not arrived in a timely fashion I would've asked for them to take the other two away and replace it with three bowls of the pineapple salsa. Establishments that can make a great salsa without the use of tomatoes are hard to find. Along with my salsa and chips (I swear I didn't eat the salsa only with a spoon despite my desire to) I had a $2 mimosa. Yep. Only $2. It was super fantastic and had minimal amount of pulp which I also appreciate, not to mention that it looked sunshiny and happy.I went with the huevos rancheros for breakfast, which is comprised of 3 eggs any way you like, green chili, pulled pork, and potatoes. Um, please Sir, may I have another? It was one of those just about perfectly sized meals (had I not front loaded on salsa and chips) that made me all happy inside as I consumed it. The server told me it would be spicy. It did have a kick, but a little more of one would've been welcome.Stepping away from the food, the service was prompt and the staff was super friendly from the moment I walked in the door before I could take my sunglasses off until I was headed out the door on my way home. Very conversational. Very prompt. Very much appreciated. The prices were also extremely reasonable. Although the menu for brunch is limited, at least half the items appealed to me, which means there is hope of a future trip.I adored the laid back decor which was perfect on a Sunday morning. The colors were warm and inviting and the seating was creative. The bigger chairs at the table though almost don't work for short people, but I managed. I want to go back again. Now.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,5/22/2010,1114,557,5,19,10>Cash ONLY This is a real deal deli, family owned and operated. They have just about everything you could ask for. I always get the sandwich, usually some type of smoked ham. They are large and usually can be a meal for two. The staff is wonderful and very helpful. There are only two 4top tables inside the deli. Cash ONLY
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,5/21/2010,398,837,6,22,12>So, it was time for me to stock up on bras.  I wanted to go get properly fitted, as I think every girl should at some point in thier lives.  This place was great!  It's located right in Scottsdale, in the same shopping complex as Saba's Western Wear.  Its a small little boutique, cute, quiant and comfy.  It really felt like someones home.  Pink walls, lots of bras, and other odds and ends for women of all sizes.This place caters to ALL women of every shape size and color.  They carry a full line of support for women who are full busted or not, along with post op breast surgery stuff as well.  They carry a full line of product.  They will even special order stuff for you.On Saturdays, they are only open between 10-2, and closed on Sundays.  They advertise as being by appointment only, but you can walk in and shop just like I did.  I was greeted by a young lady who was professional in every way.  I asked her a lot of questions, and she was able to answer every single one for me.  I told her I just needed a few every day bras, nothing fancy or exciting.  She had me step into a fitting room, and measured me for size.  She brought in a variety of bras, and I tried on each one to see what I liked best.  To my delight, most of the bras in the store were all reasonable in cost to what I would spend elsewhere...between $40-70 dollars.  I should also mention that the measuring was obviously at no charge.  I was so thrilled to actually have someone who knew what they were doing during the entire session!  No pushy saleswomen, no bad information, no trying to upsell me on a bra I didnt want or need.  I also found out that they have a location in Tucson, and that has been around for about 50 years, and thier Scottsdale location has been around for about 15 years.  Quite impressive.  This place was totally what I needed.  Real service, by women who knew what they were doing, no pressure to by and I actually learned A LOT while I was there about bras and such.  Some of it I already knew, but some was new to me as well.Give this place a try.  I think you'll be impressed, and be as happy as I was with the experience.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,5/20/2010,116,57,15,14,15>I have a one track mind, I can't be saved, Lo-Lo's is all I craveI know I have to face it -- I'm addicted to Lo-Lo'sFrom the crispy fried chicken, the waffles that melt in your mouth, the attentive service with a warm welcoming smile. I just can't get enough.I know I have to face it -- I'm addicted to Lo-Lo's
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/29/2012,1992,234,21,24,25>This cake kicks other cake's @$$es, now queue the Rocky Theme Song!Day after day, driving from bakery to bakery, looking for the perfect cake to present at the wife and my 30th birthday extravaganza. It was tedious work, but somebody had to do it. I felt a bit like Rocky Balboa, climbing up and down the endless flight of stairs and beating up on that hanging slab of meat. Except my stairs and cow was a fork and cake; plate to mouth lift, plate to mouth lift. You can work up a sweat just thinking about it.It's wasn't easy choosing a bakery for that top notch cake. Chocolate cake, vanilla cake, marbled, and layered, filled with strawberry jam, raspberry ganache, topped with butter cream, cream cheese icing, fondant, rum infused; it's enough to make your head spin. I had to sacrifice and dedicate the countless hours of time to complete this task; but in the end, I got it done.Good, bad, and indifferent, we made it through the first 5 or 6 opponents and ultimately found ourselves pitted against Kick Ass Kakes. Jay started throwing punches, left hook, right hook, upper cut, KO; I didn't think Rocky was ever KO'd in the movies, but maybe it was just a sugar coma - I'll go with that.Jay got behind our crazy idea for a Hot Dog shaped cake; we 'were' catering Short Leash Hot Dogs after all and wanted a fun cake to go along!  Most other bakers we met with explained 'how difficult of a job it would be', how it would be 'better as a regular cake with hot dogs designed onto it', or lets 'craft little hot dogs and place them around the cake' instead. Jay was the only baker we met with who had the confidence to actually pull off what we were looking to do, and he did not disappoint!You can check out the picture of our cake if you're interested; *view at your own risk* you might just get K.O.'d from looking at it. Ours is the cake that looks like a big hot dog! ;-)Jay battered us silly with an awesome red velvet cake, filled with a perfect cream cheese icing, topped with fondant, and shaped to look like a Short Leash Hot Dog. It was a hit, everyone was knocked out with amazement at how cool the cake looked. This was the perfect center piece to our catered celebration!Thanks again K.A.K's! You can bet we'll be around again for some of those cupcakes and macaroons you bake up daily, just let us recuperate a little before our next prized fight.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,9/28/2012,331,207,9,11,7>I guess the Chinese is coming around to invade sushi too.   If you are going for sheer quantity over quality this is place to go.  The variety is excellent, and as far as I am concerned, the sushi wasn't  bad.  Most of the sauces on their rolls are similar either with eel sauce, mayo, or spicy mayo.  Nothing fancy as Bao mentioned.  I enjoyed the Rainbow, Dragon, Desert, and the Baked Scallop rolls.  The Surf Clam was on the rubbery side.   My friend had grabbed the squid salad.  It didn't taste fresh.  I'm assuming it's been circling around the belt.  Service is  very friendly and attentive.  This place is hard to spot.  It is located in a strip plaza behind US Bank next to Pita Jungle.  If you want something affordable, filling, and still tasty, this is great!
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/27/2012,442,101,3,8,5>I came here after receiving a free pizza at a Yelp event.  Upper Crust had some of the best food at the event so I couldn't wait to have dinner at the restaurant.  My friend and I came here on a Wednesday and were pleasantly surprised it was 1/2 off a bottle of wine day.  I can't remember exactly which wine we ordered, but it was a Shiraz and it was good.  We shared a happy hour appetizer of mild wings and a large pepperoni pizza with basil.  It was all so delicious!  I also came here a different day with my boyfriend and we shared the meatballs with cheese on top and a large pizza with pepperoni, sausage, and basil.  Again, it was very tasty!   Everyone was very friendly and prompt.  I will be back to Upper Crust!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/26/2012,215,277,6,9,6>CenPho's latest is a BEAUTIFUL FULL-ON ALE HOUSE!Just stopped by to check the place out and was flagged down by the nicest husband and wife team who invited me in! The place is spectacular! A large spacey room and a huge outdoor patio with an incredible view of Downtown.I'm from Milwaukee and this place sends me back to "the way things are supposed to be" ... it's beer, it's people ... it's HOME!I can't wait to go back for more!Oh yeah ... of course they have got a huge looooooooong wall of a gazillion beers on-tap!Fantastic!!!
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,9/25/2012,242,266,7,13,13>We are always loking for places to eat that remind us of places we've lived or visited.  On this day it seemed like a good day for a Louisiana roast beef po-boy. We've been to Johnny's and to Pakway's several times in New Orleans and they both serve these amazing hot roast beef po-boys, dripping in sauce (mixture of beef au jus and mayo) topped lightly with a little lettuce, a few tomatoes and pickles all wrapped up in a very crunchy baguette role. So we Yelped po-boy places and Flavors of Louisiana popped up.  At first we had a hard time finding the Flavors of Louisiana.  Its set off the very busiy road in a small strip center, so look for their sign atop the building.  The Yelp directions will take you right to it. Well we were hopping to find a roast beef po-boy like we would get at Johnny's or Parkway's in New Orleans but... not here unfortunately.  What we did find was an amazing shrimp po-boy and some excellent fried catfish topped with crawfish étouffée.   Both were very good and very similar to what we would find in New Orleans.  We also had some gumbo, which was good but missing the roux was too thin and missing the andouille sausage but had plenty of shrimp and crab.  This is a great place to eat if you're craving some southern fried catfish or even a fried shrimp po-boy!  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/24/2012,481,131,10,16,12>5 stars for opening! We have been watching the building change from Chueys to Uncle Bears and were excited to see it open today!! Minus 2 stars because it was a small opening. If we didn't drive by, we would have never known. Overall it's a great place, great food. Cant even tell what was there before. Try to go in before the rest of the West Side knows they are open. 2 stars back for the overall experience from entrance, food, service and exit. For a total of 5 stars. Not many places get 5 stars för me.  ;) The line was short, the staff was courteous. Which I LOVE! Nothing is worse than a new restrauant and the staff is impatient. Some of us need a little extra time to read the menu.   Excited to have a new place to eat in Surprise. give them a try. :)
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,9/23/2012,189,498,4,10,8>Finally made it to a Lo-Lo's!  Met up with some folks for the Yelp Breakfast Club's first meeting.  I had the Stupid Fries which were very good.  I will have to go another time to try the chicken and waffles which were receiving high marks from everyone else at the table.  Service was good.  We got there early enough on a Sunday so we didn't have to wait for seating.  They only seat complete parties and don't split checks so bring cash for a group.  They do provide a receipt identified by seating position.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/22/2012,280,572,12,14,11>So my husband had been traveling on business almost every week for 2 months.  He's finally home, and his company hosts some sort of conference at The Boulders.  He was planning to drive in from Scottsdale each day, but they "forced" him to stay.  So I was also "forced" to stay his last night there.  It was a sacrifice no wife should have to make, but I sucked it up and did so...for him, because I'm that kind of a person.First of all, this is not just your typical resort.  I was greeted at the guard station by a roadrunner.  How cool is that?  On the drive in from the gate, I was amazed at the size of this property.  It is roughly 1300 acres of beautiful desert with a couple golf courses sprinkled in the mix.   Wildlife galore.  You know the phrase "multiplying like rabbits?"  I get it now.  They are everywhere, as are quail.  I'm sure there are also less desirable residents, like the mouse that ran up to me outside the lobby like an old friend, but it's his home, too!The casitas are so charming, and I mean that in a good way.  Nice sitting area with a fireplace, incredibly comfortable beds, and huge bathrooms.  The walk-in closet was larger than my closet at home.  There is a nice little vanity area just off the bathroom for the ladies to sit and apply the makeup they claim to not wear.  Our balcony off the back of the casita was completely private.  You could not even see another casita from there!Since the resort is so large, there are always golf carts available upon request to take you anywhere on grounds or to the neighboring El Pedregal for shopping or dining.  This service is especially beneficial in the summer as many of the casitas are quite far from the lobby or parking.  And speaking of parking, no charge for either self-park or valet.  Complimentary bottled water as well.  And not only is The Boulders pet friendly, they have a pet program with special meals and photo sessions.  Seriously.  If I had a pet, this is where it would want to stay.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,9/21/2012,2276,947,14,28,28>About a year and a half ago Yelp hosted a Non-Profit "Yelp Helps" evening downtown in Phoenix.  It was an incredible event that in some ways changed my family's life.  You see, after putting on my name tag and riding the elevator up to the event, I was greeted by our Yelp Community Manager Lindsey, who in short order handed me the cutest Chihuahua named Christian.Christian was so small and clearly very frightened by all the noise.  I walked around the various organization booths, stopping at the Lost Our Home area while hold Christian.  At some point Lindsey asked for him back; and sadly, I said my goodbyes to the little guy.  The next day, I found myself searching on-line for the Lost Our Home website.  Looking over their requirements and of course, the pups.  Don't get me wrong, I call all dogs pups.  And guess what?  I found a cute little Morkie  named "Chloe" on their Adoptions page.  See photos.A Morkie, I learned, is a Maltese and Yorkie mix.  I made a few phone calls and arranged for one of the Volunteers to stop by my home with Chloe to see if she would feel comfortable with our other dog, Oliver and our two cats.That Sunday, Chloe arrived and she seemed to fit in really well. After the volunteer left we had our family discussion and it was a go!  Later that week we adopted Chloe and she was dropped off at my office soon after.What you need to know, is how straight forward and easy a process adopting a "foreclosure" animal is from Lost Our Home.  They have many Veterinarian who offer their services on a per diem/pay as you can basis.  It will change your life.  trust me!BTW, they are looking for Volunteers.  Hint. Hint.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,9/20/2012,327,204,8,13,12>This place was just great, and I can't wait to return!Wy-Knot is fairly new cafe that knows what diners want. They serve up hearty portions of delicious (and sometimes healthy) food. I went for brunch and ordered the herb-roasted turkey and brie sandwich with a Moroccan beet salad. The sandwich was big and scrumptious! There's really an art to the proper portion size of a sandwich, and I'm happy to report that Wy-Knot gets it right (at least in my opinion). Earthy and flavorful, the beet salad was also a winner. Be sure that you enjoy beets though! While eating, I was treated to live music, and, layered on top of uber friendly service, that really added to the mood of this place. It's casual, it's chill, and it's good.One last thing I got to try was some of their blueberry pancakes. Wy-Knot bakes their pancakes rather than fry them, and it really makes their pancakes uniquely their own. I almost can't imagine ordering a stack of them because they're so huge...it would be like eating a cake! The cakes loaded with fresh blueberries, and I mean loaded; a picture will be posted! The blueberries were piping hot, and they were actually in there! I say that because I've ordered similar pancakes, and I've found that the fruit had dissolved into cake. Not at Wy-Knot! Did I mention that I was in pancake heaven? Anyways... I like this place, and I hope to see more and more places like this popping up in the valley!
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2008,5/7/2008,12,44,6,9,7>Pholicious is a new vietnamese restaurant that just opened in Peoria.  I just love the name of this restaurant: PHO - [pronounced fuh, or fur] is vietnamese beef noodle soup that has existed for more than 90 years + LICIOUS - these days you can add that suffix to just about any base word and you know it is something good. Anyways, got a flyer in the mail for this place and being a fan of vietnamese food decided to give it a go.  We walked in to a restaurant filled with Vietnamese people.  Now this gets me excited because I know it has to be authentic and delicious.  I ordered a cup of crab/asparagus soup - $2.95 for a cup!  And more than a generous amount. Shrimp fried rice - $7.95! Delicious, tasty, cooked to perfection.  The shrimp were not the baby shrimp, but were rather large.  D. ordered the vermicelli w/beef - $6.95!  This was an absolutely delicious dish, extremely flavorful. There are sooooo many things to try on this menu, the selection is huge and the prices cannot be beat.  I know we will be back soon to dine-in or order take-out.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2007,5/6/2008,241,239,14,13,10>Scottsdale, in Native American, translates to "Land of fake boobs and day spas." You can find both at Hotel Valley Ho. But this review is only for the spa...If you're looking for a expansive, over-the-top spa, complete with 4 dipping pools, 3 jacuzzis, 2 saunas, and an acre locker room, this isn't the place for you. But if you're looking for a low-key spa with friendly attendants, clean facilities, and a great deal then you should check this out this place.Facilties: a smallish locker room, 2 showers, 2 full-bathrooms with vanity area, a steamroom, and waiting room. With any treatment of 1 hour or more, you get full access to the fitness room. Complimentary shampoo, conditioner, facewash, lotions are available in the locker room, along with disposable brushes, combs, and razors. While you wait, enjoy some lemon water or Forte tea.Services: Massages, body treatments, and facials. I opted for the 90-minute Lomi Lomi which included a body scrub and massage.Value: Comparable to other spas in the Valley. However, they currently have a coupon on their website that gives you $25 off any 60- or 90-minute treatment. They also accept Spa Finder certificates ($100 certificates available at Costco for $80). Combine these things and you can enjoy the 90-minutes of heaven for $160, (20% tip included).Valet parking available ($12 for overnight guests, free for visitors).
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,5/5/2008,15,2,7,11,9>So this review is a little late in coming - The domestic atmosphere in my life has been a bit suffocating in these last couple days - Wednesday was a particularly stifling night, and for a mid-week change my boyfriend Nathan and I decided to go out to diner instead of just lounging around the house. After a long debate on where to go and the realization that it was almost 9:00 and bar food would soon become our only option, we stopped in the Melrose District outside a little Italian place called Harley's. Even on a Wednesday they were open until 10:00 - The bar, until 11:00 ... Huge sigh of relief.We were greeted warmly and seated in front of these huge windows that look over Copper Star Coffee and Revolver Records (reviews to follow). Warm fresh baked bread with cracked spices in olive oil for dipping started us off. We were talked in to the Mozzarella in Carrozza as an appetizer - This may very well be my boyfriends new food favorite ... It's a thick slice of mozzarella sandwiched between two pieces of bread and lightly fried ... that's right, a kick butt fried grilled cheese ... with home made marinara on top, not that ghetto crap in a can style of sauce. As an entre I had the Pollo Marsala and Fettuccine Alfredo, by far the best I have ever had. The marsala was slightly sweet, served over chicken that was cooked to perfection, and the alfredo was super light in taste and texture ... Not to mention the fact that our service was impeccable, drinks never ran dry and the bread basket was always refilled.I'd like to send a special thanks to our waiter Justin - He was a riot. He knew about everything on the menu, made perfect diner recommendations and was able to convince me and my boyfriend of at least three different lunches, diners and deserts that we plan on returning to try. He's a local artist with a fantastic sense of humor and a true talent for turning a not so hot evening into a night spent in laughter over little plates of heaven.If you stop by I recommend joining the email list so you can get the weekend update on dinner and drink specials - If you manage it, any leftovers will be boxed up for you, labeled clearly and double wrapped in cellophane for easy, spill proof transport to the fridge. Prices are super reasonable too - bigger portions and better food for the same price if not less than the chain style restaurants like, dare I say it, Olive Garden ... Also a portion of the proceeds this Thursday, the 24th, will be spent helping to raise money for the Food for Life charity. What could be better, fill your belly without empting your wallet and giving back to a good cause at the same time ... Dig it!
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2007,5/4/2008,48,94,8,6,6>I'll continue the broken record (get it?  BROKEN RECORD.  MUSIC STORE.  I suck.) and shamelessly laud this place.  Being consistently behind the times, I only found Stinkweeds last week (and that was only due to Yelp- Thanks Yelp!).  I'd been quite frustrated going into big box stores only to find copy after copy of Fergalicious, but no indie rock to speak of.  Stinkweeds is a fresh breath of musical air.  Lesser known bands, discount used copies, workers with great suggestions.  I'll drive the 30 minutes to go here.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2008,5/3/2008,37,145,2,6,6>5 stars for the excellent service and delicious food! Everything we had was great but the one thing that stood out for me was the Green Chile Mac 'N Cheese!! Thanks to all previous yelpers for this recommendation! : ) Neither the green chile nor the cheese was overpowering but with each bite, there was definitely a "kick" to it!  YUMMY!!!!  I am now on a mission to get that recipe!!! : )
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,5/2/2008,171,163,9,13,16>I call this... "Ode To The Only Resturant I Truely Love"My parents went to school with the owner's kids. They remember when it was a walk-up window take out place. Infact, when my father picked my mother and I up from the hospital after I was born, the FIRST stop they made on the way back to the rez was Poncho's! One of the co-owners likes to laugh and say that she saw me before most of my family did! I went from being in a car seat gurgling as my relatives chomped on the best chips in town served with some awesome hot sauce that hasn't really changed since I was young. To being a little girl who always ordered the deep friend tortilla wrapped hot dogs with crinkle cut french fries and the BEST coldest ketchup I ever had!! To being a young woman who brought every single close friend I met while being away at school or through the native pageant circuit to enjoy the wonders that is "The Works". My FAVORITE meal there is the cheese crisp as an appetizer, Combination #18 which is two tacos (i always order beef!), rice & beans. They have the best beans EVER!! And the rice is awesome too! I've had all the desserts on their menu and nothing really jumps out at me. I guess I still love the family tradition of going to the water & ice cream shop for thrifty ice cream before heading home! I have had many experiences at this resturant. I've held my high school graduation party there; this resturant was the place where I signed a contract that made me the goodwill ambassador of my people for nearly a year; it was from their bar that I had my first LEGAL margarita on my 21st birthday, it was also the place where my then boyfriend got on one knee and asked me to marry him, and it was their waitresses who said "to HELL with him!!" when we ended our engagement. It's a wonderful place to me, I like that I can go in and say "Hi Marty!" to their one time waitress who now manages the resturant. and have her yell, "HI CHERYL!!" Yes... that's right!! That's how long she has known me!! She can call me Cheryl and get away with it!! I also love the other long time co-owners/managers. There is one that always wants to buy a certain piece of jewelry off of me. And another who always laughes when I bring someone new in. Poncho's is a place of regulars... LONG time regulars. and i think this is what every great restuant needs. Local, long time regulars who grow with the restuant. Who bring in new friends to enjoy the huge wonderful chimichangas or the Presidential Special and laugh over delicious enchiladas while a secret service agent (who kinda looks like leslie nealson if u ask me) painted on the wall watches on. While a bustling resturant does what it does best: offer homestyled, friendly, affordable and great food to it's old time regulars and it's about-to-become regulars.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2008,5/1/2008,367,544,9,11,8>So I'm sitting here at Sky Harbor, trying to get Yelp to load on my husband's internet communication device when I said to myself  "self....you have your laptop...and this airport has free wifi!"I mean that in and of itself is great.  There is nothing more I hate than paying $5 or even $10 to feed my internet addiction for an hour or so.I never seem to have the problems that others have with this airport....my luggage doesn't take forever to hit the carousel (although I have picked up friends and relatives here and have had that happen....), security is a breeze (granted, I'm usually taking the red eye or the first flight out but such is the case when you fly to the East Coast), and as I sit here at 10:50 there is a full bar open still serving food and drink...and they will be open until 12.If you think the gates here are far apart or its too big then don't ever fly into Newark, JFK, or LGA.  I once had to walk over a mile next to the runway to get to the stupid Marine Air Terminal.  This airport only has three terminals which are pretty small in comparison to other cities.  You could walk for days in Houston to get to your gate.  Parking here is cheap in comparison to the airports back East.  Just a few bucks for an hour or so.  My mom and uncle picked us up at Newark in December and for 45 minutes it cost nearly $10!  I know that JFK and LGA would be similar, not to mention the cost of the bridges and tolls getting to those airports.  Getting to Sky Harbor is always a breeze for me.And I guarantee you that you will never have a snow delay or cancellation or wait to have them de-ice your plane.I also think that the terminals here have pretty good amenities and shops.  (Except for Terminal 3) Its not the kind of mall you find in say, Pittsburgh, but it isn't the grass huts of Kona either. Perhaps I'm lucky.  But thats cool and I'll enjoy my luck to the fullest until it runs out.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,4/30/2008,275,417,4,10,7>First motorcycle means the excitement and agony of buying all new gear.  The excitement is getting all this new gear and picking out stuff that suits you or your alter-ego.  The agony part is that I never imagined that there was sooo much to choose from.  Not only are there an array of manufacturers, but a lot of different styles, designs and colors within each. This leads to bewilderment.  But, thanks to a couple of moto buddies, I picked out the right gear for me. Helmet Harbor is the place I bought it from and here's why they get five stars....1) Excellent customer service.  They're small, so they can't always answer the phone, but they'll call back within 24-hours and apologize for not getting back sooner.  They'll stay on the phone and offer advice and suggestions about gear. 2) No tax and no shipping charges!!! I had to buy a lot, so saving a few bucks was sweet.3) Quick service.  I placed an order on Wednesday and had it by Friday just in time for the weekend.4) Easy returns.  I ordered the wrong size in something and had to send it back.  They posted the credit to my Visa the same day they received it. Helmet Harbor will be my go to shop for gear from here on out.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,4/29/2008,23,44,5,11,7>My wife has now gotten me Wicked Bakery's cupcakes for my last two birthdays...They are wonderful!  I have never had softer or more fluffy cupcakes in my life!  Yes they can be a bit pricey, but the convenience of ordering on line and picking up in person is worth it...We ordered 3 different types and loved all three...We got the peanut butter and chocolate chip, chocolate volcano, and the red velvet...All amazing!This quaint little place churns out some pretty fantastic stuff and I cannot wait for another chance to go there!What mongrel doesn't like a good cupcake!!!!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2007,4/28/2008,36,37,1,5,6>I am a coffee snob.At first I was put off by this place because of the lack of any decor or "coffee shop" feel. There is a huge bar, and a couple of couches, but it lacked the usual university students hanging out with their laptops and books. (Probably because of the summer, and distance from the university). However, the woman at the counter was super friendly and ended up serving me the best coffee I have had in Tempe so far. Bubble Tea is their most popular drink here, but they also have ice cream, fappes, and espresso drinks. They have only been open for 5 months (they had a different location before) but they have the drinks down pat. EDIT: I noticed the other day that the espresso machine they use was a super-automatic. That really surprised me because usually that is a signal for "run, the coffee will be bad." Still, the coffee is good. A little on the sweet side for an iced latte with an extra shot, and just a little flavor. But everyone of my friends who have tried it have loved it.  I am also pretty sure the soy is free there :D yay. So I guess the espresso must just be really good quality there if it can go through a super automatic and come out pretty good. I will keep looking for the best iced soy latte in town but so far this is my pick.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,12/6/2011,145,177,5,9,8>WoW!   So legit, the real Japanese sushi experience is at Hiro.  Without any special motif or hip Scottsdale decor, it's Japanese and sushi at it's BEST!  Chefs..Japanese, who greeted every person that was walking through the door. It's  pretty small place, like ones found in Japan, and has one of the longest sushi bars I've seen in Arizona.   With daily specials written on the wall including conch (From Florida) in miso to spicy scallop rolls that are sweet and spicy.  The seaweed salad is always a great way to being your meal, Hiro's tempura was crispy and light, and the sushi was very fresh.  It is so hard to find a REAL sushi house and this one that I will be going back again and again!  The service was great all in all from beginning to finish.  We walked in not knowing what to expect, the prices seemed reasonable for sushi and we walked out knowing this hidden gem, is the place to be for sushi !  P.S.First Asian restaurant I've seen in Scottsdale, that I've seen alot of Japanese go to, AWESOME cause I know it must be fresh and good! And it was.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,12/5/2011,744,637,15,12,11>Nami is delish and nutrish. Definitely one of the best places to get some yummy Soy-Nami in Phoenix. Next door to Green Vegetarian, The place seems to attract the skinny jeans/asymmetrically hair brigade. Great place to people watch that's for sure.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,12/4/2011,331,207,6,7,8>I am little late to review this, but better now than never.   I had a fun time attending the first Yelp AZ International Supper Club at Pho Thanh.   It was a perfect pick by Gabi as I was really craving for Vietnamese food that night.  I had ordered the Bun Bi Cha Gio (vermicelli with eggrolls, seasoned shredded pork, vegetables, crushed peanuts and fish sauce).  This is the best noodle dish especially when outside is so hot!   It will definitely cool you off.   I also had the whole young coconut.  The coconut juice and the meat were so fresh.  You might need to have some serious elbow grease to remove the meat inside the coconut.  I would warn the people sitting around in case you hit them.  Sorry to be so critical but I was so excited to have a "Vietnamese" restaurant in the 'hood.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,12/3/2011,302,469,5,9,5>Blue moon @ happy hour is $2.50. Sold!!! Funny, that coming from a woman who drinks wine alot and is not a true beer lover, but I do love me some blue moon. When I found how cheap it was on happy hour as well as looking over the menu I was sold. Well I must credit the boyfriend as he was the one that said, I want to go there. So off we went. It is a cute little place and I must say I was a little concerned when I pulled up because there were no cars in the parking lot. Hmmm not a good sign I thought. When we walked in, there were a few tables occupied and I was like eh, who cares, we came for the food. Our fabulous and friendly waitress (who's name I cannot remember) :( came over to greet us and take our order. Again I was bouncing off the walls because of the blue moon happy hour special. I mean anywhere else and it is $5 a glass unless you find a rare place that also has it on happy hour. They came served in small mason jar and the BF was like hmmm what the? I can't hold this, its too dainty for me. I swear lol. So on to the food. I ordered the stuffed burger that was essentially two big ass patties stuffed with peppers, mushrooms and bacon. Just greedy!!! BF order the bbq platter that came with brisket, pulled pork, baby back ribs and beef ribs. Good lord that was alot of food. I am still amazed that I ate my burger as you really can't take it home to eat it as leftovers and there was no way I was leaving any. BF on the other hand ate all the pulled pork and brisket but couldn't eat any more as the portion was huge so needless to say, I have ribs to eat for dinner later. Score for me. Oh and kicker to this, I happened to check in on YELP and ding, ding, ding, we ended up getting a free dessert! I truly had no room for it and yes I should have saved it but alas we got the strawberry shortcake to top off our gluttony for the night and it was delicious as well. So if you happen to be in North Phx, check out this place. It is cute and small, the waitresses are great, the portions are big. Win-win in my book.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,12/2/2011,337,291,5,6,7>Pascucci is a great place for a bite, brew or something sweet.  they're open late too--it's a nice place to go when you're not in the mood to go bar-hopping.  This was my second visit to Pascucci Coffee.  Once again the staff were polite, helpful and prompt.  Pascucci serves chilled blended coffees, hot coffee and a variety of espresso drinks (not as big of a selection of Starbucks, but when the quality of brew is superior this was the last thing on my mind).  I sampled a few flavors of gelato, (sugar free vanilla and chocolate--both were decadent, flavorful and didn't have an aftertaste of artificial sweetener), while I debated on my drink order.  It was a chilly  night so I opted for a coffee; my Americano was one of the best I've had.  The espresso has a slightly sweet and nutty flavor--I didn't have to add much sugar and cream to please my palette.  Absolutely no bitterness from first sip to the very last drop.  My date said that the white chocolate latte was delicious.  We savored every sip as we lounged on the covered patio.  I love this place because there are many seating options to choose from:  patio, covered patio, comfy chairs, tables, or the bar.  Plus, you can get a bite to eat too.  The menu items looked really fresh and tasty--everything in made-to-order.  Obviously, I'll be back.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,12/1/2011,357,399,6,11,10>I have driven by Flancer's so many times and said "I need to try that place" to myself every time I do.  Well the time finally came!  My friend Robyn N. had a Groupon and invited me to luch. For some reason I was thinking it was a tad more upscale than it actually is but that's not a bad thing.  I only really say the front half of the restaurant because we were seated just inside the door. It's sort of a divey little place with the kitchen visable as you walk in. It could be a little cleaner for my taste. Don't get me wrong, we didn't stick to the table or the seats but I then I grew up with a mom who was a little OCD and our kitchen floor was so clean you could eat off of it.  The service was fast and friendly.  We had the goat cheese bruscheta and it was yummy!!!  There were 5 good size slices.  That was pleanty to share.  For lunch I tried the cheesesteak.  Oh so good!!  The bread was so fresh and yummy and the cheesesteak had great flavor.  The cheese was nicely melted and the meat was tender.  I also had sweet potato fries that were a lovely crispy treat!  Will I go back....you bet!  I won't be so apt to drive right by now.
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,11/30/2011,1114,557,7,11,12>Cool little store. Staff was friendly and helpful. I chose a Ryan Cream soda. It was really good. The kids grabbed some candy and a drink each. 3 sodas 2 candies $10 bucks.  Pros: Unusual drinks and candy from back in the past and some new stuff added in. Cons: I walked the store 4x and didn't really notice a pattern except the sugar free candy and the diet soda we lumped together. They also sell repro signs and posters...they add a nice touch to the building.
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,11/29/2011,2178,528,30,23,24>So. Fabulouso! I'm cereal. From the chips and salsa to the green chile cheese crisp to the endless parade of margaritas and shots of tequila right down to my bean tostada, out of this world tamale and cheesey cheese ensheelotta....Well...If it were legal to marry a restaurant, I would seriously consider courting Via Delosantos. But it's not. Can't marry a goat. Can't marry a gay. Can't marry a restaurant. We had attentive and friendly service and was informed because it was 9:30 it was last call. So we ordered up! Went with my besties who are regulars so I feel as though we were extra pampered. Extremely generous tequila list. Comfortable and cozy decor. Clean restrooms. Great company and delicious food.As Arnold says "I'll be backito!"
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,11/28/2011,311,459,8,8,9>Although I've had Sweet Republic ice cream and sorbet in other venues, today (Sweet Republic's 3rd birthday) was the first time I was able to have the ice cream in the store itself. It was nice to be able to sample different flavors - especially since a number of them are quite unique - before choosing the one I had today (salted caramel). Audrey W, who was also there today, told me to get jalapeno avocado but they ran out of that flavor; apparently it's very popular. All the flavors I tried were very good, and after watching my friend and fellow yelper Jacob P. win the toffee banofi sundae eating contest this afternoon (he finished a humongous serving in about 3 minutes), I know I'll need to try that flavor next time!
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,11/27/2011,1078,310,5,8,8>**Ladies** try the Lambic Black Cherry Ale. It's so good- and so is the Rasberry Framboise.  This is a cool spot when you want to be casual, and get friendly service. It satisfies my monthly dive bar craving.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/23/2008,7/12/2008,493,165,6,10,9>"Real Japanese cuisine"  For all those that think Teppan style is authentic Japanese food I hope my yelp opens your eyes. Don't get me wrong I love to eat with a group of friends at Kyoto.  But know that the Teppan style cooking is an authentic tourist trap created by a chain restaurant owner in Japan.  The ReviewI like the Kyoto bowl for but a good Japanese food.  The chiefs create a great experience and atmosphere and the Sushi is pretty good.  I have eaten here a few times, and have had a saki bomb here or there. I learned the hard way how power full the drinks are so use with caution.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2008,7/11/2008,15,15,15,11,11>TRAVEL ALERT/ALERTE DE VIAJE: The State Department wants you to know about new travel restrictions for entering and exiting countries subject to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiatve, including Mexico. As of June 1, 2009 travelers must possess either a passport, passport card, or WHTI-compliant identification to enter the US by air, land or sea. Contrary to popular belief however, Americans will be able to visit the Phoenix Ranch Market without documentation.GENERAL DESCRIPTION/DESCRIPCION GENERAL: Phoenix Ranch Market III is an upmarket Mexican-style mercado complete with an interior food court called "La Cocina" (The Kitchen). It is located in a rather unpleasant part of town, but manages to attract a large following of gringos eager to inject some diversity into their palette without risking turista.THE FOOD/LA ALIMENTACIN: Offerings in "La Cocina" run the gamut from Mexican style tortas, to more iconic tacos and burritos. Many items offer a choice of meat, from ham to carne asada, to carnitas. A separate area offers various seafood dishes. Everything is ala carte, suprising those hoping to economize using an American style "combo".  Despite this, "La Cocina" remains popular, especially at lunch time.SERVICE/SERVICIO: All orders are taken by an attendant standing next to the line for the cashier. Most guests do not wait long before placing the order. Some have reported difficulty communicating with the attendant however, the other employees tend to have command of the English language. Visitors are responsible for retrieving their own orders and seating themselves at long bench-style tables. PRICES/PRCIOS: Like Mexico itself, the Ranch Market is not the bargain it is made out to be. Prices that may look low for entrees quickly increase when adding in the cost of beverages, churros, and gas. Most respondents however, believe that the mercado occupies an important niche between true fast food and more sophisticated self-serve meals. SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS/CONSIDERACIONES ESPECIAL: Some have accused the Phoenix Ranch Market from being too acommodating to non-Latino customers. While this concern cannot be dismissed, it is obviously the case that all of Mexico has fallen to this trend. New hotels now gleam along the shoreline in Puerto Penasco, golf courses spourt in the arid desert outside Cabo San Lucas, all while Costcos can be found in such tourist-heavy states as Veracruz and Guanajuato. The Calderon Government and America's Hispanics will have to confront the tension between assimilation and authenticity one agua fresca at a time.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,7/10/2008,177,185,5,11,9>I've been going to Crazy Jim's for at least 12 years and it is one of my favorite spots for anything Feta. I have probably had every item on the menu throughout this 12 year relationship and have never had anything I did not like. Here are my top 5: 1. Gyro Feta Pita (loaded with gyro meat, onions, tomatoes, and feta)2. Spring Mix Chicken Feta Salad (Enough to feed two people)3. Calamari Feta Salad (Crunchy and tasty) 4. Penelope Pizza (Chicken and Artichoke)5. Fresh Warm Pita Bread (a must have)The restaurant is cozy, casual, clean, and the staff is very friendly and prompt.  I have tried other Greek restaurants in Phx that have either been way to gimmicky or a total bust and none compare to Crazy Jim's. If anything ever happened to this place I would go "CRAZY"!!!!!!
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,7/9/2008,32,24,7,7,8>Oh, how I love thee Ticoz.  From your close proximity to my work making for the perfect happy hour spot, to your very large glasses of pinot grigio highlighted by your awesome patio with the couches.  And, let's not forget about the great food and the wonderfully adorable bartenders and servers.My first time at Ticoz was last summer for a birthday happy hour.  It was hot and sweaty, but I had a great time.  About 10 of us gathered on the patio and talked and laughed until the sun went down.  I've had quite a few happy hours here and 1 lunch and one evening meal.  The lunch was amazing!  I don't remember what it was called, I believe "palm frond chicken" or something to that effect.  Their chop salad is to-die-for with a light dressing and corn, garbanzos.  Just amazing.  Their service is always great and when I was going in regularly they always remembered me and knew what my friend and I wanted to drink.  They've taken down their sign (don't know why) so it is a little harder to find now and its kindof a bitch getting there when 7th St has that suicide lane thing going (thats a whole nother review) but I will always love this place and will deal with the traffic to get there.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,7/8/2008,44,30,6,10,12>this was an amazing experience that takes dedication, committment, passion and love.  Lilke a fine cook uses the freshest ingredients in their meal preparation, what you put into it is what you get out.  this was the most physically demanding, and mentally challenging event I have ever participated in.  In the end, it was all well worth it. In fact I look forward to the next one.  The event was well run and extremely organized. The crowd support was amazing and motivational.  I look forward to volunteering the future to help the next iron athletes achieve their goals.  the day was the hottest day in AZ to date at 95 degrees for the year and had 25 mph winds.  This made the finish line even more sweet.  of the 2035 or so athletes we saw a 19 percent attrition rate of people who didn't finish. this is one of the worst in Ironman History. This was no doubt due to the extreme weather conditions.  In the end of a race like this its not longer about time but rather finishing and pushing through the temorary hardships mentally and physcially.  I was so elated to have made it to the finish line I didn't even hear the announcer say my name.  However, it didn't matter. Embracing the medal at the line is like embracing your newborn at birth. You hold onto that puppy like your life depends on it and feel so relieved and full of joy that words can't even describe the emotion.  I encourage anyone who is thinking about embarking on an ironman journey to make the first step .... SIGN UP TODAY and good luck. Zack
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2008,7/7/2008,97,136,10,13,11>Caramel. Creme. Macaroon.To die for.I got one due to all the rave reviews and eagerly scurried to my car with takeaway coffee in hand, unwrapped the pastry delight, and took one bite...uttering "oh my god" * as I devoured the entire thing on the drive to work. The coffee was good too, but I barely noticed. CCM's - I'm yours: truly, madly, deeply.* I really did this. Alone. In my car.===UPDATE===So the chocolate macaroon isn't as nirvana-inducing as the caramel, but it is good. The little box of sweets I bought for a friend? Yeah, I had half of them before she even had a chance. And the egg sandwich? Yum! Very simple but mighty tasty with Havarti & tomato and a nice light breakfast choice.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2008,7/4/2008,4473,1489,9,19,17>My boyfriend summed up our experience at Coup Des Tartes pretty well, even with the spelling and grammar issues - I swear he's college educated; he just thinks it's 'kool' to 'right' in his own unique style :)I'm just going to add my own two cents...After reading so many great reviews of this place, we were both pretty excited to try it out.  I made our reservations online with no problem.  As he said, going on a Wednesday night was perfect - it was not too crowded and we received great service. Claire and Mona took great care of us... great ambiance and food too - To start, I went with the Roquefort Salad (their signature salad) and it was delicious! Jared was happy with his mussels appetizer as well.  They brought plenty of bread and butter for him to sop up the sauce as well - it too was fresh, moist, and yummy. Jared had the chicken entree and I had the lobster... I really enjoyed it - the lobster itself was flavorful and it also had a light sweet sauce (with coconut) that enhanced each bite.  I liked that it came with asparagus as well as a risotto.  I didn't love that the risotto had pineapple in it, but that may be just me.  We didn't need it but J twisted my arm to share a dessert... chocolate crusted cheesecake with an orange sauce and fresh berries - the perfect sweet ending to a wonderful meal!If you like quaint, unique, local places, check out Coup Des Tartes - you won't be disappointed!
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,7/3/2008,202,13,12,11,11>So I was going to china chili for lunch and on the way I passed this purple square building with bbq graffed all over it, naturally I hit my e-brake and made a u-turn straight out of the movie bullit. The place is a hole but the people who cook there truly love bbq, I got the ribs and a pulled pork sandwich with some purple drink (grape for the white kids)  to wash it down with. The ribs were dope for sure, my pork sandwich was aight but didn't hold a candle to the ribs. I like this place allot there are some service issues, but  when I left the bbq master was outside he yelled "hot did you like the Q" I smiled and threw him some thumbs. (i guess you had to be there)
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/5/2008,7/1/2008,534,573,9,10,10>S has been on Yelp searching cool places for me to try during my visit here to the Phoenix area.Being away from home and wanting some comfort food, S suggested that I try Sake Bomber to get my sushi fix. The location was in close proximity to my hotel so I made arrangements for transportation to the restaurant. The staff at the front desk mentioned that the food there was pretty good.So, let's put that into perspective...I'm sure that there are many fine restaurants in the Phoenix area. When I'm visiting I love to experience restaurants (not chain) to get a taste of the local flavor. I'll have to say that SakeBomber is not the best representative of what Japanese food should be...I arrived during happy hour and the wait staff was very friendly and accommodating. I had imagined that I might be able to catch up on some reading while dining - but this was not the case. A patron of the restaurant, who thought he was being funny, was loud and demanding more drinks from the server. The dark interior, dim lighting and thumping music wasn't conducive to a serene dining experience. Oh well, I was here to get my sushi fix. I'm thinking that I shouldn't judge on appearances and maybe, just maybe, the sushi would redeem the thoughts that were going through my head.First came the gyoza and agedashi tofu. The gyoza was ok, but was very disappointed with the agedashi. I'm used to the agedashi dishes from Gombei or Hoshi's - piping hot chunks of creamy deep friend tofu, swimming in that wonderful sauce, covered with bonito flakes, grated ginger and radish. Instead I got chunks of barely warm firm tofu arranged on a platter with tempura sauce and sprinkled with a few green onions. I was hungry so, I ate it. I must admit that the salmon skin roll was the best deal of it all - 8 pieces of salmon skin nigiri with grilled asparagus and carrots. It was filling as well as yummy. I also had smoke salmon and hamachi maki. The fish was not the best I ever had, but I think that the sake I had during dinner helped the experience along with watching the snow boarding competition on the big screen TV behind the bar. I called the hotel shuttle to pick me up after dinner. I had to chuckle when the driver asked, "How in the world did you end up at SakeBombers?""You see," I told him. "It was like this..."
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2008,6/29/2008,93,110,10,11,7>This is definitely the place to get cheap eats on the fly!The Need: a good lunch close to my work - hopefully one that I had not been to yet.The Restriction: $7 in singles to my nameThe Rescue:  I reached out to the Phx Yelp community on the talk boards for help with my lunch conundrum and Amanda B. came to the rescue.The Verdict:  I've seen Phoenix House of Pizza and Subs many, many times driving near my work.  Honestly, I always thought it was some sort of front for illegal activities or a place where kidnapped children were kept.  The outside isn't very appealing and the surrounding establishments in the strip mall are a little sketchy and unkempt looking.  So, by association, it wasn't on my list of places to check out anytime soon.I took a co-worker/witness with me (remember...strength in numbers) and headed to get a slice or two.  Inside was very different from the outside perception.  It is a huge space with a lot of dining tables and is very clean minus a few uncleared tables.  We each ordered two big slices - him sausage and me pepperoni, green pepper, and pineapple.  Yum!  It was cooked to order (although a tiny bit burnt) and nice and hot.  You won't find pizza that has sat under the lamps for hours on end.  There are a variety of condiments (red pepper flakes, parmesean, etc.) and they also have a few desserts.  I haven't ventured to the sub side yet - maybe next time.  What's even better?  My two custom pie slices rang in at just under $7.  Oh yeah!So, I didn't witness any illegal activities or see any kidnapped children, but I did manage to have some good eats within my budget and walking distance from my work.  Check it out if you're on a budget and in the area.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,12/23/2008,129,223,8,7,8>SPEEDY SERVICE!!! I ordered, stepped away to powder my nose, and my food was already on the table when I got back. I enjoyed the pho. It was very tasty. I attached a picture of the infamous Mickey Mouse wall. It's pretty funny.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,12/22/2008,23,24,4,7,7>Oh sweet, sweet Brio.  I absolutely love this place.  I wouldn't change a thing about it.  Yes, it's a chain, but I definitely give props to a restaurant chain that makes food as delicious as Brio.  There are no negatives or neutrals about this place.+ Wonderful service.  Our waitress was so nice.  She helped me make a decision on my meal and she was very knowledgeable of the menu.  Also, the other employees were happy and spunky.+ You can add or modify your meal as needed.  A lot of big restaurants (especially more expensive ones) don't allow you do personalize your meal.+ FOOD.  Oh my goodness.  If you want a meal that is flavorful, cooked right, and unique, you have to try this place.  I ordered the Mushroom Ravioli and it was the best meal I've ever had.  I could taste the different cheeses, the pasta was cooked perfectly, and it melted in my mouth.  My mom ordered a chicken dish and it came with two large chicken breasts and vegetables (she substituted rice for veggies).  Of course, I'm vegetarian and can't eat meat, but the veggies were ridiculous!! They were so delicious.+ Prices and portions.  Yes, the prices are a tad high, but the portions make it worth it.  I had ten large raviolis stuffed well with mushrooms.  It could easily be split into two meals.+ Creme brulee.  They have about eight different kinds of creme brulee to choose from.  I ordered the chocolate cake, the original and caramel.  Fantabulous.  Spectacular.  Even if you don't eat a meal here, you MUST try their desserts!!  It will be the best thing you ever do for yourself.
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,12/21/2008,1710,1170,4,10,10>Great name as the place is definitely "lost"... absolutely no sign marking this hideaway other than the generic open sign. Once we got here (for a friend's birthday party) we enjoyed ourselves immensely - they have a large selection of bottled beer and a great wine list - no liquor though.The place is small and busy (on the weekends). I did notice a lot of hats (fedora's, caps, and berets) I was not one of these cooler hipsters, but they accepted me anyway.I highly recommend you give the lost leaf a try.If I remember correctly it is located a little south of Roosevelt on 5th ST.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2008,12/18/2008,447,457,16,15,14>I like a good dive bar. A place where you can sit, get a drink for cheap enough and not be bothered. So, when Nathan S. and AMber W. brought me here, I thought it was cool. While I'm not likely to rush into any mosh pits, I can get into a little punk music given the right environment and Rogue West is the right environment. We took our seats and the bartender came for a drink order. He started by asking to see my ID. I thought: Hell yes, I'm gonna love this place. Until, the "punk" said, "Wow! You're older than I am." So, for that... you lose one star.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,12/17/2008,171,110,5,10,9>When my co-workers both had that blah feeling today, I decided we should try The Art of Soup. I had heard about from Amanda B. (thanks Amanda!) at a recent Yelp event, and had I not known where to find it, I probably wouldn't have found it!The three soups being served today were an Asian Mushroom, Chicken with Spinach, and a Persian Yogurt soup. Jacquelyn had the Mushroom. Erin had the Chicken. I was the super-star who had ALL THREE!No, I'm not a big piggy - I had a flight of soup! Instead of one 8oz cup/bowl of soup, I had three 4oz cups of soup, so I got to try each one. My favorite was the mushroom, but each was fantastic. The mushroom soup was today's vegan option, and it was incredibly flavorful without being over seasoned or salty. The mushrooms were the perfect consistency .... Yum!What I loved most about getting the flight was I tend to get bored of soup. I have a few slurps and then it just gets old. However, with the flights, right when I was feeling done with one taste, I had an entirely different taste waiting for me.  And, I honestly would have never selected the Persian Yogurt soup, but I was glad I got to try it. It was very refreshing (I saved it for last), especially on a hot day. The combination of dill and mint was fragrant and fresh, while the sweetness of the raisins complemented the bitterness of the radishes and walnuts sprinkled on top.  Janet, the owner, told me all about where the recipe for the Persian Yogurt soup came from, and she also shared with us that all of the ingredients wer purchased at the farmer's market that very morning. For dessert, we indulged in amazing chocolate chip cookies from Urban Cookies .... Yum ..... But perhaps that's another review!
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,12/16/2008,4,1,8,10,14>Y E L P !!! My first restaurant comment after lurking the reviews for nearly a  year.I was up for a late breakfast and really craved something along the lines of a family diner where I could sit at the counter, read my paper, sip my coffee, plan my day and feel comfortable in flip-flops, t-shirt and shorts. My  inbox showed that I had received the Weekly Yelp. A quick search found all of the usual haunts that I ride my bike to in my end of Scottsdale. I had some business in Tempe and narrowed my search to that area. Voila! Harlow's was the first listing. As a native, I have seen the various incarnations of this local establishment and heard all the raves, yet I never had the time or I wasn't in the area. Not today! I knew that it was almost always busy and figured since it was just me, a little wait wouldn't hurt.When I arrived, the parking lot was half full. I parked, grabbed my paper and entered into exactly what I expected. Nothing fancy but a very comfortable interior that is inviting. It's roomier than it looks from the outside. Air conditioning was set to cool off anyone coming in from the 105 that had already settled in and was rising. I went to the empty counter and was greeted immediately by one of the many waitresses. She served my coffee and I never opened the menu and asked if I could just tell her what I wanted and she said, "No problem." The reviews said that the waitresses were cute and young and hot (true), but that is a disservice to how efficient and productive they are. They were all busy, all moving, all social and most importantly made everyone feel welcome. Even first time, old timers like me.My food was fantastic, large portioned and prepared the way that I requested, but everybody has different likes and dislikes so I won't give any more review on food. Here's the kick-in-the-nuts part of my visit......after carefully planning where I was going, getting my paper and heading out to breakfast, I kept feeling that I had forgotten something. Hmmmmm, what could it be? Oh, well, off I go.Still bothering me in the back of my head as I go to pay at the front register. Money clip left at home! Red-faced and kicking rocks, I approach the hostess and explain my plight, feeling like a two-bit bum without two-bits. Got any dishes you need washed? There was a manager (and I'm assuming owner) at the front as well and without skipping a beat, she takes the ticket from my hand and says, "That's OK. We're open until 2pm. Just come on back when you get your money." She was smiling and pleasant and never asked my name or phone or any details. She never hesitated. It's not like I'm a regular and they know where to find me. I offered to leave my cell phone as collateral, but she would not accept. Embarrassed, I went to my truck, determined to return as quickly as possible with my cash. Then I remembered that I keep a twenty in the truck for emergencies (like this one). Woo Hoo! I went right back in and thanked her for faith in humanity and vowed to return and tell my friends. It's rare these days to find that comfortable, small-town trust. We are, after all, the biggest little metropolis in the southwest.Kudos to Harlow's for great food, quick and friendly service, personality  and a personal touch that went a long way with this customer.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,12/15/2008,122,178,3,5,5>YIKES!! Its a good thing that this place it a far drive for me - cuz it could spell trouble. If you ever have a craving for a real delight and want to really 'enjoy a silent moment'.....try one of their coconut, lemon or dark chocolate cupcakes. Honestly I didnt care how many calories are in them....I was weak in the knees. There is standing room only in this shop  - literally I think my bathroom is bigger -but a big thumbs up for the cupcakes, and kudos on their packaging!!. (its definitely built into the pricing!)
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,12/14/2008,848,353,15,19,17>If it weren't for the ice-cold A/C, this place would definitely get 5 stars!I just got home from dinner with my brother-in-law, who's in town for a conference.  He said "pick a nice place" and, of course, I chose Durant's!Valet parking.  Cute as a button, and I gave him the "I wanna put you in my pocket" line.  See, my sister and her family live in the OC.  Not much for flavor there.  When we walked in through the kitchen, the first thing the bro-in-law said was "Awesome!  Just like old Queens mobsters, walking in through the kitchen!"We were early for our reservation, but it didn't look like we needed it for a Monday night (come on, it's football season!) so we were promptly seated.Decor reminds me of my Hungarian/Polish grandparent's house.  Red velvet wallpaper and dark red leather booths.  Really plush and the booths could sit 4 comfortably.  There were some hotties in there, so I made sure to sit across from the bro-in-law!  One of the thing you KNOW means class is them giving out BLACK linen napkins if you're wearing black.  Nothing ruins a good night out more than white lint on your lap.The bread came and it was doused in an olive oil-basil-onion concoction.  I only had a little piece, but it was awesome!  It was already pre-cut, too.  Convenient!The BIL (keep up, that's brother-in-law and I'm gonna type it a bunch of times and that's just ridiculous) had to order the fried calamari, his staple.  Breading was light, but a bit too salty.The soup special was an onion-cheese and really rich and creamy.  I had the 8oz filet with a side of garlic mashed potatoes.  BIL got the scallops, which had pieces of bacon around the edges.  Both dishes were perfect.  My steak was done just right - medium rare.  We shared dessert.  Strawberry shortcake.  For 2.  We couldn't even finish it.  Topped with homemade whipped cream.The best touch, though, was the ambience.  Oh, and members of "the Family" at the table right next to us.  Ah, to hear that Queens accent again!  Definitely my top high-end restaurant in the Valley now!  I'll be back!  Not with the BIL, though.  I'll bring one of my boys.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,12/13/2008,151,182,22,21,19>It was a dark and gloomy Sunday night in downtown Phoenix. It was 6:30 Pm. On any other day in this city the streets would be lit up with restaurants eagerly proclaiming "we're open! we're open! come on in! give us your money!" But not on Sundays. On Sundays everyone closes their doors and goes home. As invisible as magic, unicorns, and Mariah Carey's acting talent. It was Nathan's birthday, and Amanda B and I took it upon ourselves to devise a place suitable for a birthday dinner. You might as well have asked us to perform brain surgery with a screwdriver and a plunger."Two Hippies?""Closed.""That BBQ place you like?""Closed.""Um...there's a Pizza Hut---""Uh, no.""Sorry."Yeah. Guess which one I was in that exchange.Finally we came upon Mamma Mia's, and collectively griped at how we had forgotten our "freebie" chips from the Birthday pARTy. Thankfully, they were open, though you wouldn't have known it by the way the girl ushered us through the kitchen to the dining room.There are two types of people who order pizza. There are those who, when asked their preference, list all the toppings they like. And there are those who respond by listing all the things they don't like on pizza. With the latter option, everyone gathers around the menu and lists off what available toppings they wouldn't eat. Through the process of elimination, you pick from the available toppings and come with a democratically agreed upon pie.And that's how we decided on basil and fresh tomato slices. With a side order of meatballs."How many meatballs come in a side?" asked Nathan."Five.""That's perfect."At first I was skeptical. How is five perfect for a party of three people? Who taught you to do math, birthday boy? Big Brother?Thankfully I kept those thoughts to myself...I know, even I was impressed with myself.And I'm glad I did, because the meatballs were big, saucy and  spoonable, since our party of three only managed to get two sets of plastic silverware. I guess it's not just Nathan who's math is a little fubar'd.The pizza was rather superb. So superb that, even armed with only basil and tomatoes, it was enough to satiate a palette accustomed to deep dish pepperoni sausage with buffalo sauce and buffet breadsticks.This was like re-education for my taste buds, but without the hard labor and Chinese man screaming in my face about how awesome communism is.The question about whether my hair was real or not aside, the staff were  accommodating and friendly. If I ever find myself lost in the dark and lonely place that is downtown Phoenix on a Sunday after 6pm, I will definitely keep Mamma Mia's in mind. And I will remember my "freebie" chips. Dear Phoenix,This isn't Salt Lake City. Cut this Sunday nonsense out.Love,Me
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/12/2008,61,79,6,8,6>Why can't I give Carolina's SIX stars? I L-O-V-E this place and, if I could come to terms with being 500+ lbs and seriously reducing my life span, I would eat here twice a day. The Number 3 is where I go every time....taco, enchilada, AND tostada.....plus one of their amazing parachute-sized tortillas to compliment the meal. Their salsa is addicting, as well, and I go through a minimum of 6 small cups per meal. Another thing I love about Carolina's is that they haven't sold their soul to the soft drink corporate incentive gods....i.e. they have BOTH Coke and Pepsi products (as well as some exciting punches!).....way to give your patrons what they want! Lastly, if you ever want to cheer yourself up or just throw an impromptu party at your cubicle, go to their main website ( carolinasmex.com ) and let the sweet music brighten your day. I dare you not to smile!
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2010,6/1/2011,375,90,8,11,10>The Roosevelt is s-e-x-y, sexy. I can not believe it's taken me this long to write a review of a spot I tend to frequent but after spending, geeez, I dunno, maybe 4 hours here on Saturday night I was just smitten enough to sing full praises. Historic home turned bar, The Roosevelt is dark, romantic and the perfect place to spend hours drinking wine, (by the glass or bottle) or beer (from their fairly extensive beer menu) while getting to know that special someone... or, stop in for a nightcap after dinner or a night out downtown.The Roosevelt offers small plates that are all quite tasty, my favorite being the Bacon wrapped Dates. I love turning people on the wonderful world of dates, and bacon and cheese is the best way to do that. The setup, as mentioned in previous reviews, is awkward. But hey, this was a home that has been converted to a bar and you are sitting in one of the three bedrooms. I'm not really sure how else it could be done without knocking out walls and ruining some of the sexiness....don't do that...I'm a smitten kitten Roosevelt, dare I say, full of smit!
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2011,5/30/2011,989,176,6,10,10>JoBot is the real deal. Outstanding coffee, crepes and the service is first rate. I went to JoBot on a Thursday night, meeting someone special there. Walking in, there is a long corridor, with a coffee bar and stools lining the length of the bar.I ordered an iced vanilla latte, and my partner in crime had water and a banana nutella crepe. Our drinks and crepe arrived, and the reviews saying how great everything is, are really accurate. As it slowed down a bit, the amazing employee, Shane, asked us how we were doing, and we told him how great everything was. This spawned a great conversation where we learned a ton about JoBot, and coffee in general. Shane was so cool, and he taught us about the most popular items at JoBot, specifically a toddy. We had never had one, and Shane was nice enough to make a small sample drink for us, and it was unreal. SOOOOOOOO tasty and nice, but not as great as the service and conversation with Shane.Another super cool thing about JoBot, is that they have late hours EVERY day, so when you need a drink, snack, or tasty crepe, you have a spot to get your fix. Being at JoBot, you can easily have the feeling that you are on vacation somewhere really cool, and this is one of those places that you only wish you had back in your hometown. It sounds weird, but being at JoBot feels like a vacation, it's just relaxing, you're not rushed, and it's very laid back. The great news is, we have JoBot in our backyard, and I can take a mini-vacation anytime, and go there and relax. I am really grateful that we have locally owned gems like this in the 602. I really cannot imagine a situation where I would pick a chain over JoBot, Lola, or Giant Coffee. It's really nice to have a great drink, while supporting local Mom & Pops. That is what I call a win-win. Check out JoBot, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,5/29/2011,73,136,20,23,14>I want to compare the fabulous estheticians at European Wax Center to a good prostitute. You go in, take your pants off, they do their job, and you pay. No awkward conversations while you are getting your Brazilian. And what could be worse than pretending to have a lovely conversation with your cat out for everyone to see? The whole facility is really clean and classy. They have a wide array of non-dog earred current magazines in the waiting area. However, they are usually so prompt with their appointments that I have never had to wait long enough to open a magazine. Perhaps this explains their good condition? The waxing rooms are also clean and private. From what I've observed,, they use the same sanitation practices that doctor's offices employ. The wax is 100% organic beeswax, and it is supposed to be less painful than other waxes. Personally, when I'm getting every hair in my pubic region pulled out in large strips I don't much notice a difference. The overall indifference to nudity was a little unsettling. They ask you to remove your pants and under-roos while they are still in the room. And they tell you to assume positions I wouldn't even do in front of my lady doctor. I just tell myself that they see vaj-jays 20 times a day and mine is nothing shocking. I find that this method, along with avoiding eye contact with the waxer and hoping I'll never see her again, is the best way to deal with such an uncomfortable experience. All of the estheticians do whatever they can to make you feel alright about getting waxed. The only practice I don't really like is how they push products on you at the end. Oddly, I find this to be the most awkward part of the whole visit! I really like European Wax Center, and their pricing is also very reasonable; it only costs $39 for a Brazilian, a service that would cost $50-$70 elsewhere!
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,5/28/2011,1070,742,5,17,15>01/19/11Didn't realize it's been a couple of years since my last visit to Vincitorio's until I decided to have dinner here this afternoon.  Arrived around 530p, and there were maybe one or two tables occupied.  I was seated at the first two-top near the front door, which put me right next to a young woman, and her acoustic guitar, who was to provide the live entertainment that would eventually start at 6p.  Her original work was pretty good, and she took special requests, as well.  (She later told me that she was going to be playing there again the next week.  I hope she's a recurring performer there, bec. I wouldn't mind hearing her voice and her guitar-playing again!)Tonight's dinner composed of great complimentary buttered garlic bread, a glass of Alois Lageder Riff pinot grigio 2008, and Roasted butternut squash ravioli, which came w/ choice of soup or salad (I chose the latter, w/ blue cheese crumbles and a side of house-made blue cheese dressing).  The salad was very fresh and crisp, and I loved it w/ just the blue cheese crumbles- no need for the dressing!  I enjoyed the bread and salad too much, I think-- I ate almost the whole salad and had to order a second batch of garlic bread!  The roasted butternut squash is one of eight handmade pasta entrees on their dinner menu and comes w/ an addicting four-cheese cream sauce composed of parmigiano, fontina, pecorino, and gorgonzola, which are among my top favorite cheeses!  Now, I will admit that this dish did not make a great visual first impression w/ me (check out the photos), but I knew better than to judge a book by its cover. Yes, it didn't look as appetizing as it could have, but I assure you, the aroma that emanated from this dish was intoxicating, and the butternut squash inside the oh-so-tender ravioli was cooked to perfection!  Its roasted sweetness and the lovely four-cheese cream sauce made a matchless pair!  It was difficult to curb my desire to eat all four pieces...  Mmm... I was in heaven!  As dinner rolled on, the restaurant started to get quite packed w/ what seemed to be regulars, and it's very easy to see why-- I hadn't finished w/ my meal yet, and I was already looking forward to returning the next week!  (Alas, I am forever in search for other great venues to try, so I postponed my next trip back- Valentine's Day, as it turned out!)Thank you, Vincitorio's, for a fantastic evening!
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,5/27/2011,69,46,34,10,8>This weekend I took my first trip to Wag N' Wash.... part accessory boutique, part delicious grocery store, part torture chamber.  My roommate took me here on saturday and i was pretty excited when I arrived.  They had his and hers fire hydrants out front, which is pretty cool.  I peed on one and we made our way inside.  First we checked out the food section. They carry my favorite brand, Taste of the Wild.  (Previously I had only found this at Kodi's on 16th St. and Bethany.)   Then I perused the accessories.  Nice necklaces and pretty awesome toys.  I found a super cool Stegasauraus and carried it around for a while. Then my rooomate says, "hey, let's go check out the back."  The back?  There's more to this awesome place?  Heck yes, let's go!   And then everything changed....  The door swung open to the back of the store.  I heard other guys in there crying.  What the hell was going on?  My roommate picked me up and put me into this steel box.  Some sort of medieval torture device.  (Dude, i thought we were cool, wtf?!)   Then he puts on an apron and gets to work.  Splash, bam, boom.... water torture!  Its a nightmare. Soap everywhere, i tried to escape but i was tied down.  After what felt like 14 years he turned off the water started to towel dry me off.  Then he gave me some cologne.  (That doesnt make this okay bro.)Finally i made my exit and back to the "front" of the store.  I rushed around and tried to warn all the other dudes and bitches in there, but none of them listened.  I think a few actually enjoyed that room.  Masochists.  So I made my roommate buy me some gourmet snacks.  Peanut Butter stars were good, but the little Cinnamon Rolls were my favorite.  I also got 2 frozen bison bones with marrow... which i intend on eating on my roommates bed and pillow as revenge.  Oh, and i got my Stegasaurus.  So go to Wag N Wash if you want some toys or food, it rocks... but whatever you do.  Stay. Out. Of. The. Back. Room.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,5/26/2011,848,353,21,20,18>Horribly sweaty girl is hungry after Critical Mass.  Cheese on the mind.  Critical Mass ended by going down Central and I had never been to Cheuvront before.  Luckily, I was with Ayesha and it took nothing to convince her to go there.  There were 7 of us and they were extremely quick in pushing table together for us.  They didn't even mind our sweat and water bottles.  The server even filled Ayesha's for her.  I took one look at the menu and my eyes stopped at the bottom: macaroni and cheese.  I rarely eat it, but as soon as I saw it, I wanted.  Badly.  Ayesha said she liked the bleu cheese.  SOLD!  I effing love bleu cheese.  For $8, I think it was a good value.  It was a good portion, but not too much.  Rich and creamy with gargantuan hunks of genuine bleu cheese, that had started to melt.  It was incredibly filling for the size!Downfall: Unisex bathrooms.  What the hell!  I don't care how nice a place is, guys still piss all over the place.The mac and cheese is $5 during the week during happy hour.  I will be back for it, most definitely!Huge points for the server who took Amy in stride when I told him I'd spank his ass for something.  (I don't remember, as it was 109 degrees and I had been on my bike for over 2 hours.)
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,5/24/2011,90,283,6,10,7>Yes yes yes, for every reason all the 5 star reviews state below!  Multiple trips to wine country with more than my (small) wine fridge will hold, this is exactly the place I want to crack these bottles open and let the atmosphere and food wash over me.  Hey...though I love to cook at home, I admit my meals do not justify these bottles' price tags. :P  So bring your beautiful wine and enjoy the evening away...  actually bring 2-3 bottles and decide what you are going to pour once you hear the menu  ;)PS.  Just talking to Chris on the phone, he has more personality than some folks exhibit their entire lives!
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,5/23/2011,643,475,6,7,6>I can't believe I never tried this place before. I guess the name threw me off. Sounds like a Bakery, right? Well I was going to try this other restaurant and stumbled upon this place.I was pleasantly surprised because it looked like a Panera Bread and has an awesome offering of soups, multiple sandwich combinations, pastries, and breakfast.I had the braised beef which had rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes on a grilled Ciabatta roll, served with au jus, horseradish sauce, original and sweet potato chips for $7.99. It was delicious and just the right serving size. My wife had the half Wildflower Chicken Salad chicken breast, red and green peppers, jicama, celery, green onion, lemon, garlic and mayo with tomato, cucumber, romaine and clover sprouts on Nine Grain for $7.19 plus the French Onion Soup. She loved every bite and slurp. I just wish the tables weren't so close together. It would be ok to walk between tables if you were a 90 pound gymnast. But, sadly, most of us aren't built that way.I can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,5/22/2011,378,474,10,10,6>Mark , Mark hes my man.. if he cant fix it no one can! My crew luggage goes to Mark.. and he fixes it timely and every time.. My luggage is flight crew luggage.. takes a beating.. he knows Travel Pro.. and how to get my warranty.. how to get my inflight supervisor to approve a new one..or not! AND even finds things that I didnt know were in there.. umm thats embarrassing! Seriously... I know this is cheesy... But drive a bit and get in the hood, Mark rocks and if you pay a bit more for his expertise, isnt it just worth it?
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,5/21/2011,481,1032,4,6,5>Review #799 "There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist."Mark TwainI don't mind getting older but, I wanna have fun and stay young (at heart) forever.  That's why I love places like the Arizona Science Center.  It's a great place for kids to learn and play, and adults to... learn and play... and watch their kids having fun while learning.  Sure, a lot of the exhibits are geared towards kids but unless you're the next Einstein, an adult will learn a lot too.  You just have to open your mind to the fun.  Or go on 'adult night' for kid-free fun. keke  I went for the the elite event a few weeks ago so I didn't get to explore the whole museum but, I'll definitely be back.  In the meantime, my favorite exhibit is the Bed of Nails (dadadummmmm).  The only note is that, while most of the exhibits were awesome, a few could use a lil maintenance.  They probably just get a lot of harsh kid use! hahaNext time I go... I wanna do the bicycle on a high wire thing!   Wootwoot!See ya there!
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2007,4/29/2007,143,222,,5,2>Honestly, my memory is a bit dusty, regarding this place. I have eaten there twice, but it was a while ago. I do remember this important fact, however: so far, it is my favorite bbq in the Valley.The exterior of the building has an incongruous 50s diner look to it. Rather different for a barbeque restaurant. The first thing you notice when you enter, are the pigs. They are everywhere -- ceramic ones, wooden ones, stuffed ones -- you name it. Lots and lots of knickknacks, and bright green walls.In addition to fountain beverages, you can also get alcoholic beverages and bottled sodas. This was great for me, because I could get Diet Dr. Pepper. The portions are generous, but not ridiculous. Their cornbread is of the sweet variety, if that matters to you. You can tell that they paid attention to how their sides were prepared, rather than treating them as an afterthought. It's not often that I comment, "wow that's good grilled zucchini!" They also make a damn fine sweet potato.I know what you're waiting for.... the barbeque. I'll start with the least impressive, the brisket. It was a touch dry, and meh in flavor. No bad, not great. The pulled pork and ribs however, were awesome. Just the right combo of sweet, spicy, sour, and smoky. My one qualm with the ribs was that they were a bit fatty.I didn't get dessert, but I tasted my companions' dessert -- the peach cobbler that the menu talks up. It comes in a big sundae goblet, which I think makes the crust rather mushy and slimey. Plus, if you don't like spice, you won't like it. It was overwhelmingly gingery / allspicey.So far, I have tried Honey Bear's, PHX BBQ (formerly Tom's), Restaurant 28, and Famous Dave's. Though there is room for improvement, and barbeque tastes are so subjective, Thee Pitts still ranks the best for me.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2007,4/28/2007,44,35,,2,2>A co-worker of mine wanted to take me there because she said it is the oldest restaurant in town and walking in, that's how it felt.  This place is all about the atmosphere, it's got  that  swanky kind of loungy,supper club feel to it.   The wait staff are all dressed in tuxedos but, were a little curt when we asked for extra things.    The food was pretty good we both got Chicken Giordano which was a little dry but had a good flavor to it.   The dessert we had was amazing, three flavors of creme brulee..great to share and a nice change to the standard dish.   One thing to watch out for is that they will try to sell you on their wine special of the night....don't get me wrong it was a great bottle of wine but, they push it on everyone!!    Great place to go if you are in the Phoenix area!
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2007,4/27/2007,18,57,,2,3>Ever had Ethiopian food??? Its better than youd think! Imagine a orgnanic crossbreed of middle eastern meets asian food!  The main sampler dish is served in scoops of various vegetable and meat medleys served on top of ethiopian bread. the bread in itself is interesting because the lack of yeast leaves it flat and soft. Dont let that deter you, because you tear it up like pita bread and scoop up the ingredients. it reminded me alot of eating hummus! if you are adventurous, go check it out! It is very tasty:)
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2007,4/26/2007,122,553,1,1,3>I liked this place so much that I kept the cardboard sleeve in the pocket of my parka for six years. Only tonight did I realize I had kept this token to remind me of the place... So in 2001 the place was fab. I don't know about now, but I'd go back to find out!
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,4/25/2007,89,77,,6,2>It's greasy, fatty, salty, and SO DAMN GOOD.$1 tacos. You can choose from a variety of fillings, but cabeza (cow cheek) and lengua (cow tongue) are the best! Comes with jalapeno peppers and roasted onion if you want, and a salsa bar. I like to slather my tacos in guacamole!Their horchata and pina colada (no alcohol unfortunately) are awesome too.They're open 24 hours and have an armed security guard late at night to make you feel VERY safe. :POh yeah, they have other things on the menu, but who cares!
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2007,4/24/2007,33,195,4,,>Ok, so the atmosphere is great here in terms of being upscale, but there are some negatives.1.  Cougars on the prowl - lots of hot, old women who are on the prowl for younger guys....they are full of botox and silicone.  I guess this isn't always a negative, as it does help boost ones ego, but sometimes the way that they are desperate is sort of lame.2.  BBQ - If you're sitting outside on the patio, prepare to smell like BBQ chicken after you are done.  I don't know who designed this, but it was pretty poor engineering.  You don't build a BBQ in the middle of the lounge, so that your patrons get smoke in their faces.3.  Fancy Cars - Sure I love Ferrari's just as much as the next guy, but the fact that they put them in the front is sort of lame....like they're trying too hard to make themselves look uber-cool.4.  Lounge singers - they have had the same lounge singers, singing the same songs for years.  I thought that the girl was hot, but she's more of a Monet (good from afar, but all messed up when looking up close)All in all, I give them a 3 for entertainment value (humor).  This isn't exactly the best nightclub in the world though.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2006,4/23/2007,7,26,6,8,5>By far this is my favorite Indian restaurant in the Valley!  Listen to me people, lets keep this simple, Kohinoor style.  If you are looking for a super-fancy, sitar playing, well decorated place to eat then move on because this ain't that type of Indian food joint! However, if you are looking for awesome traditional Indian food at an EXCELLENT price, then this is the place for you!Kohinoor is located right by ASU in Tempe, so all you college students pay attention, because if I was in school over there I'd be eating at this place all semester long.  It's open until 11pm 7 days a week, and includes the restaurant and a bakery.  When you enter Kohinoor, it's a no fuss kind of place so don't be afraid and seat yourself.  You will be entertained by the big screen television showing one of many interesting Indian soap operas or movies.  Don't be surprised if you are surrounded by a few Indian families, or students because they know good Indian food, and to me that says Kohinoor is the best!Your server will soon be around with a pitcher of water and two menus for you.  One is the traditional menu you see at most places, appetizers, etc.  The other is your ticket to a great meal...a yellow, single sided, laminated menu with their "specials".  Unless you are ordering an appetizer, stick with the yellow menu.  It's divided into Vegetarian, Chicken, and Lamb dinners, all with about 8 or 9 options...$3.99, $4.99, and $5.99 respectively!  These are no small dinners either people!  These dinners include the main dish, jasmine rice, naan, a lentil side, a chickpea side, and yogurt!  For $1 more you can add a mango lassi.  For dessert you are welcome to request one of the many items from the bakery, but there will be more than enough food with your meal to fill you up, so be sure to bring your appetite!!  When you are done gorging yourself and have had enough of the day's feature soap opera, just head up to the cashier and tell them what you had, pay, and you are done!I guarantee you will have some of the best Indian food ever, at THE best price ever, leaving stuffed and happy!  You'll never want to pay $40 for an Indian meal again!
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2006,4/22/2007,23,253,2,3,>The best real RAMEN in town. The waitress brings  you a steaming bowl of noodles and pork which smells so incredible.   Very surprised and delighted how authentic it is. It's a popular place so be prepared to wait if you come during peak hours. Skip the sushi and stick to the noodle selection.Visit #2: Went back with L who just got back into town. Didn't tell him how far it was from us b/c wanted him to drive. Is that evil?  But the food is worth it. We shared the shrimp spring rolls, came with a snow pea and carrots inside of the roll. The dip for the spring rolls was good. He had the chicken marsala pasta and I stuck with the ramen again. Pasta was good. We must've been hungry because we finished everything. L thought it was a very strange place because of the whole Asian/Italian thing going on. And because of the random assortment of bread that is served: banana bread (YL's favorite), cinammon toast, and sweet bread rolls.  Okay, it is a bit random. But, what the heck...it's still good. Only complaint is that the server was a bit off, took forever to take our order. AND that a gaggle of women sat right behind me shrieking in Mandarin for an hour. I wanted to switch seats and sit next to L "bistro style" but he wouldn't have it.  "Too weird" he said. Good lord, my friends are uptight :-)Visit #3: Took W here last night. We ordered BBQ appetizer and panko oysters. I liked the oysters and the BBQ. They were out of the crab croquettes. Another bowl of ramen (can't help it! I just love it) and W got the hakata  yakisoba which was tasty. You end up smelling like food when you leave, so leave the fancy duds at home.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2006,4/21/2007,67,156,,7,4>This small Japanese bakery makes really amazing desserts.  The shop itself isn't much to look at but the pasteries inside are delicious!  Treat yourself to some flavored sponge cakes (green tea, coconut, coffee... ect.) and pick a couple up for friends!Credit/Debit card purchases must be over $5 or else bring cash.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2006,4/20/2007,18,4,4,6,3>Great place. Really nice suites and attentive service.The food is pretty good, and location is fab. If you like luxury or being pampered, Phoenician is one of the places in Scottsdale for it. Why four stars? Tell the staff not one credit card, dollar bill or comment comes from below my neck. Hello! Put me on a pit with an apple why don't you? The guy I was with wanted to kill somebody. Respect your guests people.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,7/20/2013,181,218,8,9,9>This place is really cool and a lot of fun. Inside is nice and clean. Hip music playing in the background while you relax and dine. The best part is watching all sorts of tasty items cruising across the conveyor belt right in front of you that one can choose from when something catches your eye. There is also a large menu that you can select from and they will bring it to the table for the same price if you do not want to wait for the belt. They also have Soups, Salads, Appetizers, Teriyaki and Tempura if you do not care for Sushi.Service was very friendly. I was gladly told by my server the skinny on what to do and how to choose based on the colors of the plates. Each colored plate is a different price and you just stack them up to the side for a grand total at the end. I watched the belt as it moved in front of me and I said that one. She helped me grab it and from there I was in command. Nice!Today I had the Dragon Roll with eel sauce, a Crispy Sweet Potato Roll, what they call the Caterpillar, a New Mexico Roll with jalapenos, and one called the Imagine which was huge with some Salmon Roe sprinkled on top. I like some wasabi mixed with a little soy and pickled ginger on the side to give it some kick.This is not what I call North Scottsdale high end sushi but based on the selection of items and the great value on top of the fun of watching that dang belt go by you while you are eating. I give them a thumbs up. Yes even cheese cake and other dessert items are available. Beep beep.Bring the family and kids. Great place to experiment or just have fun while getting filled up with some tasty treats at the same time. Look for coupons in the weekly mailers. I found a 15% off for today. Shazam!
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,7/19/2013,194,263,17,8,7>This review should be read aloud in the voice of my dad, which means a combination of Foghorn Leghorn and Tommy Lee Jones.Q: do you like fried chicken? If you answered "yes" proceed to Lo-Lo's. If you answered "no",  then what in the hell is wrong with you? Seriously, go get a chicken leg from anywhere else that sells chicken legs. Go on. I'll wait.Now, look at the chicken leg that you just brought over here to me and compare it to...THIS BIG-ASS MONSTROUS LEG FROM A REAL CHICKEN THAT THEY ARE GONNA SERVE YOU AT LO-LO's!Not only is this leg three times bigger than that lil ole scrawny bantam leg you got, but it's ten times as juicy and tastes like the good Lord done blessed whatever chicken it came from with the most delicious chicken genes he could find! Chicken so good you'll wanna take the bones home with you and suck on 'em later just to reminisce about how good that chicken was.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,7/18/2013,156,158,17,15,17>Disclaimer: the views expressed here are those of a twenty something girl obsessed with her far off retirement who, despite her wildest dreams, does not live in an awesome retirement resort community, only visits them from time to time on work related trips.  This place rocks.  Seriously. I've visited a few retirement communities in my day, and this one takes the cake.The entrance is typical and unassuming, but tiddy.  What's waiting on the other side of the stucco guard shack (safety: check) is a real treat.The streets and sidewalks are clean, the mobile homes are adorable and proudly display placques in each owner's taste (wether it be Steelers colors and a wood carving) listing their name and where they are from, nice touch. The tiny lawns are all well manicured, there's a nice Pleasantville feeling to it all.It's all very lovely, but the club house is what it's all about. There's a nice fitness center, a billards room, a pool and a huge spa, with a poolside bar.  What?! That's right, a poolside bar! The bartender was clad in a colorful Hawaiian shirt, very Margaritaville, no wonder the golf carts were lined up and the bike racks full!Well, what if your hobbies include more than drinking? That's your choice I suppose, so while I'm chillin' with the 'it's five o'clock somewhere' crowd you can mosey on over to guest services where they will be happy to provide you with an activities calendar.  Better pull out your readers, they had to use smaller font to make room for all the awesome stuff they have planned!Everyday has at least 15 different games set up! Bocce ball! Yup! Pickle ball and tennis? Uh, yeah! Every card game I've ever heard of and several I haven't? You've got it!  Not to mention the special events and performances. How about a craft fair? Or maybe check out the comedic stylings of "world famous" Jimmy Keyes! I don't know who Jimmy Keyes is, but he's wearing a crazy coat in the promotional banner, so you know it'll be a good time.The second I find a single retiree with a sweet rig I'm ditching my husband for the life I was meant for: retirement.  You'll find the two of us enjoying the live band at the pool, margaritas in hand, in one of the many comfy cabanas!
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,7/17/2013,376,146,8,11,10>Wine bars... What's NOT to love! Especially this one! I came here with some friends the other night and I already love wine bars so I love trying new ones. I loved everything about this place. From the food, to the wine, to the environment...I ordered the Chicken Pesto Pasta. This entree was delicious! I like it when they don't skimp on the sauce because I feel that it makes it taste dry. The pesto sauce was really yummy. I'm a pretty light eater and usually always have leftovers to take home, but I devoured it! My friend ordered the Portobello burger that I tried. Quite tasty as well and I like the combination fries and dipping sauce that it came with. I also ordered the Red Sangria which was quite yummy. It wasn't too sweet like most Sangrias that I've had. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable as to his recommendations to what was good on the menu. I loved the lounge area that they have set up as well. You can stay and hang out after you eat. It actually reminded me of the Living Room wine bar in Chandler that I absolutely love. Another great thing is that it's in Old town Scottsdale so it's not that far from me. They have a happy hour menu as well that I'd really like to come back and try and will probably do an updated review on that as well! If you like wine bars with great food this is definitely the place to go! =)
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,7/16/2013,254,406,10,15,15>I'd never heard about Lao Thai before, so I had no expectations going into the place.  I didn't even bother checking Yelp as I walked in, just in case there were some bad reviews that might influence my decision to eat there last minute!After the most recent Yelp Cocktail Society, Stephanie T and I were planning to head to Green for some delish Vegan fare.  When we heard Michele M and Linda W were headed to Thai next door, we decided to tag along.  After all, Thai places are so vegetarian-friendly.We were the only customers in the place for a bit, until another table walked in.  However, we were in there pretty late in an otherwise-dead part of town.  Still, I was not worried.  The place was really clean and the waitress was really friendly.When the waitress came around to take our orders, I expressed that I was eating Vegan so I'd like some suggestions.  I was leaning toward the Drunken Noodles, but she told me it was made with an Oyster Sauce.  However, she told me the kitchen could whip up another kind of sauce with soy sauce for it.  I was sold.  I asked her to add in some mushrooms and to make it spicy.  My dish arrived quickly enough.  It was delicious and I felt confident it was made fresh.  I added a little chili pepper to the dish to spice it up a bit more, but it was otherwise perfect.  I scarfed down a good 75% of my fairly large dish!We all had a great time getting to know each other better and swapping stories about our interesting families.  We didn't feel rushed out, even though the restaurant appeared to be closing long after we'd finished eating and continued talking.  Lao Thai deserves five stars because they not only accommodated me by adjusting the sauce in the dish, but they did not even charge me anything additional for adding mushrooms.  For $15 a person, tip included, we had a very good meal.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,7/15/2013,157,292,7,17,6>the river is always a fun time! I would've given this place 5 stars, except that when we got dropped off at the start of the river there weren't enough tubes for my group (another group had accidentally walked off with one of ours) and the employees there were not helpful at all and basically told us - go down to the river and ask around and see if anyone has an extra tube... even though they had a HUGE stack of tubes there and they could've just given us one. annoying!tips:-double bag keys and cash-keep your butt up in the shallows (a few in our group got scraped and banged up on the rocks)-reapply sunscreen. and reapply. and reapply. I reapplied sunscreen four times and still got burned on my legs and stomach.-bring potato chips. I was really craving some when I saw everyone else on the river eating some!-bring sunglasses you don't mind losing. I lost mine, but luckily I had gotten them free. we even saw one guy who snorkels around and finds lost sunglasses - he sells the nice ones on ebay and gives the rest away to people tubing in exchange for beer lol-at least one person in your group should wear water shoes because there are parts where someone will have to stand up and push you or pull you out of the river at the end
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,7/14/2013,34,347,4,5,5>Don't let the dive bar interior put you off. Even as we walked in, a bar fight was about to happen, but that just added to the experience, right along with the sticky tables and low lighting.The waitress/bartender was really nice and both my mother and I got the burger and fries with sodas. The cook came over and asked us if we were sure we didn't want any add-ons so we just told her to throw some mushrooms on mom's and bacon on mine. She was a proper hole-in-the-wall fry cook with big hair. If laws didn't prohibit it, I have no doubt she'd have a cigarrette hanging from her lips.The food was a surprise. While extremely greasy (you're getting a burger and fries so never expect less), it was also extremely delicious. Perfecly seared, thick-patty burger (with a unique tartness from the wine) on fresh bread with nice thick-cut bacon and great fries. It came with some onions and lettuce to top, also fresh. A perfect example to never judge a book by its cover. There's a reason this place has won some "best of" awards.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,7/13/2013,795,565,3,6,9>First review of 2013.Before going out to dinner one night, my wife was browsing in this store and I met her there.Pretty amazing place.  Beyond me, there was not a trace of Y chromosome in the entire shop.  Amidst a few small rooms, you will find clothing, accessories, handmade knick-knacks, accessories, shoes, accessories, make-up, accessories, accessories, and accessories.  And did I mention accessories?Lots of unique, fashion stuff here and a lot of stuff you never expected--even stuff you didn't know existed.  You might be tempted to bring your tween or teenage daughter here, but there is a distinctly ADULT room here too, so parental guidance is suggested.One more plus is that the owner sells things on consignment, so if you make unique bling or interesting, wearable, girly. . .stuff. . . that nobody else makes, take it to her instead of selling it on Etsy.  If she likes it, you may have just found a place to sell it.You've been to the corporate mall stores--now try Trampalina.  If you're looking for that one thing that will complete your look and you haven't found it yet, you may just find it here.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/12/2013,399,148,7,14,9>We went out for my moms b-day on Cinco De Mayo and really didn't want to deal with crowds. So we chose a wine place hoping all the Cinco De Mayo party goers were somewhere else! We picked correct, because when we arrived for lunch no one was in the restaurant. It was nice to have the place to ourselves for about an hour. Our waitress was very lovely and helpful. She was able to find a wine the whole table liked and gave each of us different options off the menu. I ordered the hand made pasta with chicken and basil pesto! It was absolutely delicious!!!! Once she set my plate down I dove right in! It was full of flavor, the chicken was nice and juicy and the pasta was cooked perfectly! My sister has more bland taste buds and ordered the artichoke dip. She was thinking along the lines of a regular plain artichoke dip and what she got was a surprise. The artichoke dip included chorizo, goat cheese and corn relish, definitely something my sister wasn't expecting. I thought it was awesome! They have their own little recipe to give plain artichoke dip a bigger bang! My mom enjoyed every bit of her brushetta and my sister spiced up her mac n chesses with the waiters recommendations! 3 out of 4 happy in our family never really happens, so my hats off to you D'Vine! Since my one sisters taste buds are so bland the waiter insisted she have dessert on the house. I thought that was very nice of her, for it wasn't the cooks fault that she didn't enjoy her meal. Not a lot of places are like that, so it was a nice treat for the table. A big thank you for that!We spent quite some time here eating, drinking and visiting. The staff was so friendly and kind the whole time we were there, which is always enjoyable and the food was absolutely delicious! It was a great start to celebrating my moms birthday!
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,7/11/2013,54,114,3,7,4>This sushi was really good. The selection of rolls were adequate. It was standard sushi fare. If you are in the neighborhood and want some sushi, head on over. It has groupons often, so keep an eye out for those. Also, check in and you can get 10% off the bill.I took my baby- she goes with me all over. She loved eating the rice we ordered, I just wish they didnt charge so much for a side for her. I found the music weird. It went from hardcore rap to house music, but there were a lot of snowbirds in there. I am not sure they know what they want to be or their customer base. Or maybe these snowbirds are into that kind of music.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,10/28/2013,197,332,6,9,7>I was lucky enough to spend last Saturday evening with the beautiful Ebony K and friends. We started out with bruschetta to share with the table, then a salad (Emilia) two pizzas to share.  One of the pizza's was called Vegetariana and don't remember the other one.  The meal was fresh and flavorful.  The best thing about the resto is that the patio feels cozy and lovely.  I promise to bring cash on girls night out next time!  of course I did pay back the cash I owed the next day but felt bad that Ebony's friend took care of the entire bill.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,10/27/2013,447,457,6,9,8>It's like I have to psych myself up to go to Nick's every time, because I forget how much I love it but last night, I had to personally thank the owner for serving quality food at a fair price (you can get a glass of wine for $7 and an entree for $13-$15)... it's a bonus that it is close to home! So, even though, for some reason, I keep forgetting that I actually REALLY LIKE the food here, I'm a BIG fan of Nick's. I especially recommend the arrabiata, the gnocchi, and the stracciatella.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,10/26/2013,311,459,4,11,9>This is one of the most scenic mountain parks in the Valley, and one that is recognizable even from a great distance because of the distinctive horizontal "gash" of rock along the Wind Cave Trail in the park. There are good facilities for parking, hiking, and picnicking. Trails are varied - there's something for everyone, regardless of fitness status. The road system within the mountain park is well maintained and not too extensive so that it is not overly intrusive of the gorgeous desert landscape of the area. This is also one of the best places for viewing the spectacular blooming of desert wildflowers in the springtime.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/25/2013,234,226,9,12,11>It's definitely not our favorite, but Clockwork sure beats those nasty chains (think Dominos, Pizza Hut, Little Caesars) when we're thinking, "Yeah, it's pizza and wine night!" And for about the same price! Discovered this place when we moved to Chandler last year. Someone stuffed coupons in our door.Haven't tried delivery, but it's close enough to our house to drive down the street and pick up. Everyone we've encountered in the store has been incredibly friendly. Love the Greek Gyro Pizza. Plenty of Gyro meat and fresh vegetables for toppings.   It even comes with a side of tzatziki sauce! The Godfather Clock Pizza is also good; just your classic combination pizza. Glad to have Clockwork nearby!
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,10/24/2013,892,390,5,9,5>Good things come in small packages,,, or in this case, tiny square footage ;)There's not a whole lot of room to roam, but this tiny place is jam packed with cute clothes, accessories & a few select girl power knick-knacks. At the register there was a little wooden sign that said "Good friends are like big thighs, they stick together" lol! Just outside the indoor boutique (so basically, out in the hall) there are sales racks. Today there was a $9 Memorial day sale.... uhm, yes please :D
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,10/23/2013,411,271,10,17,13>I think I may have the fastest growing trees in all of Arizona.  It seems that their entire goal is to grow large enough to touch my roof line and extend into the yards of my neighbors.  With the the start of monsoon season, I wanted to have them trimmed before a strong wind sent branches flying, causing damage and generally making me unpopular with the neighbors.  :)  After obtaining a few estimates, I chose Chip off the Old Block.  Jack, a certified arborist, clearly explained what needed to be done to my trees and didn't try to upsell me on anything I didn't need (i.e. fertilizer treatments, etc.).  While his bid was not the lowest, he agreed to meet the price I received from another company that was also fully insured.  Also, he was able to accommodate my travel schedule and have a crew at my house the following day, which was appreciated.The crew of three arrived (complete with a wood chipper!) a little earlier than scheduled, which was great.  They quickly got to work, and both of my trees were back in shape in a little over an hour.  They gathered each and every branch, including the ones that fell into my neighbor's yard.  Compared to other tree trimmers I have used, they did a better job in significantly less time!  So, when the trees grow out of control again (and they will) I know who to call to keep them on my side of the fence.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/22/2013,231,1069,26,28,25>One thing I missed having after living in Iowa is good Mexican food. Finding Mexican cuisine in rural Iowa wasn't difficult, but the range of ingredients, freshness, and flavor often fell short of expectations. On the first visit, I came with fellow Yelpers Angela T, Fia R, and Kurdy S. More recently, I introduced my aunt to this place when she came to visit me. There's plenty of parking in the strip mall. Lighting isn't the best, and the hole in the wall décor consists of tiled floors, large open kitchen, TVs, and a down to earth vibe. The first thing interested diners need to know is their specialization in tortas. These gigantic subs are known for their size that probably weighs more than 5 pounds. The Del Rey ($9.50) came fully stacked with ham, cheese, pork sirloin, breaded beef, refried beans, two hot dogs, chorizo, eggs, tomato, onion, avocado, chipotle sauce, and a plate full of potato chips. There seemed to be no end to this sandwich, as I couldn't even finish half of it. In terms of quality, I liked the overall composition, the soft toasted bread, and the apparent shock effect for the amount of calories this beast carries. However, the refried beans could be more evenly spread, and the breaded beef could be seasoned so it has flavor. It was an item fun to have in group situations, and a novelty to cross off my long and never-ending to-eat list.The Nopales con Asada ($10.99) came with thick slices of grilled beef, cactus, fresh cheese, guacamole, and my choice of flour tortillas. The beef was juicy, fully marbled, chewy, and flavorful. The cactus was a highlight too, but was slightly over-salted. Food again was plentiful. I couldn't finish it all and had to take the rest to go. I'm likely order this again.The Chilaquiles ($7) came with fried tortilla, cotija cheese, runny eggs, onions, sour cream, and green and red salsa. The combination was delicious, particularly with the thick runny egg yolks to finesse the crispy textures and sharp salsa. The mix of flavors was still not as excellent as the Chiaquiles at Anepalco's, but it is a dish I would recommend besides the torta. The Pollo Burro ($6.75) came with chunky chicken, refried beans, pico de gallo, cheese, and avocado. The texture was too wet and mushy. El Farolito has a better burrito, where each ingredient is discernible and better seasoned. I don't recommend it.Another item I would not recommend is the Cocktel de Camaron Chico ($10.99). It came with shrimp, tomato juice, cilantro, onions, and avocado. The ratio was off as the few shrimps were lost in the tomato juice. The support cast could come chunkier as fillers. I felt like I had gone fishing only to come up empty with a few tiny shrimps. Overpriced and it was awful.These meals would not be complete unless I hit the 10,000 calories mark. So, for dessert, I highly recommend getting the Chocoflan ($5). It's a custard cake, not too sweet, very moist, and rich in chocolate flavor. It was addictive and easy to finish. For drinks, I liked the Aguas Frescas Naturales ($3.50). I preferred the watermelon flavor to the cantaloupe, and the non-alcoholic King Margarita ($4.50) was also worth considering as it comes with fresh strawberries with a touch of salt in every sip.The food took some time to arrive at our table and service was very absent unless we flag down someone to help us. Overall, I thought this restaurant offers a good variety of dishes, and portions were consistently out of this world. However, I have also had better and cheaper Mexican food elsewhere. I would consider this a good place to bring out of town guests looking for hole in the wall experiences. 3.5 stars for both visits, I'd be interested in coming back.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,10/21/2013,83,88,7,10,9>The food is amazing, especially anything on their pretzel buns.  The staff is all very friendly and dangerously close to too good looking.Most places I frequent I end up finding one dish they make that I just stick to.  I can't do that here, with the exception of the Shrimp BLT I have loved everything I've tried and can't pick a favorite.  Try anything on a pretzel bun, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/20/2013,223,130,12,15,11>Holy river rats Batman!!! How have I not done a review for my beloved SRT?!?! Lets change that.... Sploosh!~What to do~You float down a river for as long as 6 full hours. Its brilliant. For such a simple thing as floating down a slow-moving river, there are a bevvy of activities to do....~The Good~You have the ability to get such a large group together, it is wonderful to hang with friends and simply chill for the entire day. Floating down the river for up to about 6 hours, anything can happen. The camaraderie is so well versed here, you meet so many people randomly, it really is a big party. There is also so much to do, like hitting others with over sized marshmallows and not potentially getting murdered. You can also be a pirate, and not be considered mental. You can drink to excess and not be considered awkward and creepy while being drunk in public (within reason). In all seriousness, it really is a ton of fun. There are a lot of unwritten rules that tubers must abide by, I will cover some later, but this is a floating party....its a ton of fun. There is nothing like it out here, and any summer is incomplete without getting the gang together and swashbuckling on the river. The lead up to the day and getting the supplies ready for the big day is so much fun!~The Bad~Being a floating party, you have the drunks just like you'd expect. They can get rowdy, and stupid. If you are a party animal, you best have some good friends that know how to keep you in check. Otherwise, you may be floating at the bottom of the river and be as good as a rock you may encounter. Oh that's another thing, the rocks. People whom aren't expecting a river rapids to have some rocks will be mistaken when their tube encounters them. If you bring a cooler, you better hold on to it for dear life when going down each rapid, or your beers will go bye bye when it hits a rock. Hearing stories of lost keys and items is a common occurrence, but all these "bad" points are easily avoidable if you have a brain and use common sense/ask questions to veteran river-riders. The water can get pretty nasty, don't drink it. The water is cold, as expected. The sun beats down on you, as expected...are any of these really bad? Not really, if you....have a brain :-) Be open and don't be such a turtle in your shell or conservative, or just simply keep away from the river all-together.~The Down Low~Ok, so some simple things to remember:- Don't bring your kids, they do not belong here. The cut-off age I say is 13-15 years old, and that's if your group is filled with upstanding citizens. -Weekends are the busiest days, yet more fun with more people to float around with. -Get extra bags at the front to put trash in, don't litter. -Bring extra water if drinking, or you will be dehydrated and risk hurting yourself...and ALWAYS a DD, no Q's asked.-I suggest tying tubes together, despite what SRT says. It keeps the pack together.. If you have a huge group, then maybe break it up into smaller groups, but especially tie up your cooler so you can keep tabs on it...so, in other words: BRING ROPE!-Remember to grab from your closet some items, like bed sheets to put over your tube, or else you will burn yourself. Bring water shoes/old shoes you don't care much about. Do not dress to impress, keep favorite clothes AWAY from the river. -Tie your keys to yourself, unless you have a secure pocket which will not open up. -Remember to continuously apply sunscreen, don't stop or you will burn to a crisp. -Finally, bring a bag of marshmallows, its a ton of fun and everyone does it. I suggest one bag per person, but that's your choice. All in all, any downside the river has is significantly negated by common sense and preparedness. For that, and for the fact that the river is unlike anything in the valley, I rate it 5 stars. If you are from out of town, this is a must-go if you want to get away from the heat. Just remember the tips, and you will love it.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,10/19/2013,420,461,9,15,12>Another addition to "Pissed at myself for not trying sooner". I think I had't been to Christopher's sooner because of it's location. I'm usually at the Biltmore shopping and spending too much money at the Apple Store. So I usually walk on by to head home play with my new toy(s).So I finally made a conscious effort to go and I was pretty sure upon walking in that I would regret not coming sooner. I had a few drinks at Crush lounge and though tiny, it fit the bill for an actual lounge. So many places call themselves lounges when they're just a bar trying to glorify themselves.Crush is a true lounge-a small scale version of what you might find at a boutique hotel:intimate, dimly lit, good music and private spaces to enjoy a cocktail with someone special. I have to make it an effort to come here for cocktails more often because the vibe here is usually what I'm looking for-mental note made.After drinks we took a seat at the Kitchen Bar, where it was awesome to watch Christopher and his team at working creating culinary works of art. I went on a Monday where I was able to take advantage of one of their specials: grilled tenderloin with au gratin potatoes for $20. SCORE!!!!! It was served sliced up and served with a Cabernet reduction which was delicious. I also got to try some mushroom and arugula pizza which was served on such heavenly crust. Everything was c'est magnifique!I really have to applaud them as well for a top notch wine list. I LOVE South African wine and there are very few places in the U.S. that  feature on their wine list. So as if I wasn't happy enough with my meal and the experience this little extra plus is what earned them five stars in my book.This is a very nice place and I can't wait to bring my family here. I'm sure a lot of folks may overlook this place if they're busy shopping. If nothing else, stop in for lunch and see why you need ot make it back for dinner.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,3/8/2013,586,358,14,11,14>During my great Phoenix booze search in the fall of  2012, I turned to my trusty Yelp friends on Talk and proposed the question: Where is the best place to go for a good selection of whiskeys at a decent price. I got many useful responses, but Marsella M. hit the nail right on the head when she suggested The Little Woody. I never heard of the place and it was close to my home so I was intrigued. I checked it out one night after work and had some trouble finding the place since there are no signs. I figured out where it was when I saw the neon owl in the window. As you walk up to the door you don't know what to expect and it feels like you are going into the back entrance of a restaurant. Upon opening the door though, you are immediately greeted by a cool relaxed lounge, perfectly decorated and welcoming. This is an all around great bar and I might rank it as my favorite in Phoenix now. It has all the elements to make it a great place for a drink and some food.1) It's hidden, so you have to be in the know to find it.2) Great bartenders, drinks, and specials3) Very cool and modern decor4) There are two separate rooms, each with a different vibe. The main room with the bar has couches, a long high top, and booths. The back room has some great games, including skee ball, darts, foosball table, and I think a pinball machine. Great overall set up for whatever you're in the mood to do.Also...Plenty of whiskey flights to choose from. On Mondays they get new drinks for the patrons to try out. Lots of Four Peaks beers. Their house special is called The Codger: $5 for a can of Old Style and a shot of Old Grand Dad. This place had the Review of the Day yesterday on Yelp, so it seems the secret is out and I'm sure more and more people will start flocking to Phoenix's best secret bar. Ya know what, this place stinks. Don't go here ever...unless you already do, then you can still go. Otherwise, it isn't worth your time. Seriously. Just go to Buffalo Wild Wings.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/7/2013,455,177,14,16,16>I know it's easy to get music digitally and for free and all that... But I like CDs. The quality is bonafide and the cover art is rad. I love music. I love a bargain. Zia marries these two loves perfectly. I can usually find two or three used CDs that I really want to buy for less than ten bucks each. Got my jams. Got my shopping fix. I'm a happy camper. Gotta go dance! Vacationer is playing!
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/6/2013,227,122,5,6,7>Super super super psyched that Cartel is at the airport. I finally get away from Starbucks! Not that I don't love Starbucks, but sometimes - well, most of the time - I just want a coffee that's free of all the frills and shtuff that Starbucks has. They always know how to make my chai just right! The people are super friendly and know their coffee! They make the walk through security worth it!
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2012,3/5/2013,1992,234,17,23,18>How many bites does it take to get to the lamb filled center of a gyros-pop?I'd say one, cause if you can't find gyros on the first bite, there's probably something wrong with your order ;-) ... are you sure you didn't order the chicken?And you thought I was going to say something deep and meaningful, you obviously don't know me that well.Cypress Grill is my favorite place for a gyros in Central Phoenix. There's a handful of them around (gyros spots that is), but if you're looking for a gyros and within a few miles of this place, I'd say skip all the rest. I've tried at least five or so spots that serve em nearby. You'll spend a couple bucks more here than at the other places, with a gyro running you about $8, but I'm happy to conclude that Cypress is my favorite gyro in town.The hummus here is good, so is the spanikopita and dolmades. For those of you who are carb counting, you can get your gyros in a salad too. I've done that a few times myself. All in all a solid choice for medditeranean dining - one of the better spots in the area. Happy Yelping Phoenix!
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,3/4/2013,1710,1170,7,18,8>Fantastic change of pace. I loved their Swedish meatballs with mashed potatoes, and their Pork Schnitzel is also amazing. All dinners come with a multitude of delicious sides. Unfortunately, the atmosphere here is about as romantic as a K-mart -- Luckily they are moving to a new bigger and better spot on Baseline very soon (hopefully without the florescent lighting). Bonus: The new spot with also have a bar - the owner showed me the plans.UPDATE - New Location is open!
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,3/3/2013,331,202,2,13,5>What a pleasant surprise this was.  We had ventured to this part of Tempe to finally visit The Crepe Bar, but sadly it was closed for the holidays - so this was the closest joint with solid reviews & we went for it.  Instantly wary when you're the only couple dining in a new place, but it was the day after Christmas - and an odd time, so we didn't think too much of it.Here are a few tips:MUST.GET.GARLIC.KNOTS!  I've had too many greasy bread-sticks in my day, this was nothing like that - and came with a nice cup o' marinara to dip them in.  Also, get the baked ziti - it's a cheese-splosion.  Fresh mozzarella, ricotta and delicious baked goodness.  We also got the veal parmigiano - which was just spot on.  Great service, reasonable prices, and shockingly authentic and fresh... we will be back for sure!
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,3/2/2013,367,306,6,8,7>I used to shop at this store when they were in Chandler and I was so bummed when they moved to Scottsdale. Then fate stepped in...I moved to Scottsdale too!Some things have changed for the better in the new location.The staff is always so sweet and they remember me each time I go in. They have everything from affordable costume jewelery to unique pieces I've never seen before. They also carry a small but very cute collection of clothes, hats, scarves, etc. They also have a great selection of purses. I most recently bought a $30 watch that looks like its works $100's. I get so many complements and its great quality.This is a great place to find the perfect gift...and they have lots of BLING!
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,3/1/2013,391,272,4,7,4>If you have a name like Bertha, you better know good food. And Bertha, well, she makes a mean sandwich. All you need to know is this: pesto chicken sandwich. Ok, I lied. You can also do a half sandwich with ANY of their salads. Most places make you get one of those pathetic "garden" salads with a cherry tomato and some carrot slices. Not Bertha. She lets you get anything from the Thai Chicken Salad to the one that comes with little grilled cheeses. It's ridiculous and I love it! Now, if she would only open on Sunday.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,2/28/2013,281,41,15,11,12>"Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, you know? I mean, what if you get one woman, and that's it? Unfortunately, in my case, it was only one woman for her.Joey: What are you talking about? One woman? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Let me tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing. Cherry Vanilla. You could get them with jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream. This is the best thing that ever happened to you. You got married, you were, what, eight? Welcome back to the world. Grab a spoon.Ross: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny."I find myself with a similar conflict at the G spot. And Ross hadn't even begun to explore the world of gelato yet. Wood fired pizza AND gelato in the same place should be illegal. There is just way too much happiness occurring all in one experience. And did I mention they are about to have cocktails as well? You know how after you experience your first orgasm, you want to just hide in your room and experience it again and again? Well, that's how I feel about the G Spot. They named it that for a reason, after all.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/27/2013,341,239,9,13,9>Situated at the corner of 35th Avenue and Thunderbird next to a pawn shop, this place is definitely a hole in the wall kind of place. The owner of this restaurant was orignally a renowned pastry chef, and now she has come into her own and expanded into a full blown restaurant and pastry shop. Her family is so friendly every time I visit and you can tell she loves to watch people enjoy her homecooked style Filipino foods.Desserts:     Halo Halo (mix-mix) dessert is amazing here! The flan is so perfect within this dessert too!     Ube Cheese Rolls - These are made with Ube (a purplish taro plant type) mixed with a cream cheese type filling. Oh my frickin' gosh, I love this to pieces! The thin flakiness of the dough blends perfectly with the cheese and ube filling!Entrees:    Adobo chicken - order a large size of this and you won't be disappointed - even those afraid to try new flavors. This will be a favorite.   Calderetta - she usually cooks this dish with beef and potatoes - almost like a slow cooked stew that can be poured over white rice   Pancit Bihon - My favoirte type of pancit. It's the thin noodle style with veggies and usually a meat like chicken or pork or both   Pancit Malabon - My dad's favorite type. It has thicker noodles and comes with mini shrimp and hard boiled eggs. My 2nd favorite type of pancit.   Kare Kare - Here it's made with beef or pork. My mom used to make this dish when I was growing up with Oxtail. It's a type of peanut butter stew with meat, eggplant and green beans. I know it sounds strange, but believe me, if you're on the adventurous side, you can learn to love this dish too.    Fried chicken - This is delicious fried chicken! I thought it'd be more similar to that type of fried chicken you get at Chinese restaurants that's cut up into small pieces and looks dark brown almost reddish, but it turns out this is good 'ol Alabama style fried chicken. I didn't expect to find this on the menu at all which was funny, but I think it'd taste awesome for breakfast with some waffles!That about sums up my favorites at this place! And believe it or not, they actually have online ordering, so you don't have to worry about pronouncing anything over the phone if you're ordering to-go orders! Better yet, sit down and eat food while ordering food to go!
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,12/2/2010,68,47,8,10,6>I have read the reviews on this place a few times and driven by a few times. Unfortunately the diet/lifestyle i follow really limits as to when/what/where I can eat. Their hours don't really work with my weekly planned cheat meals and I refuse to get takeout and put it in my fridge and possible ruin a perfect *insert random food here.*Well Christmas morning I decided that today was the day that I was going to allow myself some room to grow ;)I woke up and hiked squaw peak.. drooling and thinking about the donut I was going to get afterward. I was smart enough to ensure they would be open. They were open Christmas day from 4am-2pm which is worthy of an extra star right there.I walked in and knew right away I had entered a happy place. The display cases were filled with amazing looking treats. I was literally SLAPPED in the face with that fresh baked donut smell.I picked out the following:glazed blueberry buttermilkglazed buttermilk old fashionmaple bar that had been sliced down the middle and filled with some of the richest whipped cream I have ever had.I cut them all into 3's and sadly had to discard the extra. There is a line between treating yourself and killing yourself.THEY WERE STILL WARM! they were amazing.. they, unlike most things that I drool over for months then finally get, lived up to what my brain expected.The girl behind the counter was so very nice. She put up with me asking what everything was and being very indecisive. After finding out that anything left over is trashed at the end of the day I had to ask what time they get there to make them fresh. I guess they have a bigger selection on weekends and the crew comes in at 10pm to open at 4am to give us these amazing treats. On the weekdays they get in at midnight.Next time you feel like treating yourself to a sugar rush this place is worth the visit. Always support the local guys when you can!I should have taken pictures and noted prices but I was so excited I couldn't help myself. I'll try and do better on my next review :)PS.. Please start making a blueberry buttermilk bar :)
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,12/1/2010,643,475,10,12,11>I nearly cheated on you Rocket. The siren calls of the uber super deal of the restaurant next door was calling my name. I resisted the temptation of cheap chicken and ordered the California Club sandwich, fries and a diet Dr. Pepper for $6.54 (it's $2 dollars cheaper if you remember to bring the coupon).The California Club has generous portions of avocado, and perfectly cooked crispy well done bacon with tomatoes and turkey. It also comes with lettuce and sprouts if you're into that sort of thing. I had my sandwich on toasted rye bread. The fries are served in a separate basket from the sandwich, outstanding, the cook(owner) didn't put any salt on these fries since he remembered I'm not into salt. And they even serve the fries with ketchup already in one of those ketchup tubs; now that's what I call service. Oh, the California Club was outstanding as usual.I have had the burgers before, and all I can say is they rock as well. I'm not a big fan of the onion rings, but others seem to enjoy them.This place delivers affordable food that will keep you returning for more, and with the spirit of the political ad season, I APPROVE THIS MESSAGE.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,11/30/2010,502,173,3,12,9>I miss this place... I used to ride my bike to this Deli quite often when I lived near downtown Chandler before I moved away.  Now I work near downtown Chandler and now I get the opportunity to return and I must say the quality of food is still there and very good.  There's a wide range of deli-type sandwiches always hand made and a choice of hot and cold stuff... salads and deserts too.Just about every time I go in there Chandler PD is in there picking up food or eating in.... If the local cops eat there - you know it's good :)Ray (owner) seems very involved in local news too and is a great guy to talk to when you're there.  Enjoy
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2009,11/29/2010,279,329,12,11,9>DAYUM! ...DAAYUMM!! Just had a Mushroom Cheese Steak Sandwich here at Capriotti's, and...DAAAAAYUM!! Can I just tell you that from the first bite that sandwich never stood a chance...I barely came up for air! That sandwich tickled every single neuron in the pleasure-center of my brain. Seriously. In the immortal words of Tracy Morgan, "I wanted to take it behind the middle school and..." oh nevermind; you get the point. This place makes the best Cheese Steak Sandwiches I've had NOT in Philly.Oh, their other sandwiches are grand too! I've been here before and had others. The Italian...? Immaculate! They should change the name to that: "The Immaculate Italian." There are no flaws in their perception of what an Italian Sandwich should taste like. Perfection...you get to eat! And you should. I believe there are other "sub" sandwich shops in Ahwatukee; but don't bother. One bite from this place will make you a believer.Lastly, I do have one complaint. The way you order/pay is a bit cumbersome. Meaning, they don't want your money until your sandwich is ready...which would be okay if you had the place to yourself. But you don't. There's always a line. Which means when your sandwich is already finished (and should be in your mouth), you still have to wait in line to pay. Not cool. I could have been eating 4 minutes earlier. **Hey guys, change your system so that you pay WHEN YOU ORDER. It will make all of us happier to feast on your sandwiches sooner. Thanks**Okay, enough ranting. Great sandwiches here! Some of the best. Check it out if you haven't done so already. You'll be hooked....
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,11/28/2010,215,519,7,8,10>service - great, fast, nice and consistent. split our check, no prob, knew answers to questions about what goes in their sauces without having to go to the kitchen and ask, and high tailed it when we realized we had to rush out the door to make our show time. also had our table reserved (really, with a sign and everything) and ready to go when we walked in at our reservation time. (take that, wild thaiger)location - right in the heart of downtown. walking distance to phx symphony hall (which was why we chose it as our pre-show dining spot) and nestled among the businesses so i'm sure is hopping come noon.ambiance - intimate and on the casual side but with nice touches like dark wood accents. i would have preferred the flat screen in the corner playing news be off, along with the volume (it was dinner time, after all, not a rushed business lunch) and some music instead, but it was only a mild annoyance.food - i loved my yellow curry. it was sweet and savory and spicy (not hot spicy, but flavorful spicy) and fresh and delicious. portions were huge, and well priced. i wish i could recall the name of the entree my friend got, but it came out with three - yes, three -- chicken breasts! my leftovers were enough for two more meals. a great menu that would fly with kids and less adventurous diners and with thai food appreciators.misc - hours could be longer. i'm sure it brings in more $$ as a lunch spot, but i would come to dinner more often if they were open later. and they close from like 3 to 5. no full bar - beer and wine only.overall: very pleased, wish i had come over a year ago when i first heard about it. oh wait, i tried twice and was twice thwarted by their hours!
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,11/27/2010,172,176,12,8,8>Ratings on scale of 1-5 (last visit)Tastiness.........................................­........... 4Greasiness........................................­......... 5Management yelling at employees......... 5  (including Greek accent)Ambiance (aside from yelling)..................3Price/Value.......................................­.............3Ok, that's the best I could do to replicate Sean's impressively objective rating system without committing all out plagiarism.  It's just that I've chosen to include slightly different criteria.The fries are indeed cooked in grease from the heavens, and then served in a big greasy brown paper pouch.  They were so much better than most I've had, especially from such an apparent hole-in-the-wall place.The gyro was heaping full of flavorful, salty lamb/beef (at least I assume that's the mix, even though the menu doesn't specify).  It is then drenched in a creamy tzatziki sauce and topped with onions and tomato.  In all, very good.Another plus was the fact that the manager/owner told me he would have my meal ready in less than five minutes from when I ordered over the phone.  While I was at first a tad suspicious that quality might suffer from such hasty preparation, I decided to happily roll with the welcome comfort of an immediately sated appetite.And sated I was..... I now feel like I'm moments away from a food coma as I digest this big gut bomb.  The only comfort I have is that I got to chuckle a little bit about the owner/manager interrogating and berating his employee (family member?) in front of me as he inquired about how I discovered his restaurant.  When I said that it was from an ex-employee having left a menu and not from his guys dropping one off, he decided that maybe he should go deliver the damn menus to area businesses himself!  I agree that this is a sensible idea -- he sounded like he needed a break from the restaurant.Overall pretty good.  I just might be back again soon.  But I do think the prices could stand to drop a buck or so.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,11/26/2010,156,102,5,15,10>CAUTION: Maui Dog is Highly Addictive.The above statement should be printed on the menu, by the way.My friend has been raving about this place for weeks now...and last night I finally stopped in only to find myself waking up this morning CRAVING it again! Yikes. And it's on my commute home from work. I think I am in trouble...By my friends recommendation, I had the Lava Dog, Shaggy Style. Basically, an all beef hot dog, chili ("lava") - monterey jack cheese - Maui cole slaw ("shaggy"). The slight sweetness of the bun, bit of salt with the dog and chili topped with the crispness and freshness of the maui slaw creates the perfect balance. Now it's a "taste explosion" at a hot dog 'stand'? Better believe it.Next time, I want to try something different...like the Brat dog or Spam slider. They offer unique toppings for all dogs - maui style - chipotle garlic mayo, maui mustard, coconut and pineapple topping to name a few. I am going to have to go for the shaved ice next time too, especially Amy's recommendation of the "Tiger's Blood"Some inside SCOOP on this place, because I asked the owner John (who's super nice) a million questions. The Chili is Vegetarian. The buns are AMA-ZING and it's his own recipe. The buns are baked fresh locally. The brats are made especially for him as well. He was inspired by a place he visited all of the time in Hawaii - while he was surfing! A good enough reason for us Phoenicians to welcome a little ALOHA in our lives.SOME OTHER THINGS I LIKE?   - They DO take debit cards, it's NOT cash only.    - THEY ARE PET FRIENDLY (Patio, obviously)   - I love the surfboard painted out front, makes for some entertaining photo shoots for kids, pets and hey...even adults!I'm glad to support a locally-owned, unique business that offers a fantastic product. Mahalo!!!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,11/25/2010,91,41,7,13,9>This is a great place to grab some food after a night out in Scottsdale! I was at an event at Martini Ranch last week, and some of my friends wanted to grab some food after. I still don't know the area that well, so I was happy when my friend Matt C exclaimed cheesesteak! when I asked where they wanted to go.I had a cheesesteak with american, onion, and the works. I was sober at that point, but I'd imagine if you're worried about an upset stomach you shouldn't get a sandwich with three different kinds of peppers on it. It was delicious, and I could only eat half.Service was quick and friendly, with the authentic touch of the guy in the kitchen yelling at people calling them jackasses. It's true the steak could be cut thinner, and the bread isn't the best, but this place fills the late night grub niche well.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,11/24/2010,129,543,7,11,11>Vietnamese food is so comforting and Noodles Ranch has never failed me in the value/meal size ratio so I think they deserve a solid 4 stars. I just had my second take out lunch from NR yesterday, a huge order of Pho (P7 with broccoli and bok choy, $1 extra for tofu) that I wasn't even able to finish. When you order take out the Pho comes in a styrofoam cup, the sprouts, jalapeno, basil, siracha and lime are in a baggy, and the noodles and tofu are in the takeout box. I had to separate about half of the broth out of the cup because it was filled to the brim and there was no room for the other goodies. Then I went to work adding all my treats and created a massive pho that was just spicy enough with the little cup of siracha. No I will say that the siracha has some brown sauce mixed in, like soy sauce or something with high sugar (fish sauce?). I wasn't wild about the sweetness that lingered because of that. What more can I say? It filled and warmed my belly, burned my esophagus and staved off my 'i haven't eaten lately' crankiness.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,11/23/2010,732,344,13,16,17>My Saturday was booked full of fun plans. I was going to meet a girflfriend for lunch and eat on the patio, then head to savers to see if i could spot any awesome deals, then i was going to go to the fabric store to pick fabric for the drapes i'm making. well, i get all ready and head out. one problem- my garage door wont open. ummm, hmmmm. IM STUCK! and i'm starving! and uh oh, just realized i'm out of toilet paper! 1. thank god for delivery2. thank god for tissues3. thank god for A1 I called every single company I could find that offered garage door repair, and being that it was Saturday, well the fees were through the roof. Most people wouldn't even see what was wrong until I handed over $150. Until I called A1- they were having a special- NO service fees!!!! AH-MAZING! I had a broken spring- so after taxes and repair and everything it was $180- which was the same price as everyone else on the weekdays and A1 did it on the weekend :) My hero. They were able to come that afternoon and he completed the work quickly.  He arrived around 6:30 and was out of there about an hour later. I'm Free!!!!!
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,12/26/2011,115,314,5,12,8>Copper Star has always been a place that feels like home to me, and the owners have spared no expense at making their next venture,  Circle H Barbecue, feel the same way. I also can't thank them enough for seeing the potential in the old Taco Cabana (and for keeping their bathroom signs - it's a riot!!).The place has such a nice vibe to it, and the attention to detail can really be seen in the well designed menu, the space and the staff. The tables are all branded with the circle h logo, which is actually a brand once used on a family farm. Pictures of the family hang on the walls to admire as you wander about the space and there is a lot of room to socialize and enjoy some great barbecue.I've been waiting ages for this place to open, and upon hearing of their first official day of their soft opening (grand opening coming in a month or so), I was able to convince a few friends to swing in to grab some dinner. While everything on the menu wasn't there, most of it was. Well, aside from the Dr. Pepper cake which I am now dying to try. The menu consists of appetizers, some common, some uncommon, like the grilled cheese sandwich trio I think will be a frequent meal and the gringo nachos. Salads are available as well as sandwiches, platters and huge combo meals that will probably cover a family for a decent price. I had the brisket sandwich, and the others in my party had the Memphis Flyer (pulled pork + slaw). The food came quickly in a basket with the typical red and white checkered paper. Mine came with the sauce on the side, which is homemade. While the brisket needed no sauce, it was too good to resist and I loaded it on. The bun never got too soggy and hard to manage and the barbecue was amazing. It was enough for a meal too without feeling too full. They are still in the process of opening, and as such all the decorations aren't yet up and the bar is not available quite yet, but this should not keep you from trying it out soon. The patio is gorgeous, the people are great, and it's another great reuse of space by a great local business owner.  Bonus is that it's right off the light rail so you have no excuse to not head there. They will also eventually serve breakfast, which, well, we all know I'm a fan of.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,12/25/2011,391,180,4,13,7>What a breath of fresh fresh air. The owner of this restaurant actually took my constructive criticism and made some very positive changes based on them. How awesome is that?Regarding the rice, apparently the staff who previously told me that they used chicken stock was misinformed. The owner showed me the seasoning they use and it is all veggie!They're also now carrying a vegan lentil soup daily and it's delicious!The pitas contain no dairy, which is awesome.This place makes some great veggie food and the owner is very friendly and responsive to customer needs.Definitely recommend that you check this place out!
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,12/24/2011,82,91,4,11,7>Stopped in here a couple weeks using a groupon I purchased for $40 worth of meats.  The man behind the counter was friendly and more than helpful, explaining the different grades of meat that they carry.  Excellent service!I bought 2 strip steaks that I threw on the grill that night and they were right up there in the top 5 steaks I've ever had.  Good marbling, plenty of flavor and as fresh as I could ask for.  And these weren't even the "prime" grade steaks.  I also picked up some awesome looking short ribs and ground beef.  But what I was most excited about - they carry Vienna hot dogs and condiments!  Being from Chicago, I was so happy to find this taste of home.  I picked up a lb of hot dogs and a bottle of the Vienna hot giardianera.  Now this is what giardianera should taste like.  They also had the neon green relish and mustard, but I'm not a big fan of either no matter what the brand.  This place is a little far from me (I'm in E Mesa) but I will definitely be making another visit soon.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,12/23/2011,105,67,5,9,6>We generally do take out because Yasu is very small and very busy, but if you are able to snag a table before it gets too crowded, check out their $5 happy hour menu.  I have only tried a few of the items, but they were great and you can't beat the price!  The nigiri sushi at Yasu is wonderful.  My absolute favorite is the albacore.  It is to-die-for!  The albacore slices are topped with dried (or fried?) garlic and onion then a light sauce is poured over the top.  You have to try it to understand.  The spicy tuna hand rolls are another winner.  Plenty of fishy goodness, and some rice, bursting out of the nori cone.   If you like Tobiko order the "premium" spicy tuna, but be sure to nix the romaine lettuce.  It overpowers and adulterates the tuna and Tobiko flavors I love so much. The specialty rolls are good, but there aren't many to choose from.  Also, the roll ingredients aren't listed on the sushi order sheet...or anywhere else for that matter.  It is a pain to have to flag down a server to ask what's in a Phoenix or Sun roll.  My major disappointment here is lack of a real sushi bar.  There is a bar, but you can't really see what the chefs are making nor can you call out your order to the chefs.  One of my favorite things about sushi restaurants is drinking and getting chummy with the chefs at the bar.  Not gonna happen here...All in all, a great place to grab some sushi.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,12/22/2011,263,625,4,5,7>The first time i came here was when they first opened. So i thought i would give it another try. As i was craving Thai food.     I hoped they were still open as most places close @2:30 pm.    Yes they were open and they serve lunch specials till 3:00pm/ Wonderful!  Guess what else???? They do not close after lunch and reopen for dinner. They just stay open.                                                                                 You know when you want food, but cannot go until 3, but nothing is open till 5:00. No worries here they are open all day!                                                                  When i came in at 2:30 i was the only one there,though more people came in later. It smelled wonderful and i was greeted and sat immediately.   My waiter Julio was adorable and sweet. He brought me some lovely hot green tea in a half glass Tea pot. It was delish!  The decor is very nice with a lot of sparkle. Slight Christmas decorations tasteful and not over done. Bathrooms were nice and clean as well.                         For food, I got the yellow curry with Shrimp. First he brought out the soup that came with  it. Wonderful chicken and rice soup. It was so good.                                          Spice taste is 1 through 5, i ordered a 3.  The rice was fluffy and not all stuck together as some places have. The curry dish was incredible, it also came with an egg roll and some fried chips. Even the egg roll was good with fresh veg inside.  I am so happy i went there. I can't wait to go back. After you have finished your meal, they bring you some fresh cut watermelon.  Just enough to clean your palette.     This is the place to be!!
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,12/21/2011,690,342,32,29,24>My only complaint about Short Leash is that they don't follow me around town in the food cart, which means I cannot eat delicious hot dog concoctions all day! How unfair is that?!?Well, Amber... we all know you are a VEGAN, so why do you want to be followed around by a hot dog cart? Well, Reader... Short Leash has VEGGIE DOGS! That is right... this delicious, convenient, amazing food cart has VEGGIE DOGS!The bread, however, is not vegan. But that is fine, because they chop up your wiener into little bite sized pieces and load it up with one of the many (50+??) ingredients they have available. And when you don't get it with bread, you get two!I top my double wiener with pinto beans, sauteed onions, green chilies, jalapenos, and tomatoes. I'm going to come up with a name and have them name one special after me.Excellent customer service, positive vibe, delicious, high-quality ingredients, and I legally get to say wiener six times in 1 review!Wiener wiener wiener!
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,12/20/2011,493,165,14,11,8>I think I love this place!Nice app selection you might not see every where. A big wow!   Baked Green Lip Mussels  with a great tasting dynamite sauce, just don't count the calories. If you like to keep it simple, I really enjoyed the vegi Tempura light batter with a choice of two dipping sauces.  mmm this makes my mouth water. Sushi:  I was impressed by the attention to detail and presentation.  check their website to see their selection.  I enjoyed the crunchy but I stick mostly with the basics, Butterfish is not seen on every menu so I tried it and think "Its the best town and all the sushi I tried had great color and extremely fresh.  What will keep me coming back, probably the Tempura ice cream dessert,  this place does it right,  I did not have time to take a photo before it was eaten.  I look forward to having more of the entrees from here.  And the drink menu is creative as well.  Haters,  Ok Robert U your first, you have three friends and one review,Lauren P. you have two reviews including  Top It CupcakesLast Michale H.  you have two reviews both one star.This restaurant deserves to get some more realistic input. Happy eating!
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,12/19/2011,650,610,5,7,7>I agree with Dottsy Z., this place is more like a 4.5 stars. We had a wonderful time with friends this weekend.  Good company always makes an experience so much better.  This is a really cute place tucked away on Osborn between 22nd and 23rd streets.  I cannot believe I have not been here before or that I never heard of it.  Service was great, we had Justin as our server.  We  started with the brie, it was very good, however when we got it our server came to take our order, so until we all got done with that , our brie had gotten cold.   I had the fish of the day, which was cooked to perfection.  My hubby had the pork, delicious.  Our friends had the coq au Vin and and array of vegetarian sides.  They were very accommodating and served my friend a beautiful all vegetarian dish, side of potatoes au gratin (they were YUM), ratatouille, and vegetables.For dessert, we shared a creme brulee, my hubby had the apple tart, very delicious and our friend had the bread pudding, also outstanding.  This is a restaurant that is so cute for date nights or any special occasion, the setting is so quaint and beautiful.This is a place I would gladly come back over and over.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2011,12/18/2011,156,102,2,9,4>7 years strong, I religiously drive down Indian School past the German Sausage Co. Recently, I started seeing some activity going on...and then one day - BAM!! A sign pops up: O.H.S.O. Eatery + nanoBrewery .I couldn't wait to try it out, and knowing it opened just TO-DAY...I jumped at the opportunity.5 stars might be a bit pretentious, but I'm giving them an A for effort and 5 stars because honestly, I'd leave my office late....night after night ...after night....and would see these guys STILL working at 2 and 3am...just to get the place open. It's apparent there is some serious sweat equity, late nights and blue collar effort to get this place going. I highly respect this and give them props.Not to mention, I love the simplicity of the place. Yet, I can see it being the new, semi-non-trendy place to hang out. I know I'll be making it a recent stop. Rumor has it...they'll be renting out bikes (check them out as you walk in) and they offer mini-pitchers for $5 before 5 with tons of local beers on tap. It's nothing fancy, frilly or Scottsdale...it's casual and comfortable. My kinda place.So let's get down to business: Beers on Tap....they carry one of my girly favorites the White Chocolate Ale but this time I went for the Count Hopula and Nut Brown. Both great! The O.H.S.O. Amber was really good as well. Girls who might not be big beer fans might be a fan of the O.H.S.O. Raspberry Wheat although it was a bit light for my palette.Had some small bites, including the Brewers' Choice which was a mixture of your choice of 2 meats and 2 cheeses, accompanied by caramel popcorn, roasted nuts, bread & butter pickles, a homemade fruit roll up, cheddar crackers and fresh Italian bread. There was also a date/goat cheese butter that rocked and another assortment of roasted veggie/fruit relish. Great starter platter for sure. All the bread is made in-house! The Sharp Cheddar was awesome...the Red Dragon was basically a Mustard Seed cheese (don't choose this option if you hate whole grain mustard :) ) They have rotating meats but on the menu today was a Colorado Elk Sausage....AMAZING! Loved it.We also added the Crispy Calamari + Spicy Seared Ahi to our assortment. It was great with a citrus zest. Although next time, I need to try the marinated skirt steak.All in all, I believe this place will be an OH-SO great addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2011,12/17/2011,327,204,5,11,10>On a whim I ended up here on a Saturday night. The lady and I were enjoying the zombie walk when we all of a sudden decided to top off the already romantic evening with a date at Bianco's. Believe it or not, we waited less than an hour for a table. That being said, I wasn't wasted when I finally got to my pizza and I wasn't a pissed off/hungry food nazi waiting to hate every bite. I was completely neutral going in.We ordered some bread and olives to start, and they were both tasty! I would have preferred some kalamatas but the olives we received were good enough. The bread was great, and with a little bit of olive oil and salt, it was even better. As for pizzas, we ordered a Sonny Boy and a half Wiseguy, half Rosa. The Rosa was good. The rosemary and pistachios really went well with each other. The Wiseguy (the pizza that I thought would be my favorite) was just okay. The sausage had fennel in each chew, and the onions were a nice touch, but there wasn't that pop of flavor like I got from each bite of the Rosa. It's important for fancy pizza in my opinion. And, last but not least, there was the Sonny Boy. This pizza was definitely my favorite of the three. The salami, the cheeses and the olives went perfectly with one another! Those first few chews were the highlight of my visit to the pizzeria. I would order that pizza again in a heartbeat.My bottom line...? It's good. Period. I'm not sure that I'd want to wait for 3+ hours to eat there (that's silly considering all the other great pizza places not too far from there), but if the same kind of situation that I had my first visit came about, I could see myself returning to Pizzeria Bianco.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2011,10/16/2011,366,184,12,17,14>I am removing one star from this place because of the extremely slow service. This is an order at the counter place, so you expect it to be a little bit faster. But that's not the case. You actually wait longer than a sit down restaurant. I would subtract more stars due to the frustration every time I visit, but the food is just that good! This is still a must try place. But if you are in a rush or have children with you, you might want to pass. Or call your order in so it's ready for pick-up.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,10/15/2011,60,80,8,24,13>Did you ever say you wished you had a J-Lo butt? Then read on...I might be a little bias being 1/2 Puerto Rican, but you know you are at the right place when you walk in and see that countries native people eating there. If you want a real treat and have never had Puerto Rican food, please go to Millie's and try it.It is a Mom & Pop place for sure -you will see Millie herself right behind the counter cookin' your food like you were sitting in her kitchen while her husband is taking your order. The price is definitely right! We practically had the entire menu for $40. Don't be fooled by the ambiance... tiny dining room, fold out tables & chairs, plastic ware & cups with ice from an ice chest propped up on a stool. The food is where the money is!! BTW- cash only, so be prepared. Open Thurs-Sun for lunch & dinner (11am-8pm).Here are some highlights if you're not familiar:Tostones... fried & salted plantains - get the garlic side dipPasteles... pork inside green banana (like a tamale, but better)Amarillos... sweet fried bananaArroz con Gandules... yellow rice w/beansand last but NOT least (here's where the J-Lo butt comes in)Mofongo w/a side of pork - it is hard to describe but easy to remember! It is plantain w/crispy fried pork formed into a ball of joy! And the sides of pork that they give are the most tender juicy pork I've ever had. This is a must try item! But not for the faint of heart - literally. "Bottom" line is I would eat here everyday if I could afford new clothes.P.S. I read someone else's review that stated that the Flan was not made there. Just FYI, Millie is the Flan Lady & makes the flan right there in that same kitchen. The only problem is that she makes it for restaurants valley wide & so in that mass production - it loses some of it's homemade quality. It is still good though & she makes a mean pastry. Try 'em!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,10/14/2011,281,41,13,16,15>I've never been one to fall in love easily. Until now. Culinary Dropout was love at first bite. Walking in, the decor of this place caused instant infatuation. I want to steal their purple wall and get a mini version of those wonderful green crystal chandeliers for my bedroom. Their booths are so comfy and the lighting was just right. When it cools down I definitely plan on spending some time having cocktails on their beautiful patio. Our server, Tori was adorable and fantastic. Not only was she incredibly perky and attentive, she knew the menu like the back of her hand. And the way she described all of the items made me want to order one of everything. Also, she encouraged us to take our time. We started with an app, hung out and talked, then ordered an entree, hung out and marinated on that, and then ended with dessert. We were there for quite some time and never felt rushed or abandoned. Tori made our dining experience more than stellar. Now to the important part. The A.maz.ing. food. First out, the soft pretzels with provolone fondue. Oh em gee. I LOVE pretzels and cheese but I will never be satisfied again unless I'm having it at Culinary Dropout. The pretzels have just the right amount of sea salt (not too much) and are so fantastically soft. The fondue was the perfect temperature and they have a little candle flame to keep it the right consistency so you can take your time eating. Although those pretzels disappeared really fast. Our entree, the sweet corn cannelloni. Thanks to Tori warning me this is seasonal and will change to butternut squash I was all over it. My friend and I split this and the serving size was still plentiful. I want to find whomever came up with the idea of putting mashed corn inside the cannelloni pasta and kiss them on the lips. The butter sauce was so flavorful but not too heavy and complimented the corn flavor instead of distracting from it. Dessert. Words cannot describe. I have lived in a world where I believed the best dessert in existence was creme brulee with berries until last night. The salted caramel custard made me want to utter inappropriate noises of delight. Topped with their caramel popcorn and chilled at just the right temperature, my friend and I indulged in silence as our taste buds rejoiced. If I wasn't classy I would have licked the cup. So, Culinary Dropout, I am in love. All I want to know is when we will meet again??? I'll be longing for you until that day.
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,10/13/2011,238,88,5,10,7>As a Chandlerite, I've been here several times. Every time has been stellar. My sister and I went for tea and noms last Friday, and we split the Bruschetta and a Caprese tower. My mouth was in rapture! The apple pear green tea was tasty and even better after the second steep. We left stuffed but satisfied.They've really made the space beautiful, and I found myself thinking of reasons to rent out that awesome back room with the rad, artsy chandelier. Maybe for my next birthday.I give this place two enthusiastic thumbs up.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,10/12/2011,280,572,11,12,14>Yum.  I could end my review there, but my mystery "fans" might be disappointed.We had a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon, and the place was almost empty.  I'm glad about that because I didn't care for the layout of the dining room.  Unless the room had been set up for a large group that had left, with the exception of counter seating and a few four-top pub tables, all the seating was 2 long rows of small tables placed about 6 inches from each other.  Although it does make it easy to set up tables for groups of any size, I'm not fond of sitting on a stranger's lap generally.  We started with a small caprese plate with house-made burrata, pesto, cherry tomatoes, balsamic, and ciabatta toasts.  We were starving, so we devoured it pretty quickly, leading the server to comment "you finished that already?"  Yes, we did, it was a small, and it was delicious.  But I appreciated her not outright saying, "wow, nice job fat-ass."Next up was the potato and roasted garlic pizza with fontina, gorgonzola, leeks, rosemary, and the addition of prosciutto.  My husband insisted I choose the pizza, and I loved every bite of it!  And the best part was I loved every bite of it because he didn't.  So I generously suggested he order another pizza knowing I would have it all to myself.  He went with the pepperoni.  Although they are very generous with the pepperoni, it's still just a pepperoni pizza.  The sauce was a little sweet for me, but I prefer a spicier sauce.  Can't wait to come back and try the pistachio pizza.  And for the record, no soggy crust!Suffice it to say...Yum.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,10/11/2011,110,72,10,6,7>Tax free smokes!! yeah I'm a picker,and I'm a Grinner, I'm a lover and I'm a sinner . . . Playin' my music in the sun.!!!  blah blah blah . . . Tax free Cancer stixx . . . . . . . they ain't without me when I'm doin' my TriXX . . . .uhu!
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,10/10/2011,75,87,3,8,5>Matt and I dined here for our Christmas Eve dinner. Since this was the first time I didn't make the trip home to San Francisco for Christmas, I had absolutely no idea what to do with my Christmas Eve. Matt and I need plans! Therefore, after doing some investigative work on the internet as to what Arizonians can do in Phoenix on Christmas Eve, I came across PCG and their special menu for the holiday. Their prime rib and sea bass specials looked mouthwatering so I made reservations. In the end, this place did not disappoint!! I will unquestionably be back. I started out with a strong and tart pomegranate margarita that wasn't too sweet. I don't like it when margaritas are sugary so this one was perfect, and a great way to get my Christmas festivities started. For my main course I opted to try the sea bass special. It came with almond crusted asparagus and some garlicky (and insanely buttery) rosemary mashed potatoes. How would I describe the entire meal? In one word, perfection! That sea bass was so fresh and delicious it practically swam right up to my plate. You can't really go wrong with asparagus but this wasn't just your regular vegetable. They coated the asparagus with a crunchy layer of almonds and it was soooooo tasty. And yeah, the mashed potatoes tasted like they had about 5 cubes of butter in them... but that's the best way to make em!I wish I had known about this place sooner because it really is such a delightful restaurant. The atmosphere isn't too lively but it isn't too dull. Tons of families, friends and large groups filled the interior so PCG really suits any age demographic. I loved the decorations that they had up for Christmas, and I highly recommend dining here for any holiday. They really do an all around excellent job at providing an awesome dining experience. When I was there I also noticed that they have a really nice bar with an even nicer happy hour... so once I get the chance, I'm going to head right back here and try it out! Everyone in AZ needs to know about this place. It's one of those solid classic restaurants you can go to for pretty much any occasion. 5 stars to PCG!
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,10/9/2011,320,428,7,14,7>Camelback rd. has established itself as the avenue for gourmet burgers.  Indian School is laying claim to the hot dog.  Between Nogales, Maui Dogs, the regular visits from Short Leash and now Joeys of Chicago, Indian School is fast becoming the defacto hot dog mecca for locals.While not quite as good as the Sonoran dogs in Tucson or even Mexico, this place more than sufficiently satisfies your cravings.  And the fact that it is cash only and in a shady parking lot only heightens the 'South of the Border' like adventure.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2011,10/8/2011,391,180,3,6,2>Cool spot.They tell me the following is vegan:Rice (it's made with oil, not butter nor chicken stock like many other places)HummusPitasFattoush saladFalafelDolmasTheir spaghetti noodlesWe'll be visiting periodically when we're looking for a Mediterranean/Arabic food kick.
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2010,10/7/2011,82,91,4,11,8>This review is for their tamales only.  I haven't been to this location, I bought mine at the Phoenix Public Market.OMG these are some of the best tamales I've ever had!!  I've tried the beef with red chile, the green chile chicken, the chicken chipotle and green chile corn cream cheese.  There was plenty of filling and you could even tell by looking at it, what it was filled with.  The taste was amazing, and spiced nicely.  They heat in 2 minutes in the microwave (I left them in the paper wrapper and corn husk) and they steamed inside to a perfect moist and hot tamale for your eating pleasure.  These tamales are exactly the way all tamales should be!I am happy to know I can buy these at the Mesa Farmers Market on Fridays without having to go all the way downtown.  You can be sure I'll stock up again!
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2007,6/12/2007,201,379,10,7,3>You'd think I'd have gone to Miracle Mile already, considering how close I've lived to this joint for the past 18 months, but given I work nowhere near it so that I could easily drop by for lunch, and that it never seems open when I drive by it at night, my chances to eat here were slim to none. I thought Miracle Mile was closed on the weekends, and I was going to try out the Kokopelli taqueria a few doors down instead, but as I was walking towards the latter, I saw that Miracle Mile had its tables and umbrellas out, and so I walked towards it.Open! Score!I walked in, and was taken aback by how mf'ing HUGE this place is. I'm serious. It's like airport hangar size. OK, maybe half the size of the Best Buy around the corner, but still.Now comes the intimidating part - the New York Jewish deli-cafeteria-style ordering bit. It seemed like everyone who was in line knew what they wanted before they even got to the front. No stalling. No indecisiveness. It was all "pastrami on rye with two latkes and a pickle" and move on. Total Soup Nazi style. Any delay and you got both the people behind you and the guy behind the counter giving you the evil eye. Man, it's Sunday! What's everyone's hurry? Day of rest, people!So I got to the front, and not wanting to waste one second, ordered the roast beef on kaiser roll. "Hot roast beef, right?" said the guy. I wanted cold, but said yes anyway. Did I even want roast beef? Whatever. Sandwich, fries, and pickle came to about $8.25 with tax, which seemed a little high to me - especially since all that was in the sandwich was the meat and one small dinky slice of swiss cheese. I then took my tray, sat down, and picked up my sandwich.Or more accurately, I tried to pick it up.The bottom half of the kaiser roll had completely disintegrated thanks to the juices of the roast beef, and all the contents just fell through my fingers and onto the plate. Okay, so it was now a fork and knife meal. I'd have thought for $8.25 the bread would last at least a couple more minutes. My fries were lukewarm and a little limp & soggy, which was a downer. I mean, if I'm going to partake in ingesting solid cholesterol and then feeling bad about it afterwards, damn at least those fries better be hot and crispy and worth it. In any case,  I sat around and ate my meal while lazily reading the New Times. Regardless of the sandwich malfunction and the sad fries (wah wah), it's still Sunday and I'm still going to read something, like the "Ask A Mexican" column on page 5 or wherever it is.I'd say the meat of my sandwich was pretty decent (albeit sprawled on my plate and not in my hands), but beyond the kaiser roll being flimsy, it wasn't a great roll taste-wise. I was expecting a lot better, for some reason. But maybe it was because I chose my meal in a slight panic that I didn't order correctly. Who knows. There is a lot offered in terms of both hot and cold sandwiches, plus many other dishes (mac n' cheese, chicken salad, etc.), and of course, latkes. How many places do you know have latkes ready to eat? In Phoenix, anyway? But my experience here was lacking a bit, which is a bum deal, because I really wanted to like it and have it become one of my weekend institutions as well.Miracle Mile apparently is a very popular daytime destination as it's packed to the gills during weekday lunch hour (which is crazy for me to picture every table in this humongous place being occupied). Whether I'll be back again is a good question, but at least I know in the future that my brain needs to be switched to "on" as soon as I step my foot in. Nothing like Grandma Ethel sighing loudly and impatiently behind you while you debate the merits of rye or sourdough in your head. 3 stars.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,6/11/2007,12,2,3,5,4>Hotel Friday!Valley Ho Hotel's Cafe Zu ZuSame old:  At the end of the work week I often find myself tired, haggard and lacking that little zing in my step.  The last thing I want to do is spend my Friday evening, after an hour and half preparation - primping, poking and spilling myself into skinny jeans, that too cute Chloe top (yes, it's completely impractical....I love it!) and Jimmy Choos (where I hope to God I didn't just step in what I think I did) - in some noisy, elbow-to-elbow, jam-packed trendy club where it takes thirty minutes to get a drink!  We all know that this ritual rarely concludes with the desired outcome, unless you really wanted to be awkwardly groped and fondled like you were by Bobby Murphy at the eighth grade dance.  So, one evening, after having had enough of the Paris Hilton wannabes, lack of vodka in my vodka-soda and hundred-dollar tabs that leave me less buzzed than the three week old milk in my fridge, I had an epiphany.  Enter hotel Friday's!On Friday, a couple times a month, friends and I, like-minded young professionals frustrated and bored by the usual routine, spend the evening at a different hotel to enjoy the ambiance, company, conversation, cuisine and, of course, cocktails.  Recently, we decided to try out the Caf Zu Zu at the Hotel Valley Ho in Scottsdale.  The buzz had been good and I wanted to judge for myself.First Impressions:  As I cruise up the hotel driveway, I am impressed by the architecture and obvious history of this very chic, art-deco and Valley-known celebrity hot-spot.  The valet (yes, I know how a lot of people are weary of valets, but trust me, there's no parking anywhere else so you just gotta suck it up and have a little faith) cordially escorts me from my car and ushers me to the door.  I enter the hotel and immediately feel transported into the Hollywood glam of 1960-something.  The dcor is clean, neat, and retro, contemporary in style, boasting shades of brown and orange, geometric angles paired with unexpected curves and unique and interesting lighting fixtures.  Truly, The Valley Ho is gorgeous.  I take in the social scene and notice that the clientele appears to be largely varied in age, mid twenty-something's to late fifties and well-dressed, well spoken, pretty and affluent.  Meeting my friends at the lobby bar, I decide to order a glass of wine.  The wine list is fairly extensive, yet not pretentious, with something for everyone.  I select a glass of the Willamette Valley pinot noir which I find to be smooth, flavorful and relaxing.  As a matter of fact, the entire setting is comfortable and calming yet totally en vogue, busy without feeling like you're stuck in bumper-to-bumper traffic.Dinner time:  No waiting.  We are immediately shown to our table and are easily accommodated, despite our party of ten.  Our waiter is efficient, but not overbearing, offering suggestions and opinions when asked.  Our glasses are always full, our needs anticipated and the food sublime!  Seriously, I wasn't sure what to expect from the creative and unusual American dishes as I peruse the menu.  However, I thoroughly enjoy the Warm Maytag Blue Cheese Fondue, the eleven dollar Macaroni and Cheese (I had to see what eleven dollar mac and cheese tasted like....it was worth every penny) and, my favorite, an authentic take-me-back-to-1950-soda-shop real banana split!  Devine!Night cap:  After dinner, we adjourn to the lobby area where we are able to sit in comfort, enjoying the warmth of the gas-powered fireplace and indulge in our after-dinner drinks.  The evening was peaceful, relaxing, fun and engaging.  To sum it up in one word, "classy".  The perfect way to unwind from a long week!  If I could, I'd do it all again (and I left as put together as I was when I arrived, no problem, Jimmy, your welcome)!  Oh, and my speedometer didn't suggest foul play either. 411:  Hotel Valley Ho is located at 6850 East Main Street in Scottsdale, Arizona, 85251.  Call 480-421-7997 for reservations, walk-ins welcome.  Prices are moderate serving breakfast, lunch and dinner.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2007,6/9/2007,124,19,9,9,7>Let's play a little word association. I'm going to mention two words to you and you gage your reaction.Chicken and waffles.Was your reaction "ew?" If so, go ahead and skip this review and go wait for a table at Chili's because Lo-Lo's Chicken & Waffles is not for you.If your reaction was "Oh HELLLL Yeah!" then head on over the South Phoenix for some of the best soul food Phoenix has to offer. Definitely not health conscious food, but if you are gonna cheat on your diet, Lo-Lo's would be the place to do it. The fried chicken is crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. The sides are tasty and plentiful. The waffles are out of this world. By far the best waffles I've ever had. The red velvet cake is dense and moist.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2006,6/8/2007,43,384,4,8,6>Mac Alpine's is an Original Soda Fountain.  Pretty sure it's the only one left in the city.  When you walk in you can sit on one of the stools at the original bar and one of the lovely folks there will make the drink or ice cream desert of your dream.  A fizz, an egg cream, a malt or even a simple Dr Pepper float.  You name it, they can make it.  The ice cream deserts rock in their simplicity.  There are some very cool original booths still left, and some extra seating in the back.  It's not a huge place by any means, but I've never had to wait for a table - even when they were a stop on the First Friday bus route.  Folks who came by acted like they were in a museum - just looking at all the cool stuff - some of which is for sale - and left.  They have NO idea what they were missing out on here.  The ONLY thing that makes the place not get 5 stars is that they don't offer french fries.  Their burgers are awesome - but without the fries, I stick more to their amazing BLT or their messy but good good egg salad.  Both of those go great with their potato salad - which I think is one of the best ever.  The absolute best part?  We had 2 meals, 2 flavored drinks and 2 deserts and it cost less than $25.  Bam baby.
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2007,6/7/2007,241,239,9,4,4>Anywhere where I can watch a game of baseball in an intimate setting, work on my tan, drink a beer, and get hit on by twins deserves no less than 5 stars. Especially when said ballpark is also the most popular, attendance-wise, on the Cactus League circuit as well as the namesake for a stuff purple walrus I had back in junior high.In all the years I've attended Spring Training, I never had a chance to visit Hohokam Park, home of the Chicago Cubs as they never happened to play the Giants or A's during our trips . But this year, as luck would have it, the Cubs were hosting the Giants an hour after our plane landed in Phoenix. We had our fingers crossed that there would be no major flight delays and that scalpers would be abundant once we arrived. The Baseball God was smiling on us that day because our flight arrived on time and we scored a pair of lawn seats a few feet from our parked car.Parking is $5. Lawn seats are $6. The beer man comes to your spot in the grass and delivers you a nice, cold can of Old Style for $5. And if you happen to be a family from the mid-west, find that Chinese girl wearing the Giants cap and dump your kids on her for the afternoon, it's free. By the way, the twins I mentioned earlier? Well, they were a combined age of 36 months but really, who cares about the details.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2007,6/6/2007,223,709,,6,6>If you love pizza, come to La Vecchia. You can barely understand the owner on the phone thanks to his thick Italian accent, but that makes it even better.They have a few tables and chairs inside, but I normally just have it delivered or pick it up instead of eating there.I've only had the pizza, but I think they have calzones too and maybe a few pasta dishes. It's awesome pizza though and if you haven't been, you definitely should try it out if you live in the area.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2007,6/5/2007,114,79,3,5,8>Having recently defected to Central Phoenix from the dairy and strip-mall-laden wasteland that is Laveen, I decided to try a few restaurants in the area that didn't have the words "Burger" or "in the Box" in their name. Being relatively new to the area and otherwise afraid to attempt to turn left onto 7th St, I summed up the courage one day after having been invited to lunch by a friend and made the mad dash across the street and down to Ticoz Resto-Bar. In the amount of time it took me to turn left I probably could have just walked there, but that's neither here nor there. Upon entering, I feel like I have been transported to some urban-cool hipster hangout that actually wasn't situated right next to a brake repair shop. Replete with so-dark-you-can't-see candle lighting and 11 minute remixes of the latest breakout dance track, you have your choice of seating situations. You can dine in the dining room, belly up to the bar for cocktails or brave the outdoors on the patio. My lunch companion and I were seated on the patio immediately. I found it odd that there were signs posted to remind patrons to keep the volume of their conversations at a "normal" level as not to disturb nearby residents. Suddenly, I'm reliving a moment from kindergarten and being reminded to use my indoor voice. Since I'm now in my 30's and I've finally gotten the hang of that trick, I take a chance and converse with my lunch companion using my normal everyday voice. This is something you may want to bear in mind if you are meeting up with a large group of people after dark, want to sit on the patio and some members of your party are incapable of controlling their screaming and/or giggling.The menu offers enough variety to not only set it apart from other run-of-the-mill Southwestern restaurants but also makes me want to come back and try the other items at a later date. I opt for the Pork Torta Sandwich this time around, accompanied by a glass of Passion Fruit Sangria. The Pork Torta is served on grilled flat bread and is very flavorful. It's served with a side of what I can only call cole slaw.  The dressing is very tangy and flavorful and a nice compliment to the entree. The Sangria was potent and also went well with the meal, but seemed a little pricey. My dining companion has ordered the Coconut Curry Rice with beef and after sneaking a bite off of his plate when I alerted him to "something shiny" in the corner, I find it too is very delicious and flavorful, combining a number of unique flavors to create an altogether different dish than I have experienced at any other restaurant that might serve a patron a taco. A good attribute about Ticoz is the fact that it's open until midnight. This makes it one of the few places in Phoenix that doesn't lock up come nightfall (laundromats aside). I work late hours every day and I like the fact that I can still meet up with friends after a long day and sip cocktails without worry of being forced to cram waffle fries down my throat at an unsafe speed before being given the heave-ho, or worse yet, having to go to Applebees. The ambiance is great and the staff is very friendly. I have recommended Ticoz to many of my friends and co-workers and none of them have been disappointed in my suggestion.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2006,6/4/2007,287,1493,,3,1>Was here for a dance convention over the 4th of July weekend.  So you say, what the heck are you doing in Phoenix, Arizona in July...well, that is how we can afford a 4 star hotel, $300 a night casita for $95 a night.  Love the casitas, have a microwave and fridge in the room, AC works great and plenty of room to entertain friends, we would have 3-6 people visit us and there was still plenty of space, our room was the gossip salon.The spa was nice and of course pricey and Sprouts the restuarant was healthy but good, I had the fruit platter with blueberries, black berries, raspberries, pineapple, cantaloupe, honeydew, grapes and a cored out apple with strawberry yogurt.  Also ordered the hummus with freshly made crackers.  One friend had the chicken ceasar salad with a side of crab cakes, yummy and another friend had the squash soup, loved it, not too much cumin. yelp.com/biz_share?bizid…Had the dinner buffet Sunday night at the Navajo, I thought reasonable at $30 for the Camelback, the braised sea scallops were done well, loved of all things, the macaroni and cheese, prime rib was rare, like I liked it and the desserts covered 4 tables, everything was fingerling sized and my fave was the creme brulee with carmelized sugar.  yelp.com/biz/6Jgdmj0PBt2…There are three swimming pools, the Jackrabbit is the largest but during the heat of the day, the water was too warm, I would go in at 3am at night and it was perfect. Tons of pool floaties to use and even clean towels at 3am.Little cry outs Jutney boys/bellmen would take forever to pick you upto drive you around the property, you need it since the heat breaks the 100's and the property is spread out across quite a bit of acreage, walking outside with no shade...not attractive arriving at the ballroom to compete with sweatstains under your arms and sweat dripping down your face and your hair frizzed out.Official check in time is at 4pm, I arrived at 12 noon and they wouldn't let me check in early and said they would call me on my cell when my room was ready, I had to call them.You need a car, there is no grocery store or other eateries within walking distance other then the onsite restuarants.Next year will be staying at the Biltmore, AZ.  The pools are amazing, 5 and some are interconnected with a 95 ft waterslide.  The girls and I are going to rent a cabana over the weekend, at $400 a day, we are going to live in it and run the cabana boys....ragged!  Will report next year on the Biltmore.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2006,6/3/2007,10,40,,,1>oh the glory days back at Four Peaks! I loved this place when i lived in Tempe. I was there at least once a week, and i always go when i visit. All their food is excellent including their desserts. The spinach and artichoke dip and the fish and chips are super good. The peach beer which is seasonal is amazing and refreshing. The patio is one of the nicest places to sit, so chill.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2006,6/2/2007,149,274,5,3,4>A favorite spot for lunch on weekends?!?!?! God.  I hate you guys. This restaurant makes me want to move to Tempe!!!!!!!!  Does not compare to ONE, not even ONE sandwich place I can think of in the east bay.  I got the Pecan chicken salad sandwich and Billy got the steak sandwich, hands down, best sandwich this side of the fucking mississippi.  All outdoor seating, so be forewarned, if the weather is not good, you'll have to maybe escape to an air conditioned car somewhere to enjoy your mayo while it's still good.One thing I just can't understand...  We were steered to this place by two peeps at the Fry's down the street after atleast five minutes of head scratch.  Now wait one goshdern second people!!!  How could you even question the all supreme sandiwch gods when it comes to the caliber of this place????  Please.  If I worked at a Fry's nearby, this place would be my fucking fall back plan in a second.  I'll stop now.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,9/3/2014,890,308,9,11,12>I never knew how exceptionally good vegetarian food could be until I had it here.  They truly knocked it out of the park, for me.  One key trait that separates a great restaurant from an average one is whether they are consistent.  And my dining experience here demonstrated that.I've swung by here for lunch and brunch on separate occasions.  During my first time, I took a stab in the dark and went for their Thai Noodles with "Chicken."  Boy, did I order right.  The noodles were perfectly cooked al dente! The "chicken" had great texture and taste.  The veggies were cooked firmly and evenly.  The freshness of all the ingredients made the biggest difference!  The sauce that glazed all over was on point! Everything was balanced nicely.  As for brunch, the fiancee had their "eggs" Benedict and I had the breakfast burrito.  The Benedict was just okay, we thought.  The "ham" that came in it was on the rubbery side.  The burrito was definitely much better.  What stood out from both dishes was the "egg." Although it didn't quite taste like an ordinary egg, it certainly appeared like one given the texture and color.  The tortilla tasted non-gluten while the potatoes and "sausage" were cooked nicely.  I wish I lived closer as I would frequent more often.  I certainly hope they expand.  This is truly a hidden gem in my book.  7th St. & McDowell Rd is not known for being a food area but a trip here is definitely worth it.  Parking can be challenging, so if you can't find one, go into the neighborhoods on the south side and park on the dirt lot (you can't miss it) or by the curb.  It is minutes away from Downtown and the I-10 freeway.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,9/2/2014,242,266,9,11,11>Daisy Mountain coffee roasters opened a new coffee house in the Tramonto marketplace and it is awesome!  It is locally owned and operated by a family that has a passion for coffee.  They use an in-house roaster which master roaster Al, the owner, uses to create different blends of coffee.  They are all great!  They also serve breakfast and lunch with plenty of good eats to choose from.  They also have teas, smoothies and other drink options as well.  It's a great new coffee house especially for the neighborhood area.  I hope to see you there someday soon.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/1/2014,1114,557,11,14,15>I tried the fish tacos and a bean and cheese enchilada style burrito for the kid. The fish was perfectly cooked and tasted good. The extra toppings were fresh as usual. The salsa bar was a perfect complement to the tacos. The burrito was a small football filled with beans and cheese. Topped with enchilada sauce. The sauce seemed a bit salty and the kid said it was gross. I liked it. She ate the insides out and picked the tortilla apart to get the "dry" sections. Staff was awesome as usual. The building was a tad bit warm on the seating side.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,8/31/2014,248,354,8,11,13>This is my new favorite restaurant. This is the perfect date restaurant and the perfect try something new restaurant. While the menu is small, the food is amazing. I have been three times now and tried several thing and they are all better than the previous! My favorite so far is the shrimp boil. The ettouffee is also very good, better than mine! Oysters and shrimp cocktail are also some of the best I have ever had. This is a very small restaurant but worth the wait. I like sitting at the oyster bar and watching them make all the dishes. The red beans and rice are just as good as I had in New Orleans! The only dish I haven't tried is the gumbo and that is up next on the list for me. They let you pick the spiciness of the dishes you order. I get a 4 which is a little hotter than tobasco sauce which is how they explain the levels to you. 3 is tobasco. Service is really good. Prices are very reasonable for seafood and the portions which are huge. I always have some to take home which I just make some rice and have a whole other meal!
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,8/30/2014,848,353,7,12,10>I'm not sure a little locally-owned pizza/pasta place could really get any better. In fact, it was higher than my expectations.See, I just took a cross-country trip with my friend Jimmy. We made a road trip movie. Anyway, almost a month on the road means you eat a lot of pizza. Some of it was passable, but most of it wasn't. We are both originally from the East coast, so we know pizza. We are both from different parts of Upstate NY. We *know* pizza. He had been raving about this place for a few weeks, so we decided to have a business meeting there.It's in a non-descript strip mall in North Phoenix, just like everything else up there. But as soon as you walk in, you realize it's not just a strip mall eatery. The decor is crisp, but warm. There's not a lot of clutter anywhere in this place. The tables are nice, as are the chairs. It just feels cleaner than a pizza joint.We started out with the bruschetta. My mouth is watering, because the leftovers are in a box on my cupboard. It is served as a pizza, cut into slices. It's LOADED with olive oil, fresh garlic, and freshly topped tomatoes. The dough is chewy and crisp, just the way I like it. But what really made the whole thing pop? The salt. It had the right amount of salt. I hate when people don't salt stuff. Salt and olive oil, in fact, is one of my very favorite combinations of all time. There was enough olive oil to sop up on the plate with the crust from the bruschetta. Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm I can't wait to eat the pieces sitting there, waiting for me.We ordered a pepperoni pizza, slightly burnt. It. Was. Perfect. When they brought it out, and I saw that little amount of grease on top, I knew it was going to make me cry. It almost did. It was that good. They use fresh ingredients, including the cheese. It was ooey and gooey and perfect. I even had grease dripping down my hand, which is a sure sign of a real pizza pie!They carry Pepsi products, too. I never drink pop that late in the day (I like sleeping), but I couldn't resist.Dessert was tiramisu, of course. It wasn't heavy like some I've had. It was perfectly spongy.There's a TV behind the bar area, too.You have to go check this place out. The owners are super friendly. They are also very clean. As soon as I took the wrapper off my straw, they came and threw it out. A piece of lettuce on the table was gotten rid of immediately, too. I'm going to go dig into that bruschetta now.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,8/29/2014,458,172,7,12,13>I don't know what I could say that hasn't already been said, but this is one of my 3 go to places for brunch on the weekends.  I totally love it here and the staff always makes you feel so welcome!The drinks alone are fantastic.  (Can I have the NO.2, please!) and they have great deals for brunch on the weekends.  Their Bloody Mary bar is the best with a great variety to mix in (and who really needs to eat after all of those olives!)If you go for brunch, it is a MUST to experience their zucchini bread.  My friends tried mine yesterday, and they ended up stealing the whole thing from me!  HA!  And I also decided not to get the rest of the brunch yesterday and actually get a burger.  I got the Windsor style, and I have to say it was one of the best burgers I ever had!  I was totally impressed!So do yourself a favor, even if you have to travel a bit to get there, and experience the wonderness of the Windsor! :)
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,8/28/2014,227,248,6,7,8>Tried this coffee house for first time this morning en route to work.Love the fact that they do offer a drive-thru (especially during warmer months), and have a friendly staffer waving to traffic every single morning as I speed down 7th Street. 'So, I park in front, and a man opens the door for me and wishes me a good morning and a "thanks for stopping". All eyes on me as I approach the counter *pressure on Erin*. More kudos and positive reinforcement from staffers for ordering an Iced Vanilla Latte and chocolate cream-cheese muffin. Yikes. Payment was a breeze, as they offer e-receipts from their iPad!The tall man behind the counter advised me to taste the drink before deploying to make sure it was "just right". Again, eyeballs on me as I nervously sipped. Thank God it was great! Whew. I smile and praise them for the drink quality.As my way out, more "Good Days" and "Thank you". While I LOVE nice staff members, etc., sometimes TOO much of a good thing is overwhelming. :( I wouldn't have been surprised if multi-colored confetti be tossed at me upon my exit. Doing it right guys, just reel in the customer service a tad.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/27/2014,58,62,8,11,6>Donuts... They are as much as a american past time as baseball, fast cars, apple pie, apple products, and Jordans (seriously, who isn't wearing Jordan something nowadays).  Back to the review at hand.  I came across this new donut shop on the holiest of days, Easter Sunday.  Holy Easter Sunday. Holes in donuts...My how the lord works in mysterious ways!  It was closed when i saw it that night.  So i thought i would check it out this morning.  Now i was a bit skeptical on how good the donuts would be cause on the outside of the building it has "Grand Opening 4/14/14" spray painted in blue on the glass. Would it have killed them to buy some poster board and some markers and make a sign?  But that didn't stop myself, Gandalf, Frodo, Bilbo, Gollum, and the rest of the Fellowship from venturing on into Daily Donut to try their sugary rings of goodness.The place is very clean on the inside and pretty spacious. They have a pretty good selection of donuts and the place smelled fantastic.  I was in there around a little after 8am and there was a bunch of donuts. I only saw 2 people there working.  So if they made all of those donuts that morning, then hats off to them.  The lady at the counter was very nice and attentive to every customer who came in there.  It gave off the vibe to me that this donut shop they opened up was something they have been working towards and now that it's a reality, she appreciates the people who coming in there looking for some fresh donuts to start their day off.  The grand opening special that is going on until April 28th where you can get a dozen donuts for $5.99 was another selling point :)The donuts themselves were very good and moist. I got a few glazed, a couple of cinnamon crunch, classic sprinkles, and chocolate topped with white frosting and nuts.  They are light and fluffy and not as sweet as say a Krispy Kreme.  Which is good. We all know donuts aren't the greatest thing for us to eat if were trying to be health conscious and watch our figures.  But its easier to not feel as guilty when the sweetness doesn't overpower the donut and make you feel like your eating a ring of pure sugar.  Speaking of health.  Donuts is not the only thing they sell there.  They also sell smoothies and Boba as well.  I didn't fully check out the menu so i'm not sure what flavors of smoothies they have.  Or what else they may offer.  It was the donuts that drag me in there and will get me to come in there again.  Is it a place that you would drive cross town to go get donuts from? No.  But if you happen to be close by or in the area.  Then go out of your way a bit and check this place out.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/26/2014,320,428,8,9,9>This might be apocryphal but many in Latin America claim that God didn't rest on the 7th day, he celebrated by creating the empanada. A few visits to Republica Empanada and you will become a true believer to this sentiment.  While the place might have a serious hipster facade the owners behind the scenes are the genuine real article.  It's this type of restaurant that Yelp was made for.  Plan on making a few visits because you'll want to sample everything.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/25/2014,213,316,8,10,5>I'm not a fan of running to write a review of salons until I trust them implicitly. I've been burned before!I, however, choose to throw that caution to the wind and say that this is one of the best salons I've ever been to. I love it. Friendly, friendly people. Access to coffee and drinks from a little cafe next door that they go and get and bring back to you! Lots of great products for sale and really comfy washing station. I love putting my feet up!Now to the real gem of this place: Mylisa. What can you say when you've had so many bad stylists and then you find the best hairstylist ever? Words fail me. But i'll try. She's beautiful, funny, engaging and MAN, can she do hair! I love the way she does my twice-weekly blowouts so much. My hair looks gorgeous for days and days it's done so well! And, she uses the best, most perfect product on my hair. The only way she can leave me is if she takes me with her. I mean, like, she's restraining order good. I can't stay away! I'm finally excited to have someone do my hair the way I love it! Mylisa is the BEST. (go find your own stylist, she's mine)
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,2/9/2009,202,13,14,11,12>Rok is probably one of the dopest joints in phoenix. If your trying to get a girl or guy to make out with you, I  highly suggest going to the down stairs bar and parking near the fire place. The service is awesome, every time I go the bartenders remembers my name, (I love that shit) the music is amazing one minute radiohead the next mgmt, really great stuff. The food is a bit pricey but you get a salad with most meals which is a rare thing these days. So overall Rok is a great spot to impress someone you want to make out with.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2008,2/8/2009,540,167,92,39,26>Let me start this Yelp by saying I've never given the business to a stripper. Are we clear? Ok.I'll tell you why this place gets five stars... Because not one but two of the dancers offered to go home with me. One for $250. She said "If you have $250, we can go somewhere together." And then she licked my ear and showed me her guns. Her shift was over and she was in street clothes, mind you.So guess what happened next? Stripper two (who actually did leave with me - long story) said, "Gross, some skanky girl licked you and her breath was terrible." I was embarrassed, yet psychologically removed from that experience.What happened with Stripper two is a great story but I don't know that I want to share it here. But if you go to this club, one piece of advice (Useful alert!): the less attractive dancers require money to leave with you. The self-possessed hotter ones do not. However, if you get her naked in your bed, do no verify pre-coitus that she is not, in fact, a prostitute, because she will leave and call you names as your front door slams behind her. Or so my buddy tells me. Such trifling arrows of human amusement are not found in this man's quiver of irresponsible behavior.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,2/7/2009,8,9,11,18,16>After reading a few reviews I was really tricked into thinking the portions would be minuscule. Like french-modern-cuisine tiny, but luckily I was wrong. I erred on the side of thinking the portions would be small so I ordered us two starters but we could have just done with one. However, they were both drool-worthy. One was the baguette with creamy garlic, it consisted of  6 slices of bread with a whole garlic cooked until it's spreadable covered in olive oil and spices. Basically you scoop a clove out and spread it on the bread. This was good, like drool-on-you-keyboard-good (DOYKG). We also ordered the Nosh plate,a typical melon, meat, cheese and nuts plate. Everything on that was tasty and both would have been great alone, but I'm glad we tried both.For main courses my gf ordered the mac and cheese with prosciutto and breadcrumbs and liked it. I had Vovo's special which is a rotating special. Last night it was the tamale and tortilla soup. We both liked our dishes and were stuffed. I was a little envious after seeing another couple's dish. They ordered the chicken and waffles. It wasn't your typical soul food style but it looked tasty regardless. We both had wine. Gf had the Rose which she thought was a little dry and I wasn't too fond of either. I had the Tempranillo which I liked but wasn't amazing. That's probably the only gripe, I wish their wine list was deeper.All in all the place was awesome and a great date destination. Romantic lighting and original decor and architecture, good for conversation starters.The crowd was older that I expected, not a negative just an observation, although it was a Thursday and that might change on weekends. The service was nice and the free after dinner snack. Chocolate covered cookie dough was like pastry crack and also (DOYKG).Side note: The prices aren't cheap but they won't break you. Especially if you go to other establishments in the same area. My tab for this meal was $60 which is good I think. Two sides, two glasses of wine, one main course and one small course. Not bad as far as I'm concerned.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2009,2/6/2009,18,69,13,10,8>I didn't come here for the anorexic Asian or the brunette who lacked personality. I didn't come here because they show off their rib cages.. I came here to eat. The place is a gimmick inside a gimmick. They only offer PBR and Miller High Life. Their sodas are in bottles, with the Coke being Mexican glass bottled coke, which as we all know is fuckin' delicious. The menu consists of Single 1/2 lb. burger, Double, Triple, hot dog, french fries or onion rings. The burgers start at $8, going up $2 increments for every towering patty added. Fries or Rings are extra. The god damn burgers are  monstrous. With a double being probably 6" tall. But the Chef in me was a little puzzled at the timing of the food. The cook must of been bending the laws of thermodynamics because I got 1 lb. of cooked ground beef that was hot mind you, in 8 minutes. That tells me that they have the burgers "sandbagged" in the back. (Sandbag is a culinary term for partially cooked and ready to go.)The burger comes dressed with chili, American and Swiss cheese, and tomatoes. I paid $14 for coke, Double Burger and order of fries. Not "too" bad. Tax is included in the prices. I'd come back again, with my Ol' man. The food is guy food and the flagrant arm touches the 19 year old servers dish out is enough to keep my old man breathing another day...
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,2/5/2009,87,142,7,10,9>I am in love! Oohhh, sorry not with you...but with NOCA! I cannot believe I have not been here sooner. I guess you find love when you least expect it. Since dinner here, I have not stopped thinking and fantasizing about this place. I knew it was going to be a great time when the charming guy at the door greeted us. We were seated promptly at a great table in the back.The chardonnay I ordered was one I have never tried, now its my new fav. I tried to make a point to remember the name of it but now I forget..I loved the little spoonful of Gorgonzola cheese mousse with the organic date. It was a tasty tease of what was to come. I had the lobster roll, which was the most divine thing that has crossed these lips in awhile. It was so full of flavor....limey, creamy, lobstery..yum! I could of done with out the fries, but they were as good as a fry can be covered in aioli dip. Usually I don't do dessert, especially on the first visit but one look at the menu and I had to have something! I chose the milk and cookies, which sounded fun. And fun and delish it was! The cookies were almost like cake and I enjoyed dipping them into every last drop of the milkshake. Its the desert that I am definitely still thinking about. The cotton candy that they brought out at the end was a really cute touch I thought. I thought that was the end after 2 rounds of dessert but no...they had to really top it of with the chocolate chip shortbread to bring home! What restaurant does that?! Who doesn't like a tasty treat to bring home? So that basically put me over the edge and I had to proclaim my love. Too bad I'm moving out of state....but maybe it's a good thing because I am sure this love affair would cause my waist line to expand.
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,2/4/2009,236,133,14,18,16>Is it a bar! It's a restaurant! It's Cornish Pasty Company! Dum do de dum.The music is superb. Elvis Costello anyone? Yes please. The beer selection while I didn't partake this trip is A+.The food....yes!I met the lovely Sarah G. here and loudly remarked on her review point of a pasty being "a glorified hot pocket" just as our waitress came by. Oops.English accent? Check.  As stated a brazilian times the chicken tiki masala is tops. They come split in half so Sarah and I traded halves and I also got to try the pilgrim. Definitely amped my excitement for turkey day. both selections were tops.I want to go here and drink and eat like a king one night. Sarah changed her tune and decided it was definitely better than her last trip and even grabbed a few uncooked to feed the family that night. How cool is that?
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,2/1/2009,24,8,12,11,13>Way to go Cards!!! My party consisted of 25 screaming Cardinal fans.( I had made reservations 3 days prior) So, when we walked in our table was readyand our waitress was standing there to take our drink order! Every aspect of our experience was spot on!!! The Nacho's were Da Bomb! We never had to wait for anything! Here is the one downfall... there are T.V.s in the Men's  room but not the woman's... what the hell.... I jokingly complained and the management said for you it will be rectified!  Gallagher's you complete me!! We will be back! And when College football starts again we will be turning this into a "buckeyes" bar!
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2008,1/31/2009,348,195,25,31,25>Have you ever looked at the every day girl that rings your order up at Starbucks, or the semi-cute chick at the bank and wonder what they would look like topless and shaking their money makers on a stage? Is it just me that has that kind of imagination? Anybody? Well, if you have wondered about that, go to Bandaids to find out. I had the opportunity to visit Bandaids and I don't regret that I did. We were allowed in after a quick bag check by a bouncer. Another bouncer was nice enough to get us a few tables front and center stage. The service was good and fairly quick considering the number of people in the bar. Some of the guys are a bit pervy of course...offering to buy drinks or lap dances for you in the slight hope that you might be interested in giving them a private dance. No winners that night! Besides, I was there for some boobage! The women of Bandaids aren't perfect, they don't have fake boobs, they don't have perfect bodies. They are every day women that happen to strip for the dough. I wasn't left panting over any hotties unfortunately, but I was impressed at the bravery of some of the women that got up on the stage and worked it. I felt A LOT better about my body after going to Bandaids and seeing some of the girls there. Will I go to Bandaids again? Yep! It's a chill place and the girls aren't pushy and I didn't feel at all uncomfortable. It would be nice if they improved the bathrooms for the girls, but that's a small detail. Just hover and you'll be fine! I guess you could say I'm a fan of the dive bar and we were treated very well there. Is it a fancy Scottsdale strip club? Nope. It's your friendly neighborhood strip club to grab a beer, see some boobage, and move along.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,1/29/2009,1070,742,3,13,12>I've eaten here many times since it opened years ago.  I loved my first visit so much, I took my Mom and her husband for dinner there a few days later!  His fave meal there is the buffalo meatloaf w/ sautéed mushroom gravy w/ sides of parmesan mashed potatoes and spiced pecan green beans.  LOVE the spiced pecan green beans!!  My Mom and I adore the seafood entrees served here; she especially loves the tempura-battered shrimp w/ tortilla slaw, FANTASTIC mango habañero chutney and huge steak fries.  I regularly order the pecan crusted trout, w/c comes w/ cilantro peach salsa and tortilla slaw.  While the peach salsa is so tasty and the slaw delicious and marvelously crunchy, my  allergies prevent me from enjoying them, so I always ask for substitutions of mango habanero chutney and spiced pecan green beans, the latter being so sinfully good!!  [According to the restaurant's online nutrtitional guide, It's also calorific AND loaded w/ saturated fat, but hey, I don't smoke tobacco or "creative" cigs, nor do drugs, and I rarely drink (yeah, what fun am I to have around, eh?), so I allow myself occasional splurges w/ certain foods!  So you see, my allergies are blessings of sorts...]In the appetizers menu, the lobster spinach queso, coconut shrimp, chicken quesadilla, CRABCAKES, and chicken tortilla soup are all scrumptious!  (Yes, I enjoyed many of these items before I learned that the awful cramps and other seemingly crazy and non-sequential symptoms I'd experience afterwards were caused by food allergies!)Desserts here are also pretty amazing.  Try their seasonal bread puddings!!  I've tried two versions- one w/ white chocolate and another w/ liquors of dark chocolate and bourbon, perhaps?  I also enjoy a few appetizers offered at half-price during happy hour: buffalo wings, sliders w/ french fries, onion rings, and RIBS!  If you like citrus-y beverages, try Firebirds' signature martini, the Double Black Diamond- fresh pineapple steeped in citrus vodka and garnished w/ a pineapple slice!  I did make a phone call about a month ago and found that HH appetizer selections have changed to reflect the seasons, so you may want to call ahead if you're like me and suffer from food allergies...Last, but not least, while table and bar services here can be very spotty, management usually does a fine job w/ follow-ups and corrections.  I also enjoy the ambience here... reminds me of wonderful childhood memories of summers spent in Baguio, the summer capital of Luzon.  Woods, everywhere!  Beams, tables, chairs, floors, restrooms...  There's even a nice fireplace!
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,1/28/2009,197,146,17,18,15>Holy goodness, this was awesome. Tonight I had a dining experience so amazing that I can't even attempt to be hateful, catty and mean about it. BLT Steak is the best restaurant in the Valley, for realz.The Camelback Inn is a beautiful property and BLT Steak fits right in. The dining room and patio directly faces south on Lincoln, giving you a breathtaking view of Camelback Mountain. This served as a great reminder that I will have to hike my fat ass up Echo Canyon about 50 times to work off all the beef I'm about to devour. Inspirational!The bar has attentive service, stiff drinks and serves complimentary olives, nuts and pop corn with some wizardy spices sprinkled on top. Score - because I like to pre-eat before I sit down and eat. (not being sarcastic)  The servers are great - I think we had a separate food server and beverage attendant, which was fancy and efficient - too things that rarely go hand in hand.But the real highlight was the food. I don't even know where to begin. I'll list everything I ate, and describe it, if I can:Bread with pate: The only thing I didn't like, but I'm not a fan of liver. Not their fault.Moving on...Fresh Popovers with euro butter: The second best bread experience of my life, second only to the GIANT BREAD CART at Le Louis XV, Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monaco. (An EPIC journey in dining and a must visit for anyone who lives to eat)Hamachi: The freshest buttery yellow tail that ever lived - or lived than died. Whatever - it was dope.Shrimp Cocktail: Holla! Chopped Salad: This was pretty good - but more like a greek salad hybrid. I'd skip it in favor of the...Buffalo Mozzarella Salad: Jackpot! Cheese so soft it melted. Fresh yellow tomatoes, great dressing etc.Filet: The best filet I've had in Arizona, dethroning Maestros and Donovan's, for sure.Ahi Tuna: Rare, plump, buttery, holy shit.Glazed Carrots: I'm obsessed with carrots, particularly cooked ones, and I don't know why. These carrots were off the hook and I almost ate the whole a la carte bowl.Hash Browns: The fact that the hashies came in huge hunks of hash brown pie was pretty awesome and ridiculousPecan Pie: Dope, and ice-creamyFruit Crepe:I  wasn't a fan - too passion fruity for me. But my dining partners dug it.Random Complimentary Dessert Cookies: A nice surpriseSauces: Holy f-ing crap - they offer all these random sauces like peppercorn sauce, horseradish and a mustard trio. Order them ALL even though they are $3 each. Totally worth it!I really liked this entire experience. I left fat and stuffed and happy - and didn't even feel sick or like I had to RUN - not walk - to the bathroom immediately after. Similar dining experiences at steakhouses make me dash for the loo. I know - gross. But you know it happens to you too.BLT Steak 4E, bitches. Seriously.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,2/21/2009,171,163,23,19,20>One day, my je'e (mother) and I were wandering around Mesa trying to figure out where in the hell we were. The Navi was on the fritz and we were both getting aggrivated. "I'm not trying to get us lost Cheryl Miranda... I'm trying to find somewhere to eat - I'm hungry!" She shouted at me while nearly sideswiping a car off of Stapley - it was our third near accident that day. "Oh... DUDE! Turn Left at Main - there's a place that has popovers!" (For my non-O'odham yelpers, Popovers is my tribe's nickname for frybread; wah-much-tha is the traditional name for it btw) "POPOVERS!! Hell no! If you want frybread, we'll go home and you can make some!""Awww... come on! It's prolly the only place around here anyway!"So we turned into a rather... dank looking strip mall (aren't they all dank looking?) and my mom nearly slammed into a drive thru sign for a small taquillia who specializes in tortas. We pulled up to a small resturant that was BRIGHTLY painted with Apache Crowndancer and large promises of Apache burgers & Navajo Lamb. When we entered we found a large airy room with a small dining room. Tables and booths to line the windows. There was a cute lil White couple dining on large tacos and huge sodas and a counter where employees took the order. We grabbed a couple of menus and then sat at a booth and looked things over."oh my gosh! haha! the ONLY difference between an Apache burger and a Navajo burger is that an Apache burger has two patties!" I giggled to my mom."Well... Navajos are really skinny." Score one for mom!"the ONLY difference between an Apache taco and a Navajo taco is that one has crushed (think refried) beans and the other doesn't." "oh what in the HELL?!" I exclaimed as I turned the menu and I saw the monstrosity they call a dessert. The "tempting" Indian Dessert... looks - (I'm so sorry to say this) disgusting! I'm sorry! Grandma never EVER put so much on a frybread! It comes with a full sized frybread topped with a HUGE scoop of vanilla ice cream topped with chocolate syrup, powdered sugar & cinnamon. It's too much! frybread has such an amazing texture and delicate flavor... it's best when hot and to dump so much STUFF on it and let it get melty and gloopy is - gross. My advice is to stick with the basics and get a LIGHT dusting of sugar OR honey. We were both a little grossed out at the thought of the 'indian dessert' and decided to finally order. I had the red chili taco with whole beans (which cost extra). Normally - at frybread stands, it's called a red chili combo but not here. The madre got a whole bean taco (navajo taco). We started to talk with the employees for a second and it turns out they are pretty friendly. We got our drinks and sat back down. I began to really get a scope of the room. Photographs of Apache Sunrise Ceremonies where plastered on the walls as well as cradleboards and small Navajo rugs. I thought it was cute and I'm glad all the art was authentic. Within a few minutes, an employee came out from the kitchen and brought us our food.The bread was normal sized (umm... I guess large to non-natives?) it had a great texture and was very fresh. I liked the redchili's flavor but was disappointed it wasn't very hot. Their hot sauce was good and I put it on EVERYTHING! My mom liked her taco as well but wished there was more salt. She in turn - then sprinkled half the shaker on our table onto her taco. We wound up ordering another couple of breads one with honey and the other with sugar and enjoyed our light dessert. Overall the food was good. I'm glad the service was quick and friendly and I'm even more grateful that the chili sauces were fresh and flavorful. The bread itself was crisp and light and yet still hearty. It takes a lot of years to develop such technique - I was quite impressed with it.the prices on the other hand... compared to on-reservation stands are astronomical but when compared to powwows and the state fair they are still a little high but when compared to other resturants - they are actually cheap. lol... odd I know. The entree`s are about $7 at the resturant but NOTHING will EVER make me to pay over $3 for ONE single tortilla! That is outrage! it should be $3 for a half dozen, but not for one thick tortilla! To my yelpers, These are real Natives. They are cooking traditional recipes handed down from generations. The bread is good. The dining area isn't anything to write home about. The prices are both decent and highway robbery at the same time.  The cooking facilities and the dining area appear very clean. The burgers and mutton appear to freshly grilled. If you're in the area - give it a try. But do NOT order that damned dessert! I don't wanna hear about one of ya'll slipping into a diabetic coma from eating it.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,2/20/2009,174,98,9,10,11>I like Maizie's.  Well, I've been 3 times in the last week so I guess I should say I like Maizie's a lot.I went for this first time a week ago with the fabulous Dottsy Z for a little much needed Happy Hour after work, and it was pretty packed.  Dottsy was kind enough to secure seats for us at the bar while I fought the wonderful PHX rush hour traffic.  They had $3 off all wines by the glass which I must admit was a pretty impressive selection, and they had a decent list of appetizers that all cost $5.We each ordered some wine and decided on the buffalo chicken dip.  HO-LY-CRAP this dip was good!!  I love the taste of buffalo wings but I hardly ever eat them because they're really messy and I invariably cover myself and whatever I'm wearing in them.  And as attractive as looking like a 5 year old is...Anyways, this dip is like the answer to my buffalo chicken prayers.  Came with a huge helping of pita slices and chips and it was delicious!!  Definitely going back for the dip alone!Luckily I don't have to.  Next time I went was Monday evening, and wouldn't you know it?  $3 burger and fries specials EVERY Monday night!  And they were gooood.  That pretty much ensured that I will be there every Monday from here on out until my arteries are so clogged that I have a heart attack and need to have a bypass.If that means I get to keep imbibing at Maizie's, I will take my chances
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2008,2/19/2009,275,351,12,8,7>Home of the nicest women's bathroom (thus best seat in the house) in existence!Seriously.Check it out. Ladies. Go to the bathroom here. You will find wallpaper, a chaise posh lounge, large quality framed reproductions, marble sinks, a place I have actually sat down to business, as well as to regroup. You may think I am nuts for this, but it is totally true. Especially when riding my bike from tempe to mesa, coming in to wash my hands and drink some water from the fountain to refresh. *Hobos Stay Out*Other than that... I totally heart Bookmans. I really respect the manager here (it was her idea for the b-room, gurls!) for the great staff, and well organized selection. Is it a bit disarrayed and full of bizarre (sometimes hideous circa 1997 stationary?) knick-knackery? Yeah. But go to any bookstore and there is always disarray-always piles, things misshelved. You try to shelve some books and fend off customers at the same time in a place as buzzed as this! I mostly go for random browsing (graphic novels, art, pop culture, cookbooks, business, children's books, sociology) for works that may be discontinued, but I really come here for magazines. I love they sell magazines! Magazines are my guilty pleasure b/c they are so expensive! Sure, I can rent some mags from the library, but will they have the Punk Planet issue w/found magazine in it? Hellll no! For most, ranges from 1.50-4.00. I get back issues of Domino, Dwell, Fast Company, Believer, Wired, ReadyMade...and my real guilty pleasure, Real Simple. You cant really beat it for quality airplane reading, plus at those prices you can leave it for someone else to enjoy.Also, Bookmans is really part of the community-they sponsor a lot of events, like RollerDerby, The Loft events in Tucson, Midnite Movie Mamacita, and more...Their booktrading is pretty fair, but if you have some items that are worth more than half of their cover price and they aren't rare, you may be better on-line. Be sure to take your books back to donate them (and tax refund) b/c rarely do they take all of them-and don't hassle or argue w/the booktrader-just not classy.Oh, and I like the hot new used books to check out in the front!If only a good coffee shop could open up inside...
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,2/18/2009,18,35,7,11,10>So Casey's has been reviewed up and down on Yelp. I hope to provide some detailed information to help you get the best experience you can when coming to this neighborhood bar.First off, there are beer specials every day. If a review states that the beer was $3.50 it was either on happy hour or was the beer of the day. Most of the beers on draft are regularly $4-$4.50. They also have a decent selection of bottled beers (and Boddington's in the can).They have a board inside at the end of the main bar that has daily specials, this will usually consist of a higher dollar specialty item and desert along with a lower cost lunch type item. Just ask your server and they will give you the run down.If you are in the mood for a very fast appetizer, the clams or shrimp will arrive in usually less than 5 minutes. Other apps come out as usual 10-15 minutes. Sandwiches and salads run about the same time depending on what needs to be cooked. I personally recommend the Hippy Sandwich with Blackened Chicken.If you are looking for less of a crowd avoid Thursday-Saturday, as said before the bar is very popular and the weekend warriors come out in packs. Tuesday is a great day to come out, the special is Black and Tans but you can get either Bass or Guinness for $3.50 all day/night. A good place to park is the alleyway behind Buffalo Exchange or the parking lot to the east of it. If it's a busy night don't even try to get in the main parking lot.Sunday's a bartender named Tyler works the outside bar and he makes a seriously spicy Bloody Mary. He also loves to high five, don't let him down.Hope this info helps you have a good time at this great neighborhood spot, see you at the bar.
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/17/2009,391,272,10,11,9>Kangaroo!  You heard me.  Last night I tried a Kangaroo burger at Stax.  Um, 5 stars for that alone.  This place is awesome.  I am so glad I finally tired it.  The whole concept is great.  The smell is intoxicating, even in the parking lot.  It's like hamburger utopia.   You mix and match different types of mini burgers, usually two is enough if you order sides.  The exotic meat section blew me away and I just had to try the Kangaroo burger.  I believe the selection changes frequently.  I also got the turkey burger, which I really enjoyed.  The patty had spices and bell pepper mixed in and the pineapple made it extra yummy with a touch of sweetness.  I tried a bite of my dinning partner's buffalo and that was pretty tasty.  The bread on these little guys is top notch too and grilled to be slightly crispy around the edges. The mini burgers were hefty.  Honestly, they really weren't that mini, I only got through one and a half.  There were some other big hits with me.  The sweet potato fries rocked.  YOU MUST GET THEM.  Okay, so Fez still has the best, but these are my second favorite.  I also love the cucumber water, so much better than lemon.  I hate that sour crap in my water, but the cucumber is so refreshing.  The only thing I didn't care for was the Mac n' Jack.  It wasn't bad, just not my style.  Too spicy and not creamy enough for me, it wasn't worth the calories.  The service was great too, my waitress was extremely sweet and helpful since this was my first visit.  I can't wait to go back. The decor/atmosphere rocked, the food rocked, the selection rocked, and of course- I rock.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,2/16/2009,109,425,7,12,11>So it may be a hotel restaurant, in a convention hotel, downtown... but this place is for real. The atmosphere is decidedly W, or painfully Scottsdale. It's got the color scheme of Sushi Roku, the vibe of a big city restaurant, and food for gods. It is connected through the lobby of the hotel, but also has it's own entrance, something the other hotel restaurants in the area cannot say. District is also privately owned, so you won't fall victim to any Sheraton miscues in the restaurant here, just thier own which I have to say there aren't many so far. The restaurant is dark and mysterious in the lounge area, and completely open in the dining room, which makes for a great social atmosphere all around. They also feature local artists with the wall art changing monthly, and it's for sale too! I'm glad someone had the foresight to do that, rather than buy some mass produced crap from Malaisa. There is a private boardroom style dining room in the back, with two large semi private dining rooms, and another large dining table overlooking the restaurant, so large parties would be great in this space. I'm thinking the large table in the dining room is the best as you are almost on a king's throne above everyone.The food follows the same cues as the atmosphere. It's familiar, but fun and exciting... they call it "American Comfort" and thats exactly what it is. The menu features Shrimp Po' Boy Sliders, Mussels which come in a ginormous bowl with an incredible sauce, Short Rib w/chipotle grits, salmon, steak, and other familiar dishes with a little local taste. Our table enjoyed everything including the Organic Berkshire Pork with Memphis BBQ sauce, Mac & Cheese, and Applesauce. Also on the table were the Mussels, and the Caesar Salad which might have been the only dissapointment. I ordered the Short Rib, and we all agreed it was one of the best we had ever tasted. They even made Grits delicous. It's obvious that quality has been taken into account as all of the vegetables and meats are locally produced and purchased from small farms. Queen Creek, The Farm at South Mountain, and Schreiner's are just some names that come to mind. The chef was kind enough to come out and introduce himself about mid-meal and I asked him where he came from, the answer pretty much explained the entire evening to me. He is the former Executive Chef of the late Mary Elaine's, Mr. Belosic, and he explained he was just having fun doing something people would be familiar with. There was a dish on the menu that literally everyone would be familiar with, from Fried Chicken or Cod, to a Ribeye. The drink list is pretty standard on the wine side, but the beer list is much more unique, featuring almost solely microbrews from New Belgium, Oak Creek, and Widmer. There is even an organic beer on the list. Though I wasn't drinking last night, I thought $3.75 was enticing enough for a microbrew that I'd go back another day to enjoy.Perhaps the highlight of the night for me was when the bill came, not because I wanted to pay, but because like other restaurants they bring a little something with the tab. Most places do the apropos mints, chocolates, etc. Not District, nope, this place brings you a big cotton candy on a stick, a la the state fair from when I was a kid. How cool is that? The bill came out to about $60 w/o drinks for 3 people, which honestly we felt was very fair, almost as though it were an underpriced Mary Elaine's meal. My only, and I mean ONLY gripe with the restaurant is more with the narrow visioned architects who designed the space. The patio has about a 3.5' cement wall, which is just high enough to make the diner feel disconnected from the street. It would have been really nice to do something glass, or steel, to engage the street and encourage people watching... plus it would feel much less confined, but oh well. I'll go back again, and probably again after that, especially now that I've learned they feature live music Thursday through Saturday. Keep on Keepin' on District, and heres to hoping you open the floodgates of trendy, chic, urban hotspots in Downtown Phoenix.
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,2/15/2009,742,648,4,13,12>Ate at Blanco last night.. very corporate and super accommodating.. we had a wonderful time which even surprised me.. stuck to the basics and thought it was the best of the Fox restaurants. Seeing that we've never had a good experience until last night says a lot. Was kind of cool seeing Sam Fox there actually quality controlling everything that was coming out of the kitchen.. though you know he was just annoying everyone, LOL!Had the short rib cheese crisp and you know what, it was actually crispy and good. Then tried the queso fundido con chorizo.. pretty darn tasty.. the cheese was slightly burnt on the bottom which I just love, wrapped in a warm flour tortilla, oh yeah! For dinner I ordered the machaca burrito.. is there such a thing as to much meat? I swear it was a whole beef roast wrapped in a tortilla.. the Mr had the green pork enchiladas.. I though those were very tasty but the sides were even tastier.. their rice is like risotto, very creamy! Helen Y was with us and she ordered the shrimp and crab civiche which I thought was extremely tasty though I would have loved it even more if it were on a toasted baguette! More like a shrimp and crab salad than a civiche though that's just me.. We ended with the tres leches cake.. this was a pretty dismal attempt at tres leches.. was so dense, chewy and sickening sweet. It was so sweet in fact it burnt my throat, pretty gross!What a great time! Blanco certainly has a fun open atmosphere and a fabulous patio with VERY comfortable seating out there.. you can order dinner up there instead of eating in the dining room which is very cool! Also, the staff was friendly and VERY attractive.. I think for me, this is the best of what Fox Concepts has to offer so far. Definite mass appeal.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2008,2/14/2009,152,9,13,14,11>I decided to try The Orange Table after finding out about the Scottsdale cafe in The Phoenix New Times "Best Of" issue. It was featured as the best neighborhood coffee shop in Scottsdale, and I decided to investigate that claim. My boyfriend and I went there for a late breakfast one Saturday morning. After a grueling search for the restaurant in Old Scottsdale, we finally found it deep into the bowels of Scottsdale Mall. Was our victorious search rewarded with a pleasant and friendly greeting from the restaurant's host? No. Were we at least greeted promptly and with an ounce of civility? Nope and nope. We stood at the entrance being ignored until we dared to ask one of the servers standing behind the register if we were to seat ourselves to which he replied something along the lines of "No, I'll seat you when I'm done awkwardly ignoring you." To all hip Phoenix-area restaurants: please stop this stupid no-host bullshit. Have someone ready to receive customers so they don't have to flag down someone to learn the rules. Eventually, Put Upon sat us and, thankfully, was not our server.  That honor went to one of the other pissed-off, unfriendly hipsters manning the joint. Thankfully, the food, for the most part, was much better than the service. I settled on some jungle pancakes, while my boyfriend went for some sort of Greek omelet. The Orange Table features an ambitious menu of inventive breakfast items and generously sized sandwiches that made for some tough choices. Although the prices are somewhat high, the entrees came in sumptuous portions. The only complaint I had about the meal itself was that, in this coffee shop, the brewed coffee we were served was lukewarm. Overall, The Orange Table has many things going for it, including an extensive, carefully crafted menu. However, from my experience there and the collective experiences of fellow Yelpers who dared to get there at the "wrong time," the service leaves much to be desired. I don't entirely blame the hipster help, as it appears that they aren't given the support they need. Someone needs to put the same care into the serving process as they did into the restaurant's ambiance and repertoire. Until then, I'll stick with restaurants that want and can handle my business.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2009,2/13/2009,300,261,10,13,13>I LOVE it!! They've got a great vibe going on, a fabulous menu for a coffee shack, drive thru and a wrap around patio! Thank You Kyle and Chad for outstanding service and D'lish Drinks and food. I had a couple of their Berry Green Teas.....YUM... so refreshing! A breakfast sandwich wich was egg, bacon, avocado, tomato and pesto on a bialy. Mmmm! A Chai Latte Oh WOW that's tasty too and a sample of their Breakfast Buzz shake....let me tell you I was dreaming about it last night, unfortunately D'lish is a little out of the way to make my dream come true this morning, but, I promise to not be a stranger.
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,2/12/2009,121,311,11,18,18>I live about a five minute walk from Drip.  I was a bit perturbed by the hours, as they close before I get home on a weekday.  I had planned to make it my working coffee shop on the weekends, and I finally was able to swing by for a few hours the other day.  The spot is great- the chairs are not overly comfortable so you will actually get work done (couches in coffee shops make me sleepy) and there are ample plugs for your laptop.  It was busy this afternoon, most tables had at least one patron working diligently on their laptop and the service was super friendly.I was a bit confused by whether I stayed at my table or went up to the bar to order- I guess, either one works.  I ordered up a raspberry french soda and a grilled cheese.  Both delicious little treats, ringing up to about eight bucks.  I was checked on often and felt like the service was right on spot.Drip is a cool spot to grab some lunch, and a beverage while getting some work done.  And, hey, the hours are a bit tight, but maybe this will lead to less procrastination and getting work done at an earlier hour.  I'm glad Drip is in my neighborhood.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,7/14/2007,99,227,2,12,8>One senses a unique bend of lighthearted swank and artsy irreverence when entering Cowboy Ciao. The mixture of these two elements is a dicey proposition that's fraught with peril, but management has successfully done it...and  created an ambiance that mixes soft and hip music, subdued and sultry lighting, and break-the-rules decor while still coming off as elegant funk rather than young punk angst.Myself and my sidekick got here during prime time on a Friday night when the estimated table-wait was hovering right around the 40 minute mark.  Rather than hole-up for a table, we opted for zero-wait seating at the bar.  The waiters were great....both informative and talkative folks that made you feel comfortable with a genuinely friendly air about them that eschewed excessive fawning in favor of a down-home demeanor laced with neighborly charm.Grub-wise, everything we had was fantastic.  We started out with a Ciabatta appetizer served with both green and kalamata olive puree.  Next up, the famous "Chopped Stetson Salad", an indescribably unique and wonderful taste that's often known to upstage the main course.  They bring it to you with six different ingredients set in rows and explain what each ingredient is. Next, their server mixes it up in front of you with a special dressing.  It's savory taste and simple recipe has presented experienced cooks with something of an inexplicable magic trick.  From what I gather, many have tried to duplicate the taste, texture, and nuances of this deceptively simple dish, and lack of success has created vexing puzzle that's become the local culinary equivalent of Fermat's Enigma or the Four Color Problem. My date opted for Pistachio-crusted salmon.  I went light and ordered the Exotic Mushroom Pan Fry.  Both dishes were fantastic.  Icing on the cake came in the form of my favorite beer on the planet....Anchor Steam on tap.  My only gripe?  My dish should have come with bread to soak up the excess Mushroom sauce.  We asked if we could get some, and the only option provided was to order another ciabatta appetizer.  C'mon people...bread is cheap!  My date and her raging sweet tooth opted for desert....I had another beer.  She satiated her sugary cravings with something called a "zinger" that looked like raspberry infused cheesecake, and sang it's praises while relishing every morsel of it.Welcoming ambiance and staff.  Great menu and fantastic, creative dishes.  There's no TV visible anywhere, but the staff will update you on the D-backs or Suns games if you ask. Downtown Scottsdale is chock-full of incredible shops, and the surrounding area makes for a nice post-meal stroll. All in all, it's a truly unique dining experience that's taken the artistic ethos of it's surrounding area and successfully applied it to Southwestern Cuisine.  If you're in the area and looking to chow down in a manner that'll give you something to tell the folks back home about,  then by all means stop by, sit down, and check it out.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,7/13/2007,59,119,,7,5>For those who have been to the Gelato Spot, I have to say that Arlecchino which I discovered before the New Times article and is easy to locate but difficult to stop by (thanks to LGO's popularity) has to be the best gelato I have ever tasted. The owner's passion for his product can definitely be tasted and is amazing. He uses fresh fruits is originally from Italy (and you can only help but notice). What I really enjoy about going there is the passion and pride you can see in the owner's work. If only parking was easier it would be an even bigger hit.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2007,7/12/2007,84,215,,5,4>I can't believe I had to add this business! I love this place it is so fun, and reminds me of when I was little and pb&j was 75% of what I ate!PB Loco is a fun little cafe dedicated completely to peanut butter! My favorite thing about PB loco is their different flavors like white chocolate raspberry peanut butter. I don't even really like peanut butter, but that flavor made me change my mind. PB loco offers peanut butter in any way you like to eat it. I had a light snack of celery with the white chocolate raspberry peanut butter, while my friend had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich with marshmallow fluff and bananas and a peanut butter shake. This is an awesome place to bring kids or bring out the inner child in you. If you are ever walking by, even if you are not hungry, stop by and take a sample of their many flavored peanut butters. If you really like one you can even take home a jar!Crazy Peanut Butters:Dark Chocolate DuoSumatra Cinnamon RaisinJungle Bananaand many more
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,7/11/2007,42,78,3,3,4>Ugh I have a massive headache due to staying out till 1am last night and not going to bed till 3am and I have a date pending tonight.  On top of that it's Friday and all I can think about is the fact that I have FIVE days off for the July 4th holiday...WOO HOO!!!!  And then I started thinking about the 90 min massage I have scheduled for Monday afternoon, which then prompted me to think about some great massages I've had and I thought immediately of the spa at Hyatt Gainey Ranch.  It's been a tradition for I don't know how long that 2 of my girl friends and I go to a spa on Christmas Eve to celebrate my friend, Christine's birthday, which is actually on Christmas Eve.  Then we go to our favorite restaurant in Scottsdale, Bloom, afterwards.  First we started out going to a day spa that changed ownership and names, but then decided to upgrade to the full-on resort experience.  We've been going to Gainey for probably the past 3 years and we love it.  They remodeled not long ago and the place is very beautiful.  I didn't see it prior to the remodel, but it is one of my favorite spas by far and I've been to one at an expensive boutique hotel in Barcelona that didn't even compare.My friends and I always go early to enjoy the pool and jacuzzi.  You gotta love being able to wear a bikini in December!  The pool and jacuzzi don't have any chlorine.  They are all mineral water pools/jacuzzis.  And like all expensive resorts, you get a robe and slippers and can have your choice of lemon or fruit infused water to sip on.  The waiting room where they call you for your appointment is very relaxing and comfortable and have lounge chairs/chaises for you to lay on while you wait.  Every room comes equipped with an iPod and Bose system so that when you walk in there is a card listing different playlists that you can choose from for your massage.  I always get the hot stone massage and I have yet to be disappointed with any masseuse I've had.  Of course, I only choose females to massage me and so does my friend Britt.  I'm sorry, but there is no way a man I don't know is going to massage me, especially when I like to go naked for my massages.  The reason why I gave this 4 stars is because Christine once went during the summer for a massage and had a male masseuse who completely molested her here.  We laugh about it, but it was seriously not right.  He had a total hard-on and kept pressing it into her and he kept grazing her hoo-ha during the massage.  WHY she never reported the guy I do not know!  BUT SERIOUSLY DO NOT let that deter you.  I've never had an experience like that here or anywhere else.  Just stick with a female masseuse. =)Moving on...I am always SO relaxed by the time I leave here that it doesn't even register that I still have to drive 2 hours to get to Tucson to spend Christmas with my family.  It definitely preps me!  And as if the massage wasn't pure bliss, the swedish shower is also heavenly.  There's only one, but it's the only shower I use.  It's huge and sprays at you from every direction.  They've got shampoo, conditioner and shower gel all ready in the showers for you to use, unless you're like me and like to bring your own shampoo/conditioner.  Hey!  I spend nearly $200 on my hair every time I go so I will only use the best products.  I highly recommend this spa over many I've tried in Scottsdale.  The Phoenician is also very good, but it's not as nice as Gainey. It's going to be just as pricey for any other resort massage, which means at least $125 for a 50 minute massage, not including tip, but the amenities are superb!  It's definitely the best way to spend my Christmas Eve and my friend's birthday!
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,7/10/2007,4,5,2,4,4>Asia de Cuba is an experience that must be had. Yes, its pretentious but thats all part of the experience. The food is phenomenal and definitely arrive hungry, the servings are large and try your hardest to save room for the coconut cake.  The portion size is almost embrassing when it arrives at you table, and damn its good.  The space is beautiful, the food is beautful and so are the people...even if their not, everyone still looks good, but that may have been the three mojitios that I had?
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,7/8/2007,52,115,3,2,3>I'm glad I didn't review this last night after an amazing wine tasting hosted by the Chandler Wine Enthusiast group (although it might have been more entertaining).The food was excellent and I have to say the staff wasn't the most educated on wine BUT they were so helpful, and truly friendly. The wine list looked like it mainly focused on French wines, but there were a few California stuck in there too. Fun lesson learned: French wine is made to go with food. You won't find many people drinking it as a standalone beverage. The flavors really come out when you compliment it with food. Neat huh?
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2007,7/7/2007,143,222,,7,5>At last, a sushi bar that isn't a hot spot, and isn't completely devoid of atmosphere. It is the perfect balance -- clean, but comfortable, sophisticated, yet friendly. What's more, the food is EXCELLENT.I have been there three times so far, and I have yet to find complaint with the food. The sushi is fresh and fantastic. Hana orders whole fish, straight from the coast. The ahi I had was glossy and ruby red; the flavor delicate. It had the perfect texture, with just enough "give," so that one does not struggle with biting it, and not so soft that it lacks substance. It was also a generous portion, draped over a small, but flavorful rice ball.Their tempura has lovely and light batter, and it enrobes fresh, crisp veggies, and sweet, tender shrimp. The miso soup is also good, and they don't hold back on the goodies. For once, I found that tofu can have flavor!When I ordered the bento, it was filled with all sorts of treats! Some I could not even identify. I am embarrassed to say, I was well and truly stuffed, when I finished eating it all. Surprisingly, the prices are very reasonable! Nigiri goes for about $3-$5, maki about $5-$10, noodle dishes $80-$10, and entrees $12-$15. I have only been during lunch time, so I don't know if these change for dinner.That all said, since it is brand-spanking new, and its staff is still learning the ropes, Hana struggles a bit with service. Sometimes entrees come out poorly-timed. Sometimes you have to wait for your dishes to be cleared. You might get a bit thirsty, waiting for your refill.But it is worth it. It is so worth it. Check it out!
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2007,7/6/2007,0,2,3,3,2>Cibo is the average person's answer to Pizzeria Bianco.  I've rarely had to wait over 10 minutes to get a table.  Patio seating is quaint, romantic and perfect for a private date or a larger group.Cibo has mainly salads, pizzas, and desserts.  Try the margarita pizza for a taste of a pure italian wood fired pizza.  Each serves 1-2 people.Local favorite.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2007,7/4/2007,163,911,,5,>It seems kind of funny to me that both in Seattle and Phoenix, you have to wait in line for half an hour for good Mexican food.  In any case, I we lucked out and hit the Barrio on a Friday morning around 11.  It was busy, but no problems landing a table.I grabbed a peach margarita and would have to say it was not only worth the $7, it would have been worth $17.  For lunch, the carne asada and pork tacos were both outstanding.  Also a nice surprise was the fries with super tangy chipotle sauce.  A little busy, a little pricey, but I don't think you'll mind either once you get a taste of the menu here.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/24/2007,7/3/2007,61,428,3,4,3>The only thing I was raving about after this meal was the dessert (The hot chocolate cake).  It was lick the plate yummy.  I'm sorry I didn't save more room for it.The rest of the meal was good, but if I am going to pay that much, I want to be able to give the meal more than three stars.  I had the tuna and my boyfriend had the filet.  We both ordered coconut rice with our meals and what came looked more like rice pilaf and the waitress SWORE it was the coconut rice.  I'm not one to get into in debate over rice, but that was some funky coconut rice.  The landscaping and setting was beautiful.  The tiki torches on the lake were a nice touch and the lake had enough ducks to create their own colony.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,10/6/2011,690,342,11,19,15>After my third trip to Tien Wong, I thought it was time to write the raving review it so obviously deserves, even despite the fact that they do not serve alcohol!Hot Pot is basically fondue with a soup broth instead of cheese. It is an absolutely amazing concept and is a great group or date event. It is a blast to go through and pick different veggies and tofu (they have meat and fish as well) and try new things you never would have tried under normal circumstances.I have really grown to love the greens, Tang O, taro root, the five spice tofu, and the iced tofu. They have probably 5-6 kinds of mushrooms, bock choy, spinach, four or five types of noodles, dumplings, and somehow like 4-5 different types of tofu! It is amazing! You also get a peanut and a soy dipping sauce, but I think the flavor of the vegetables drenched in miso is amazing without any sauce!I saw someone complain about the price here on Yelp, but we had dinner last night for 4 with a hot tea and a dessert for $50.00 total. We had 4 different dishes of tofu and 7 different kinds of vegetables in our huge pot of miso broth so that we could try our a variety. Every single one of us was stuffed and remained full throughout the rest of the night. I think it is a great value. People who don't normally eat vegetables or Asian enjoy the fun experience, and enjoy being able to try something they normally wouldn't. Also a great place to take a group of people so that you can all try something a little different.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,10/5/2011,650,610,7,7,7>This Gelato Spot is great, not only do they have gelato, but they have food.  Yes, full menu of salads, paninis and pizzas.  I have had a few salads so far.  They were very good.  I can't wait until I am having carbs again so I can try their pizza.  The smells from the wood fire oven were amazing.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,10/4/2011,19,71,8,8,8>Please, "banh mi with lots of thit" ----just checking your sense of humor, if you don't get it... well.... that's too bad....one of the greatest one liner I will ever use.Grilled pork, baguettes, Lee's coffee - my usual pattern when ordering.  I occasionally throw in whatever selections that is good they have on display.    I highly reccommend  those three items.Very clean and big location., the biggest I have ever seen.  A lot of chairs and tables set up, there's even chairs and tables outside for the smokers--- nothing like a sandwhich , a cup of Lee's coffee and some proteins for your lungs. yummmm  If ever I feel like my gas tank need to be emptied then I drive to Lee's Sandwhiches.  East siders- be grateful for this sandwhich shop!  4 stars for the food and the cleanliness of the restaurant.Please don't expect good service here,  I have not experienced it.
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,10/3/2011,509,228,11,11,10>If you don't find this bar entertaining on some level, then you should probably go to The Mint. This is like the wet dream of a college boy's favorite dive bar...strong drinks, 40oz beer bottles, beer pong, booze wheel, jello shots, swinging seats, hot-mess stripper pole, and oh yeah a midget bar.  If you have friends in town that enjoy ridiculousness, this is probably a landmark they must witness.  Enough said, I think that sums it up!
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2010,10/2/2011,193,63,7,7,7>For some reason I had missed out on the rusty trombone...errrr...spur while I lived in old town.  What a shame.  I went last night for the first time and wished that it was in midtown so I could drink there regularly.  Salty bartender who sings from behind the bar and sassy guitarist/singer up on the stage were both great.  The pour was strong and reasonably priced.  I think if I got too drunk I would be pretty tempted to start pulling dollars off the wall and tipping with them.  The place is pretty small though but It kind of lends itself to making new friends and getting a loud and rowdy.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,10/1/2011,279,329,5,8,8>Yes! Yes! YES! I love it when restaurants "get it" and present to you their very best offering in EVERYTHING: service, ingredients, flavor, presentation, decor.... Christopher's is a top-notch dining experience. Not in a snooty, fancy-shmancy sort of way, but just in a confident, "we-got-you-covered" sort of way. I dig it.I've been to Christopher's for Happy Hour before, and it is a great one. I've also been here for lunch too, and you cannot go wrong either way. The Maine Sea Scallops are expertly prepared. Lightly seared, and melt-in-your-mouth savory. I've also at other times sampled the Mac & Cheese (decadent & delicious), the Burger (filling & fantastic), and the pizza (tempting & tasty).They have a great selection of wines (and great prices on them during Happy Hour). The service has always been first rate at Christopher's. And the atmosphere is comfortable chic. I haven't been to Crush yet; so I can't speak on that side. But the Christopher's side is definitely a must-try for any Yelper out there.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,9/30/2011,53,163,9,11,8>Alright, let's move beyond the whole best-pizza-in-the-country conversational paradigm for just a ding-dang minute, folks.This restaurant has created a wonderful way to enjoy your meal, something that is truly (and sadly) unique in Phoenix.  The long wait becomes an opportunity to relax - to slow down, and sip wine in a charming cottage, on a grass lawn, surrounded by historic brick houses, in the shadow of the modernist science center.The wine and beer list is well-curated, the staff is attentive, and the carefree pace continues throughout the night.  Once seated, you are served in an environment that is casual but respectful.  Last time I went, the couple at the table next to us got their check 15 minutes after we sat down - and they were still there when we left.The food isn't always impeccable - and where else is it, at $12-15 a person?  But the ingredients are always fresh, the dough is delicious even when soggy, and the atmosphere cannot be beat.Honestly, it's something people don't talk about enough.  This is a place that is heralded as (at least one of) the best pizza places in the country, and a schlub like me can afford to take my beautiful wife.  We can both enjoy a glass of wine, a night under the stars, and delicious pizza for under $50.Well done, Pizzeria Bianco.  Well done.If you are coming here with your guard up, daring them to impress you, and aren't willing to slow down and embrace the whole experience, go to Cibo or Parlor or something.  That's not a knock on them, I'm just saying - if you can't take it down a notch, don't be a party pooper.
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,9/29/2011,141,91,6,5,5>I am sorry, but I really like this place. It has become a staple for my friends and I to spend our Monday and Thursday nights at this establishment.  They do treat their patrons as well as they know they can...and I am glad for that. Jason, the bartender. 5 stars. I feel if he ever leaves this place it may lose what makes the Vig so great. Jason is to the VigU as Steve is to Apple. Thats how I look at it.Food:  Burger! Burger! I don't buy food here, because I like to cook my own food, but when I do its on Monday and I have not been able to find such a great burger for such a great price. #they sell out cuz it's such a great value. I do not even want to entertain the idea or repercussions if they ever decide not to offer the Monday burger special deal.Beer: Sleepy dog. Sleeeepy dog on Thursday for 5dolla pitcher...mix a little espresso vodka and it's an unrepudiated fact that you will like it and if you do not, you need to find a doctor because you might be crazy.R\_*********Special thanks to Jason and the Vig for making our final touchdown of the night for my friend's bachelor party a great experience with no flaws and only great memories. LLTVU [LongLiveTheVigUp]
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,9/28/2011,327,204,11,11,16>What a great little spot! I don't often eat Scandinavian food, but that might all change after today. The family that runs Beaver Choice has charmed me with their delicious food and friendly spirits. I can agree with some other reviews and say that the food did take a good amount of time to get served, but Beaver Choice has heard that cry and they are trying to work on it (Also, when I ordered off of the Grab & Go menu, I got my sandwich very quickly). The lady and I ordered a Swedish Meatball Pita and the Chicken Schnitzel Cordon Bleu to share. The food knocked the socks off anything IKEA had to offer in it's cafeteria! The pita was loaded, and I mean loaded with fresh veggies and about three meatballs per half. For a mere $5, that's a steal for a sandwich that doesn't make you feel like you just ate a grease-soaked sponge. Now, make sure you go before 6pm if that sparked you're interest because they switch to the dinner-only menu after that. What about the schnitzel, you ask? Yum! It was basically a flattened cordon bleu covered in a very nice mushroom sauce. Every bite was very tasty, but there is a pork variation that I wish we would have gotten. Apparently the owners put the chicken version on the menu to appease non-pork eating individuals, so the pork is the original for them. Along with the schnitzel there were a few different salads (all of which were fresh loaded with crisp red onion) and a side of pan-fried thyme potatoes. I want to just eat a big bowl of those because they were that good to me. They were simple, light and flavorful.Beaver Choice. Remember that name and go check it out! It was good, but be patient. They are new and they'll get their groove thang going soon enough. Lastly, make sure you write them a review! I know I can't be the only one to be excited about multiple "schnitzel" references in a single review!
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2011,9/27/2011,752,378,6,15,7>Want to visit a local farm and get in touch with your inner farmer? Let me introduce Michael and Lylah Ledner host , owners and producer at the Simple Farm...Give them a call and head out for a visit. The Simple Farm opened its gates to the public the week of Thanksgiving, 2010.  The  farm store was finally ready  and willing  to have  customers experience the beauty of our farm as we grow.For now, Tuesdays from 9:30 am - 6 pm are the only day that they are open to the public.  And, because They are a working farm and the farm is a business and their private home, it's not a good idea to just drop by.  They value sharing the farm experience with others and if you email at thesimplefarm @ gmail dot com, they will  be delighted to schedule a tour for you and your family or group (i.e. girl scouts, school, etc.)  The tour fees is $2 per person.Currently the Simple Farm is a producer of veggies, herbs, flowers and eggs for the North Scottsdale Farmer's Market and their own Tuesday Market.Here is the list for what was growing in December :.Kale - 2 varietiesSwiss Chard - 2 varietiesBeets - (so far) 3 varietiesRadish - French Breakfast and Cherry BelleSalad Mixes - Mesculin, Red Romaine, Romaine (this is up), Lattuga, some gourmet salad mixes as wellCarrots - NantesArugula - moreHerbs: dill, cilantro, French sorrel, French Chervil, Chives, parsley,BroccoliMore gourmet greensSugar snap peasSpinachOnionsGarlicNew seeds and plants are be readied for the coming season . Several local restaurants such as The Herb Box , purchase many of the Tomatoes, herbs and other bounties of the garden.  Fresh Eggs from the farm are a delicious treat.   The farm also house several milking goats and hopefully will sell their milk someday. Be sure to check out coming events at the farm .
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,9/9/2012,437,464,9,17,12>This food is so delicious!My friend recently moved here from the Bronx and he said he already found a place that makes the perfect Puerto Rican food - this place is mmm mmm good.  When I sat down I asked the server what she recommended and she started off by  saying that the pernil had been slow roasted for 14 hours - I didn't have to hear more, that was what I was getting.  She also brought out some plantanos with some oil and garlic, very tasty.  Her suggestion did not disappoint, the pork was so tender and flavorful.  The service was outstanding!  I loved my server, so funny and attentive. I can't wait to go back and try something else.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,9/8/2012,391,272,7,7,4>Love. Love. Love. For starters, I can get a green iced tea the size of my head. They have a drive-thru AND it's a healthy drive-thru. Not to mention they have the best tuna sandwich I've ever had. I probably eat here once a week. It is my dream to one day try everything on the menu. Unfortunately, I can't stop eating that damn tuna sandwich.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,9/7/2012,448,260,6,7,6>I'll echo everyone else here in saying that all of the previous reviews were written before "Jimmychu" started working here and really started impacting the culture and feeling of the place. I hadn't been there back in the day (even though it's a few blocks from my house) because of the negative reviews but decided to take a chance on it when I had been drinking, couldn't drive but decided I wanted to get my nails done (don't judge, OK?). I walked over to Cali Nails at 6:45 (they close at 7), but was greeted with a smile and service right away (by the other Jimmy). It took about 1.25 hours and $50 to get a fantastic gel manicure (from Jimmychu) and a good spa pedicure (from Rose). I was very pleased with the shape of my nails and I like how just because a few were short, he didn't try to trim them all down. It's been almost two weeks, and they're still looking good. Plus, as other reviewers, were mentioned the two Jimmys are just a lot of fun and genuinely seem to enjoy their jobs, which made it really fun to be there. I will definitely be back. Maybe I'll just make it my post-HH habit! :)
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,9/6/2012,730,209,6,14,8>BEST SOUTHERN SOUL FOOD IN AZ!  You got to try this.......It was our first time at Lo-Lo's and lucky enough for us, we got to meet the owner and shake his hand.  I'm not sure how many times I told him how good the food was, but I know it was a lot of times.  He was probably thinking, this corn fed Midwestern white chic keeps telling me how good my grits are and I'm trying to spend time with the family.  The service was very friendly, fun to chat with, and moved fast.This is what we ordered  .........drum roll................ Na-Na's - Two waffles, two eggs, and a good helping of grits.  (I added a chicken breast to go with my waffles to this meal.)Chicken Fried Chicken Dinner with greens, mac n cheese, and corn bread.  Chicken was smothered in sausage gravy.Red Velvet Cake (to go)STUPID Fries (to go)Everything they had was (and looked) homemade, fresh, tasty, creamy, and oh so crispy.  (see photos)Chicken was tender, crisp to perfection, and sultry.  Waffles were flaky and cinnamony.  Grits and the mac n cheese were creamy.  The greens had a major kick of spice to them and were not that spicy at the same time.  Corn bread was soft and crispy.  The cake was buttery yummy goodness.  And the Stupid Fries were, well, so good they will make you cross eyed.Yes, I got a little bit of everything.  I wanted to try it all.  I got the cherry Kool-Aid to wash all this down too.  My bill was $50 for all that food, and it was worth every single penny.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/5/2012,175,392,8,12,9>Yes, yes, they did it again!! Johnny really knows how to put on a restaurant in the city!  Opening night of Sochu House was tonight and, being a humongoid fan of Sens, of course I made a reservation! It was super busy, but that's to be expected on opening night. They had a few issues with the bar being backed up and the POS system in the bar not working but no biggie. That kitchen was crankin out all the dishes on the menu in short order. Like a well oiled machine, they marched my food out to my table and demanded I annihilate it....which I did. We started with the always awesome truffle edamame (need I say more?) and my all time fave, Soup Gyoza. LIttle  pork Gyoza stuffed with pork and injected with this ginger soy broth that I kinda wanna bathe in. We also did the sweet chili wings, bacon wrapped lychee, sugar cane pork and a curry claypot. Everything was on point and delivered to perfection. The bacon wrapped lychee was the surprise hit for me. Now I will say I'd like a few more for the price, but still awesome and I'll get it again....and again...and again.   The wings were great, sweet with a touch of spice and super crispy. The sugar cane pork has also been one of my faves and I'm glad it's on the menu again. The claypot was super good too and for $10, it's a great must-try. All total, our bill was just over $40 and I couldn't be happier (well maybe if Salma Hayek and Jennifer Lopez were fighting over me, that might win..slightly).  Overall, great spot and loving the new location (stumbling distance from my pad). I look forward to many drunk nights at Sochu gobbling down the awesome food that the kitchen has to massacre me with!!!
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2012,9/4/2012,690,342,4,10,7>The first few times I went to Windsor, I didn't love it. There was nothing wrong, it was just... I think this place is a guy hangout. It feels masculine. Not in a sports bar kind of way, but more like a place two friends that are guys regularly go to have a beer that don't want to drink bud light at a dive. Over time, the $5 pitchers of beer before 5pm have won me over. In addition to the great happy hour, they make some pretty spectacular drinks. The Number 17 is so refreshing. Manny is a fabulous bartender. They also have a few vegan food options - a sandwich and a mixed grain salad in addition to some sides. All have been fresh and tasty. I love that during nice weather they can open the place up, and the patio is great. The bathrooms are pretty cool as well. The parking is the real drawback. You either have to valet, which fortunately is complimentary, or try to find a spot on the residential streets that won't end up getting you towed..Overall I give Windsor a 3.5-4.0 stars.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,9/3/2012,133,108,5,12,9>Okay, so I use to live on a reservation in Washington state. The tribe could smoke a mean salmon, but the local frybread joint left me not a big fan. However, thanks to Groupon and other Yelp reviewers, I got a taste for some. I'm glad I did because this place changed my overall opinion. Pros: For being frybread, it was not greasy at all. There is a variety of choices from vegetarian to desserts. Here is what members of our group had - BBQ beef and cheese frybread, two red chile frybread tacos, a side salad, and sweet frybread with honey and powdered sugar. YUM!Cons: The new location is in a rundown area and located next to a liquor store. Plastic utensils just don't cut it here. I ended up tearing my food apart.  Also, nobody acknowledged us when we came in and sat down. We weren't sure if someone would take our order or if we had to go to the counter because we hadn't been there before.  As long as you go in not expecting anything fancy and over the top, you won't be disappointed. It's a family owned restaurant with faithful customers (we were greeted by one when we accidentally went to their old location). All four of us left full and satisfied with our meals.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,9/2/2012,1070,742,9,19,15>03/06/12My first breakfast at Tryst, and I cannot wait to go back!  (Especially since Tryst offers organic and local produce-- just say no to GMOs!)Arrived at 1pm and had only 45 minutes to spare-- good thing I already checked out the menu online and decided what I wanted to try: the Monte Cristo w/ a side of sweet potato tots, and a cup of organic coffee yelp.com/biz_photos/2DmT….  Was seated in Joanna's section- friendly server!  The Monte Cristo- two slices of French toast with ham, melty gruyere cheese, and strawberry jam, sliced into two halves, arrived nine minutes after I ordered it-- fantastic!!  The dish looked beautiful, and the plate hadn't even touched my table for two seconds when I overheard Joanna describe to someone at another table what I had ordered.  It was that striking!Looked so tantalizing, and I loved the sweet and salty combination.  I just wished it was heartier... I worked very hard to eat only one-half of the dish.  Same thing with the sweet potato tots (loved the crunch factor of these!)... It didn't take me long to work my way through half of the dish, and I still wanted more!  The Black and Tan organic coffee (black, no cream) was just OK.  I might try a cappucino next time, if only to check out the coffee art.  ;)I think I'm going to check out the Pineapple upside-down pancakes tomorrow!Note: Tryst offers "Tryst Around the World," and March is "Ireland" (I think last month was France).  Anyhoo, there's Potato leek soup (this sounds interesting!), and the salmon dish caught my eye. Tryst offers $10 off if you make a dinner reservation- something worth noting.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/1/2012,135,778,3,6,5>I decided to give this place a try for Restaurant Week and I am so happy that I did.  The food was fantastic!  Their RW deal included an appetizer, two dishes as well as a side.  I don't know how anyone can complain on here that their portions are too small since that was a huge amount of food and we ended up taking a bunch home.  The website indicated that it was tapas style but really I would call it family style because each dish is large enough to share with one or two other people.  I love eating that way since then I get to try more things without the risk of getting my hand slapped.I started off with the strawberry salad (Angelica's Fresa) which had a ton of flavor and a really tasty sweet/spicy dressing. For our entrees, we shared and so I got to sample the chicken tacos, cochinita pibil, huarache de hongos, shrimp ceviche, seared tuna and carne in adobo.  Everything was so flavorful and well prepared!  I would highly recommend the carne in adobo... this was a thick slow roasted beef brisket that had been rubbed with a Spanish sauce.  The only time I have had adobo sauce is when they marinate chipotle chiles in it so I was expecting this to be spicy but it was not.  Just the adobo, no chipotle flavor.... but it was still incredible. The meat was very tender and the sauce was delicious but not overpowering.  My other favorite was the tuna, which was an excellent piece of fish, very lightly seared and served with chunks of creamy cheese.  So melt-in-your-mouth good! For our sides we got the esquites (corn) and the beans.  Those were good as well but not overly impressive.The sangria was also quite delicious and I love the fact that they have both red and white available.  But the best part of the night was getting to meet Chef Jose Garces.  I watch the Food Network a lot and I have been a fan of his since he beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef. I am told that he spends most of his time at his other restaurants on the East Coast so I guess it was a rare treat to see him here in Scottsdale.  I am so glad he took a chance on the Saguaro (since we all know that hotel has had a rocky history lately) and opened a place here. The food was so good I am sure we will return since I have looked at their full menu online and I can't wait to try some of their other dishes.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/31/2012,177,185,5,5,4>I've been for brunch and I've been for lunch but never for dinner until this past weekend and I'm giving high ratings for consistency and continuous good times. The cinnamon roll is to live for! Share it with a friend or be like me and eat the entire thing yourself- sugar belly!  The cocktails are great too, the bloody mary is savory and comes with all kinds of goodies - can be too spicy for me sometimes but I just pop an antacid and all is good. Dinner this past weekend was just as great.  We were a large party but Francis was a saint and our table was ready on time without any delays.  Our server was also timely and most accommodating by not batting an eye at our request for separate checks. He made it seem like a fairly easy process even after we decided to play musical chairs, which would have burned my biscuits if I was in his shoes, for him, not a problem whatsoever.I decided on the meatball dish and man were those balls meaty and the Moroccan spiced sauce was delicious. The dish comes with three hefty balls, saucy sauce, pearl pasta and I added the hen egg because it was an option at no cost.  I want to try the pork chop next. A friend suggested I do so.Every element about this place is great, the architecture, interior decor (rustically romantic), lighting, valet service and patio. All the elements that imo make for a great dinning experience.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2010,2/14/2011,732,344,15,15,12>When I was a kid I lived in this small neighborhood in the bay area. I used to grab money from my moms purse and then walk up the street and find ways to spend my money. There was a circle K, a hair salon, a video store complete with a beaded curtain section (of which my step brother was a fan. I know this bc I was a snoop), aaaaaand a donut shop. It as an oriental run donut shop and those always seemed to be the best in my experience of eating donuts while living in the bay. they had a mean maple bar. It wasn't overly sweet and had a perfect amount of saltiness and chewy-ness while remaining fluffy and moist. it was a great donut and what I consider a 'bay area style donut'  for no other reason except that i ate this kind of donut while i lived in the bay area. i didn't think anyone else made donuts like this.until I arrived at Bosa. it's run by orientals which is a good sign when it comes to donuts so I tried a maple bar. oh my gosh! the donut brought back all of those memories of tattling on my step brother when I found his naughty movies and regretting my choice to get a perm at the hair salon once while bored. this is a bay area style donut! it's not krispy kreme(which is also a delicious donut) and it's not dunkin (which isn't a delicious donut) it's a different donut class of its own.if you like them chewy and fluffy while a tad sweet and salty go here for your donut pleasure!
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,2/13/2011,390,126,6,8,8>The delicious meats, spreads and other concoctions are worth the trip.  The decor, the lighting, the location, not so much, but I put food over decor 9/10 times.The restaurant that was in this location before left such a bad impression in my mind that I wanted to try this new one quickly. I'm really glad I did.  We went here for a quick bite and wound up having a feast.  Their menu is ambitious, many types of Middle Eastern and Greek influenced preparation styles, each achieved with great success.The menu features everything east Mediterranean from lamb chops to kibbee to grape leaves to kafta.  The prices are a bit high, but when you look at what you get, it really is a good deal.  The owner was happy to beam about the fact that everything is brand new, everything is made in house and under his watch.We had the platter for 2.  Now, I'm cheap and a grad student so $25 is a good chunk for a weekday dinner for me, but man was this a bargin.  1 of each: beef kabob, chicken kabob, chicken kafta, beef kafta, hummus plate, salad.  Huge stack of pita, 2 falafel and 2 beef kibbee.  Everything was excellent.  The kabobs were excellently grilled, the falafel was crispy on the outside, fresh and moist on the inside.  The sauces that came with (garlic, tdaziki and tahini) were all great for everything on the plates.The decor needs a lady's touch and I really hope they spend a little cash in there to fix it up.  The location is prime for selling $5 gyro sandwiches til the cows come home (or at least til the lambs do), but if they want their excellent menu to keep the customers coming back they should fix the lighting and decor.  The old place was like a prison cafeteria, food included.  Out with the old!I'll be going back for a sandwich for sure.  And with the combo for 2 coupon for $22 they gave us, we might be seeing the huge boxes of leftovers in our fridge again soon.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,2/12/2011,174,98,7,9,7>Stop what you're doing right now and get your ass over to Spoken. I don't care that you're at work. 98% of this gorgeous little boutique is 50% off, now MOVE MOVE MOVE!!!Okay, now that we've gotten that out of the way, I'll let you in on a little secret. I have bought every single "special occasion dress" as I like to call them over the last 5 months there. A big first date dress, 2 birthday dresses (yes, I dig an outfit change,) a theater cocktail dress, literally, you name it, Spoken's got it and I've bought it.Spoken has two very kick ass things going for it. For starters, they have clothes for every budget. What I mean by that, is if you want to spend $300-$400 on a dress, you can, and it'll be gorgeous. That said, you can also spend under $100 on a dress and it will be just as gorgeous. **Note, with the sale going on right now, go get your True Religions, your Citizens of Humanity and a million other top tier designers for lower prices than I've ever seen.The other thing that sets Spoken apart from other boutiques I shop at is the store owner Amber. When I say homegirl knows what she's doing, I mean homegirl is on point!! She's fantastic. Let's me roam around the store picking things out myself, but by the time I get into the dressing room, she has an entire additional stack of clothes that she has selected just for me. And guess which stack I end up buying, yup, the one she picked out. She's got an eye for style and body type like I have never seen. Things that hanging on the rack I never in a million years would have grabbed for myself, are now some of my favorite and best-fitting dresses/tops etc. And I'd also like to mention that if it doesn't fit/look right, she'll tell you before you can even get both feet out of the dressing room.All in all Spoken is a GREAT local business run by a knowledgeable and helpful fashionista. Such cute stuff and only a handful of each garment so you don't have to worry about running into 75 people around town all wearing your same outfit, which whatever, call me a snot, I FUCKING HATE!!And yes, you can bet your ass if you see me running around Yelp in Bloom tonight, I will be in yet another of Amber's fabulous hand-picked pieces.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,2/11/2011,398,837,7,9,6>I came here because I was in desperate need of an alcoholic beverage. I was actually trying to find 4 peaks, and ran into this place instead.  I pulled up and noticed that its not like the other places out there.  Colorful, eclectic, with an island kind of feel.  Very open and airy.  There seemed to be a college kid aurora, but I did notice a few adults there drinking as well.Place is colorfully decorated, with great drink prices.  I guess they serve food too, but I didnt eat here.  Great alternative to your typical place.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2010,2/10/2011,172,176,5,9,7>This cafe is 100% vegetarian, with the vegan option available on every menu item.  From past experiences with veggie restaurants in Phoenix, this kind of classification would probably make me less eager to try the place......  which is why I'm happy that the chef/owner instead chose to focus on the fact that they use fresh, local, and organic ingredients -- vegetarianism is more of an afterthought.  So we decided to try it yesterday for lunch.To start, Pomegranate offers a wonderful selection of teas, coffees, and various juice/smoothie options.  I wanted something cool and caffeinated, so I ordered the toddy, which features my favorite local roaster's beans -- Cartel.  My wife order a peach iced tea.  Very good, but if memory serves correctly, you won't find any drink options for less than $2.00 or so.Then onto the main course.  I ordered the veggie burger, which is made from a sprouted tofu, served on a sprouted spelt bun, and garnished with cheddar cheese (or vegan cheese if you prefer), avocado, tomato, and a little tiny dollop of miso mayonnaise.  It also comes with a catch-all selection of sides: salad, tortilla chips, fruit slices, and a pickle.  $10 or so.....Here's my take on the burger:The spelt bun was better than any other spelt bun/bread that I've ever had before.  This was perhaps the second most notable part of this burger.  The most notable was the patty itself, which had a nice mellow nutty flavor -- not trying too hard to be be fake beef and not overpowering in soy flavor.  It was actually one of my favorite veggie burgers ever.  But here's my beef with the preparation: too skimpy on the rich, fatty stuff.  There was a very thin slice of cheese and almost nothing of the single condiment provided, which the menu told me was a miso mayo.  Thanks to the avocado, it was still a little rich, but not the kind of juicy decadence that I've always felt characterizes a great burger.  And seriously, I would have liked to have tasted the miso mayonnaise, but instead added my salad dressing to the burger to make it less dry, and this basically obscured whatever taste the mayo may have offered.The salad was just fine, garnished with what seemed like a raw berry dressing of some sort.  I had no idea that the white stuff in the plastic cup was also for the salad (apparently a living caesar dressing), until the meal was almost over.  I thought it was my mayonnaise for the burger.  Next time, I'll try to get it right and see how the salad tastes with both dressings.We also tried the hummus, mainly because it's the perfect baby-appropriate snack for my son to sling all over the restaurant (the remarkably polite staff was also quite pleasant about bringing in a messy toddler, by the way, which is a plus).  The hummus was actually quite tasty, but somehow not in a "traditional" way.  It seemed a little crisper and fresher than most hummus I've had, which was a nice complement to the fresh veggies served with it.  My only additional request for the hummus is that perhaps the restaurant could throw in a few tortilla chips as well?My wife tried the vegan BLT, made with a tempeh-based bacon.  It must have been tasty, because this is one of the first times I've missed my opportunity to try a bite of her dish.  She literally devoured it and then criticized me for nitpicking at the veggie burger's preparation.  I'm pretty sure she'd give this place a 5-star rating, and she may convince me to do the same on our return visit with the in-laws, who have been looking for a place like this.Oh, one final note.  I spoke with the chef/owner after our meal, to offer our compliments and inquire about the cuisine and the marketplace, etc.  She mentioned something that should be readily apparent to most foodies, which is that the key to providing tasty veggie options is to go with a macrobiotic whole food focus -- this approach de-emphasizes the constraints and instead focuses on building a good meal from quality ingredients.  Well done, chef.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,2/9/2011,164,512,6,13,8>RACLETTE!!!!!  OHHHHHHHH sweet sweet raclette, how I love thee.This place has raclette, and it serves it in the old-school way.  Big wheel o' cheese, stuck on some stakes and melting all over meats, potatoes, and cornichons.  AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!I tried their savory crepes, I tried the dessert crepes, and I can't wait to come back for some chocolate fondue and more raclette.  And maybe some tartiflette.  Holy crap am I happy I discovered this place.***They also have the calories listed next to about a dozen entrees, pretty cool!
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2010,2/8/2011,363,93,9,14,7>I'd say 4.5 stars. I'm definitely a fan but I don't have enough experience with Peruvian cuisine to know if it's as good as it gets. : )I was first introduced to Peruvian food a week ago and have now been to Contigo Peru 3 times. From what I have come to learn, it is a natural fusion cuisine. There are large populations of different ethnic groups (some major ones being Chinese, Japanese and Italian) in Peru and those influences have all spilled over into the food of Peru. From what I understand, the cuisine of Peru is quite varied and the food served at Contigo Peru is primarily that of Lima.The restaurant itself is great. It's clean and casual and the staff is amazingly nice. They were super helpful on every visit. I can't say enough about them. Over the course of our visits, we had:Lomo Saltado - tender loin beef strips stir fried with onions, tomatoes & french fries served with rice. I understand this is a classic dish. I completely loved it. The stir fry is Chinese influence with tastes of soy sauce. It seemed like total comfort food, even bringing back memories of "chips & gravy" for the Oz folk and maybe even brings poutine to mind? It's kind of a carb fest but it's great. Easily accessible and super tasty. Not spicy at all. The kids loved it too. If you're new to Peruvian food, definitely a good place to start.Saltado Contigo Peru - basically the same as loom saltado with shrimp. Also great.Yuca con frita huancaina - slices of deep fried yucca root with a cheese and aji sauce.First of all, aji here refers to peppers. This term is used all over the place. We enjoyed this but I don't know that we get the huancaina sauce yet. We ended up eating the yucca with aji (in this case referring to the spicy sauces/salsas on the table - more on that later). Ceviche de pescado / camarones - ceviche with fish and/or shrimp,  shaved onion, lettuce, yam, corn on the cob & dried corn kernels (called ganchas?). I loved these dishes. Sour and tasty but the thing that stood out most to me was the amazing contrast of textures. Causa - layers of mashed potatoes seasoned with lime juice & aji and a chicken salad layer in between.Kind of a crazy dish. Surprising texture (soft all the way through) but I really liked it. I liked the hint of spice and the taste of lime with the potatoes.Chaufa Contigo Peru - beef, chicken and shrimp fried rice.Enjoyed this well though I didn't really see a great deviation from typical Chinese fried rice.Pescado a lo Macho - fish fillet fried and covered with a spicy seafood sauce containing shrimp, scallops, calamari, mussels. Also some fried yucca slices.This is a great dish. Super tasty with a bit of spice. One of the Heather's favorites.Aji de Gallina - creamy yellow, spicy sauce, made with shredded chicken, ají amarillo (yellow chilis), cheese, milk, bread, and walnuts served with rice.This was another great dish. It's actually not on the menu but I think they have it most Friday, Saturday, Sundays. Heather called it pure comfort food. Loved it, especially the subtle hint of spice. Think this will be a staple order. Anticuchos - skewers of beef heart marinated in Peruvian spices and grilled. Also comes with it's own spiciy sauce.This is another special dish. It's not on the menu and only there on occasion. Since they had it, I had to try it and definitely enjoyed it. Not spicy without the sauce. The kids also liked it quite well.Rotisserie chicken - killer rotisserie chicken.I loved this especially with the aji (spicy sauces) on the table. There were two of these, red & green, with the red being a bit spicier and the green having more of a cilantro flavor. I became a huge fan of these immediately. The first visit, I was using pieces of bread as a vehicle for the sauce. For the 2nd & 3rd visits, we ordered the chicken which just went perfectly with the aji. We also used it quite liberally in many other ways (on the yucca, over the chaufa, etc.).If there were a good Peruvian restaurant close to the house, the rotisserie chicken and aji would be a definite staple. Felt healthyish and so tasty.Chica Morada - Peruvian purple corn drink made with pineapple rind, cinnamon, and clove and then mixed with sugar and lemon.I had this every visit and will probably always do. I actually liked a bit diluted. Light and clean. You can also order it by the pitcher which seems the best deal if you have at least a couple people drinking it.All in all, I'd say we didn't have a bad dish. Looking at the menu, it can seem like french fry overload but with a bit of consideration, it definitely doesn't have to be that.I'm a big fan and will be back often.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,2/6/2011,100,75,34,13,12>I did you a favor.  You can thank me later.  I have completed an official, side by side comparison and can definitively say that Rainbow Donuts beats that other competitor.  You know, just think double D's.  No, not those kind.  It took several hours and 4 donuts (okay, 6...gawd!) to reach this conclusion.  By my very scientific and mathematical calculations, that equals about 1500 calories.  Which is why you should thank me.  While you were out strutting your stuff, I was stuck wearing grannie panties and an elastic waistband.  You probably had sex.  I was pretty sure I would never be able to again.But it was worth it!  Fresh, aromatic and delicious donuts are unbeatable in my book and I can't find anything to complain about here.  The glazed, crème filled, and plain are all delicious and worth the caloric splurge.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,2/5/2011,193,63,16,22,21>This is not a review but a love letter.  There are so many reasons to love centurion I have a hard time knowing where to start, so I guess I will just start at the beginning.  THEY HAVE A LIQUOR LICENSE AND WINE SELECTION WITH A SELECTION OF BEERS AND LIQUORS COMING SOON.We walk up to a small restaurant within walking distance of the Central and Roosevelt Lightrail stop.  There are about 4 or 5 tables on the patio and about 10 tables inside with the tiniest open kitchen you have ever seen.  Seriously, the guy has 4 burners and a brick oven.  Not a whole lot to work with if you're a chef in my opinion.  The restaurant has a good neighborhood kind of feel.  It's not a kitschy overly modern place. Now I'll get to the best part of the restaurant, the food. We started with a Baked Brie with raspberry jam in a phylo pastry.  It was insanely inexpensive as an app that two could share for 7 bucks and the grapes that came with it were seriously some of the tastiest grapes I've ever had.  The Brie was had a nice strong flavor and was extremely tasty.  Next I had the Taglioni with pulled duck, artichoke hearts, and leeks in garlic cream sauce.  The price for entrée was 14 bucks and was an insane for the amount and quality food you get.   The flavors were incredible and here is my one wish for the meal.  I would have loved a nice thick noodle to hold up to the sauce a bit better.  The Taglioni is tasty and does well but I think something like a Pappardelle would have held up a bit better texturally.  The duck was cooked extremely well and was insanely tasty and the sauce was ridiculously good.  When I say ridiculously good, I mean ridiculously good.  I could sit with large bowls of that sauce and some bread and sop it up for a day and a half.  When our server Sean checked up on us I mentioned how I loved him for bringing me some crispy dusk skin with the meal and he comes back with even more.  This is about the point I fell in love with this restaurant.Tiffany B had the Salami and Artichoke Pizza and I cannot describe how tasty it was.  This is my new pizza place hands down.  Forget Cibo, forget Pizzeria Bianco, go to Centurion for pizza.  They make pizza exactly like I like it.  The dough was delicious, not too salty like most doughs, and was airy and fluffy.  The sauce was sweet without being too sweet and all around flavorful.  It is extremely reasonably priced at 13 bucks for the pizza which makes me love the place even more.  At this point we are late for our movie and are so in love with this place that a second bottle of wine and some dessert are in order.  The chef Eric Osbourn comes out and talks to us for a while and lets us know a bit about himself and the restaurant.  His goal is to bring gourmet foods in at an affordable price.  You can tell in talking to him that he serves things that he personally loves and that he loves food.  You don't get the feeling of a menu put together to maximize profit or to impress but to be as tasty as possible.  He is C.I.A. trained primarily as a pastry chef.  Ok seriously?  The rest of the food was so good and his specialty is desserts?  Sign me up.  After we talk to him for a while I tell him bring out whichever desserts we should have and a second bottle of wine.  He selects a sparkling wine for us and tells us he will be bringing out a trio of desserts for us to try.  The first is a freshly baked Marscapone and Strawberry Phylo Pastry with Chocolate and Chili "Soup".  I am not a fan of chocolate but when the pastry was gone and there was chocolate left I started looking around the table for more things to dip in it.  The chilies were not overpowering at all but left a nice hint of spice.  Next we had a lemon sorbet, and a quince grenata with a raspberry puree, and a blueberry puree.  Both were good but the quince grenata with the blueberry puree was delicious beyond words.  Finally we had a chocolate flourless torte with, crème fresh, raspberry puree, and candied wine soaked quince.  The candied quince were sooo good.  I could eat a bowl of them with some crème fresh and be happy but add the chocolate torte and I was even happier.  The entire meal (appetizer, pasta, pizza, 3 full desserts, and 2 bottles of wine) came in at a hundred bucks.  I got fast attentive service, from both Sean, who was an incredibly knowledgeable server, and Eric Osbourn, who is a fantastic chef.  I cannot recommend this place highly enough.   This will absolutely be a regular haunt for me as it is by far the best restaurant value I have found in Phoenix.  The restaurant is open til 2 on the weekends which will also make this a late night post boozin it up spot.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,2/4/2011,752,378,11,14,12>After consulting the Great and Knowledgeable RAND...my plus one  and I went out to Talking Stick for our bimonthly  Mommy -Daddy Date night . This night's excursion was all about Talking Stick. We wanted to see if it was worth having a stay-cation there. First off Low Carb  heaven here folks!!   If I jump back on the Low Carb band wagon again this will be my Mecca.   Prime Rib, big sweet shrimp, lovely oysters ( actually better than we have had at Durant's and Bandeaux..seriously. ) Loads of fresh salad bar faves, like blue cheese , choice olives, mushrooms, bacon , nuts  etc. They also had a cheese / lox/ fresh fruit area that looked super healthy  , I must tell you the Kobe beef was very delicious and I wish I had had that first instead when I was full.  They also had some uninspiring Asian food and a pizza area..not necessary  for me but I guess somebody would like it. Desserts were good ..not stellar , but pretty tasty,  they had some great gelatos, and cute little Brulees, fruit tartlets, good banana and coconut pies ..THE WORST ...surprise, the   Cheesecake, it was sticky, sweet peanutty..what's up with  that!? the had an interesting fruit bread puddingish  dessert that reminded me of desserts I had in Germany...yum.Service was great , drinks were refilled way before they emptied , good service, nice staff.   We will be back ...In my book 25.00 was worth it. Want to make it 5 stars..give me tender Prime Rib and tastier Desserts.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,12/23/2010,185,167,6,7,6>Gabi you are so awesome! G- spot pleasure is exactly what this place exemplifies!Let's start with the basics:1. Creamy deliciousness in every bite!2. Great service!3. Comfortable and relaxing environment!4. Open late!With these and much more, no one can go wrong or get lost in this G-spot experience! I had the chocolate hazel nut, and I can't wait to come back and try what else they have to offer.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2010,12/22/2010,197,332,5,10,11>i finally made out to Joe's farm grill for the first time today.  we both have been eating healthy at home for the last couple of weeks and decided to treat ourselves today! we both ordered the farm burger and the sweet potatoes fries and we shared some onion rings...oh my, these bad boys are crazy unhealthy for you but so good.  this place did live up to the hype and the burgers were both tasty and fresh. give it a try if you are in the mood for gourmet fast food.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,12/21/2010,2083,305,8,8,6>What a great place to catch up with good friends.  Loved the atmosphere, and the food was good too.  Better if you have friends who will show up earlier than you do to get a table.  Best if you have friends who will pick up the whole tab.I recommend the Chilaquiles and the 3 Eggs Steak/Chilli.  My wife doesn't recommend the Corned Beef Hash Plate.  Yeowch!Merry Christmas everyone!
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,12/20/2010,66,21,13,24,17>60 minutes felt like 60 luxurious hours. Nearing the end of the dreadful 2009 year, I desperately needed a massage stimulus package. A retweet from a trusted friend tipped me off that Space Massage Studio had a few openings that very weekend.After one visit, I'm hooked. Whenever I need a midday breather, I'll close my eyes and dream of this recuperative experience.LOCATION: Space is across the street and around the corner from the crosshairs of the LGO phenomenon. Lucky me, I've had a chance to visit several the Valley's multi-million dollar spas, but each one lacks a little soul. However, Space is located inside the humble abode of master massage therapist John Hill. I can only dream of having such prime locale for a home, let alone a business. INTRO: Ring the door bell and John invites you into his home. He's genuinely interested in your day and asks about your lifestyle, physical needs, special requests, habits and personal interests. The causal intro makes you feel relaxed and welcomed like a returning dinner guest. We chatted about life in Arizona, business, busy lifestyles and desperate need to unwind and indulge in a restorative massage.THE STUDIO: After you've enjoyed the B&B-like hospitality, John leads you next door to the massage studio where a serene setting with diffused natural light, warm wood floors, relaxing music and delicately scented candles await. The expert attention to detail is evident as all five senses are instantly relaxed when you step into the studio. Everything is customized.John asks me about my music preference, desired room temperature, lighting... nothing is left to chance. Everything is about my needs. THE MASSAGE:60 minutes felt like 60 hours. Using the consultation, he mapped out a battle plan to conquer my ailments. John zeros in on the problem areas but also hits the unexpected spots that truly alleviate my tension and stress. This is ultra-comfort and affordable (mandatory) luxury.EMBARRASSING MOMENT: I'm a terrible customer. I failed to read the "cash or check preferred" statement on Space Massage Studio's site! John was kind enough offer an alternative PayPal payment option, but to my horror... it didn't work. Nor did my debit card withdrawal at LGO's dreaded ATM! John never fretted during the entire situation. In fact, he just smiled and suggested I mail him a check at my convenience. Long story short, I left, then returned 15 mins later with the cash in hand. He was a saint.WHY I LOVE IT:Visiting Space is like visiting a friend's house for dinner. You're instantly welcomed and pampered as an honored guest. Warning: After your massage session, you'll be haunted by wonderful dreams of specialized treatments, John's charming personality and traditional hospitality. WHY YOU'LL LOVE IT:You'll make a new friend.  I did.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,12/19/2010,143,222,7,10,6>After being dissatisfied by my GP's diagnosis, I decided to take matters into my own hands, and head to a specialist. My insurance's provider directory led me to Dr. Isabel Feinstein. I really just picked blindly, but ended up lucking out. On my appointment day, I had a very short wait, before Dr. Feinstein strode into the waiting room to meet me.I hate to use the term "spunky," but that she was. She was a bit short, and had kind of crazy salt and pepper hair, tiny, old-fashioned tortoiseshell glass, and insisted that I call her "Izzy."Now, I've never been to an ENT before. In the exam room was a big, scary looking machine, armed with all sorts of wands, probes, lights, and brushes. I was not feeling secure about this whole thing.However, Izzy put me at ease, asked me lots of questions about why I was there, and my history. Even having those wands and lights jammed down my throat and up my nose wasn't all that bad. It wasn't exactly a day at the spa. But it wasn't horrible.I'm only withholding a star because I'm not 100% satisfied with my answer. But apparently less care is actually better for you, the studies say. That fact doesn't quell my anxiety levels, however.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,12/18/2010,182,122,5,13,10>Lee Lee's is a staple for homesick Asians like me who get desperate for ethnic food fix.I am forever indebted to Lee Lee's for the fresh Vietnamese snacks and the Chinese pastries that I thought only existed in hella Asianized California, who woulda thunk?The options are limitless here-- the produce is fresh and cheap, the aisles are fully stocked with anything and everything Asian related, and the lines are never long. Love it!
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,12/16/2010,168,165,5,10,7>Stumbled upon this place while driving to the Chocolate Festival. My husband was thrilled as he LOVES German food. We decided to have lunch here after checking out the festival.Being a lovely warm and sunny day we decided to sit outside....which is very cool...nicely decorated, big picnic tables and plenty of sunlight.I ordered the Hackbraten (German Meatloaf) which was very good, the mashed potato and red cabbage were superb! With this I of course had to try a German beer.....I asked the waiter what he would recommend, he asked what type of beer I like and I said usually the darker ones...he recommended the Franziskaner Dunkel - an unfiltered dark wheat beer, dark roasted malt with a smoky roasted grain finish .... a great recommendation as it was just perfect with my meal.My husband who is constantly craving Weisswurst Sausages was finally at peace having found it on the menu. He insisted I try some of his and said it would melt in my mouth....wow!...it actually does melt in your mouth....delicious. Our waiter was awesome as he knew everything on the menu so he was very helpful as well as very friendly and a great photographer! Everything you need in a waiter : )The German music playing in the background was really festive and added to the great atmosphere. We will definitely be back!
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,12/15/2010,135,383,5,10,7>Love love love this place.  Wound up getting a Groupon to here a few weeks ago, as we love to cook with infused oils and flavored vinegars. I tried to stop by after work one day, but they close promptly at 6. My disappointment? Huge.However, it was worth the wait. We went in this weekend, and were floored by the friendly customer service, the varieties of both oils and vinegars, and pleased by the ability to taste each variety. I loved the vanilla and fig balsamic, and we were hard pressed (no pun intended) to decided between the wild mushroom/sage, tuscon herb, basil and garlic olive oils. We ended up with the wild mushroom oil, and it's really added some excellent flavors to our food.Guess it's time to start saving up so we can come back and buy one of each flavor!
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,12/14/2010,238,88,7,19,10>I have a new favorite restaurant!I had heard about this place because my sister had interviewed for a hostess position early this spring before the place had opened. She ended up taking another job, but she told me how beautiful the place was going to be and how health conscious and vegetarian/vegan friendly it was. I was excited to hear of a place like that finally opening in the East Valley. I love me some Green- but most of that place is vegan junk food and not so healthy (albeit delicious).I had the Teriyaki burger, which was yummy and very flavorful. I spared myself the carbs and had it on the field greens, but I sort of wish I would have went with the bun after reading some reviews.I even went with a very NON vegetarian, and he ended up really happy with his burger. Seems like this place has something for everyone.I just had water, but the oogave sodas and all the drinks looked tasty. Maybe next time. Also on the agenda for next time is the deserts!I'll be back for sure- it was great leaving from dinner and not feeling disgusting or suffering from gut-rot.
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,12/13/2010,37,62,7,8,8>After a trip to the Market, I was roped into trying a short leash dog. I generally as a rule of thumb, refuse to eat hot dogs, but I decided to make an exception, because Sean S. said they were sooooo good. I decided to have a vegetarian dog with mango chutney, jalapeño, and mayo. It was pure heaven and served on a delicious piece of naan. Kudos to the creativity of the dog topping combinations. The combinations are named after the owners pets, dogs none the less - how cute is that? Delicious, filling, and unique. What more can I say? Stop by the Market on Wednesday night or Saturday morning and try one for yourself!
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2007,10/28/2007,109,59,2,4,3>I'm ranking this primarily on the food and what I think is some great potential... also based on the fact that I really want them to do well.Anyway, I've been to Switch I think five or six times now in the past month (whenever I'm in Phoenix for work) mainly because it's about 2 blocks from the office. I've done both take-out and dine-in, and have only come away with questionable service once. Even then, the food is spot-on. In the evenings, the whole area is sorta dead, especially with the light-rail construction, so I'm sure that's not helping out. But the several times I've been there for lunch, it's been pretty packed and have even had to wait for a table once or twice (just a few minutes).So, so far...Appetizers:- Garlic hummus. the waiter says it's "kick ass," and it was. Love the roasted pepper and artichokes on the side- Turkey Mac'n'Cheese. Wasn't my favorite, but pretty creamy nonetheless.Salads and Soup:-Sangria Salad with chicken (you can add chicken, beef, turkey, ham, tuna salad, salmon, or lobster salad to any of the salads). Anyway, rather fruity with grapes, apples, and strawberries. Great flavor combination.-Super Chop Salad with lobster. Stuff is just piled on. Love it.In general, the salads are pretty big and filling. Only gotten the soup of the day (which changes regularly as the name implies). Had a duck and mushroom soup the other day. A little on the salty side, but I can't say no to duck and mushroom in anything.Entrees:- Puff Pastry Galletes. Have tried the prosciutto, mozzarella, pesto and tomato galette which is mouth-watering, as well as the - Chicken Pot Pie Gallete. Chicken pot pie may be one of my favorite things in the world, and this definitely hits the spot.They also have savory crepes, a pasta, and meat and fish dishes.Sandwiches:- Ibiza Sangria Chicken. Friend ordered this, but the waitress was a little frazzled it seemed, so we ended up getting the sangria salad instead. Problem was corrected pretty quickly. Maybe she was new. Anyway, sandwich looked good (roast chicken with apples, grapes, goat cheese, etc.)- Eastport Lobster Roll. Lobster and seafood salad, roast corn and other veggies. Clean flavors, very refreshing- Parmesan Caesar Turkey Pita - basically a caesar salad with roast turkey and tomato, stuffed in a pita. Pretty good, but the turkey was just a tad salty for my tastes.Oh yeah, love their cookies too. They have some and other simple stuff at the honor bar, so you just take and pay in a jar. See how much they trust you? :D Even then, the staff have given me free cookies here and there while waiting or when we got a wrong order once.Anyway, you can see I've tried a good sampling of their menu, but there are like 10 other entrees, about 20 sandwiches, and a handful of other appetizers and salads, not to mention an entire breakfast menu, plus more cocktails, coffees, italian sodas, and smoothies. Maybe their tactic is to get someone like me to come in and eventually try everything on the menu. So far it's working :P
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2007,10/27/2007,215,519,4,6,6>Impressed on so many levels with this stashed-away gem in Phoenix. I had heard of Richardson's, and for my friend's going away/belated birthday dinner, he requested that we go to Richardson's "other restaurant."Like any good yelper I checked its profile out and the peoples' who's opinions and tastes I've come to trust had me sold on it. A subsequent AOL City Guide review page was less than inspiring - complaints about them closing the upstairs dining area and diners who were less-than-impressed with the menu - they (the AOLers) came off sounding like snobs in their reviews, anyway, so I didn't let it bum me out, but I wasn't sure what to expect.Based on the price range and what I'd heard, I was prepared for a 40s-60s married couple crowd and elegant/traditional dcor that would appeal to that demographic; this assumption was further believed when we pulled up and saw those exact couples leaving the parking lot.However, we drove up (complimentary valet is required) and went thru a wooden door into a stone stair chamber (seriously, it felt like a secret passageway in a castle) to another wooden door that opens into the bar area (I was assured on the phone when I made reservations about three days ahead of time for the Sat night that we would get a table, or you can wait for a table or belly up at the bar to eat).Anyway, the crowd was very up-and-coming (for reals, not like Scottsdale mall Kona Grill happy hour, "I'm in real estate" up-and-comers) late 20s to late 30s crowd, the flat screen TV behind the bar was playing ESPN and the Cure (!) was playing...I was in love. It was still white table cloth and wood accents nice, but the subtle, muted tv and just high enough music volume were enough to make it seem more like a bar than a stuffy restaurant. I was told it was Dutch-inspired (so executed by the Dutch impressionist works all over the walls) but the food is basic "new American" grill faire. New twists on old favorites...along with favorites basic mashed potatoes (except these come out souflee style), bacon-wrapped scallops, prime rib ($32) and Chilean sea bass ($28? $34?) (all of which we ordered, and ate, and it was all excellent).We also got a bottle of wine for $25 - not bad. That was one of the least expensive ones, it goes up to the $200s from there. Oh, we also had crme brulee (divine, freshly made with real vanilla bean and served cold, not hot) and coffee to top it all off. Whew! We were pretty drunk, very full and very, very happy with our experience. (the music selection also continued to impress, surprise me - The Killers, MorrisseyOh! I can't forget the server...he was professional (not snobby), knowledgeable and helpful - he will give you his honest opinion on which dishes he likes and doesn't.Oh! And, for a higher-dollar establishment, I was very happy to see they didn't try to charge for every little thing - for $32 I got a salt and pepper encrusted prime rib, the giant side of mashed potatoes, asparagus and a salad (you even get to choose from four specialty salads); a steal, really.Ok, I'm done gushing. If you want a romantic dining spot, this works. If you want a nicer place to grab drinks with people who will appreciate the menu, the ambiance can't be beat.
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2007,10/26/2007,13,14,1,2,6>The owners are so nice, and I dig cheeky retro garb for the house. They have a huge selection of vintage furniture and vintage-looking stuff. If you're a greaser/rockabilly/tattoo fiend, you definitely need to check this place out. They also have apparel and accessories made by LOCALS, which is so refreshing. You must get yourself some Lila-Jo and Lucky 11 gear.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2007,10/25/2007,42,78,1,6,6>I know for a fact that Gelato 64 is made fresh and lives up to its boast of 64 different varieties of flavors from your standard chocolate to the obscure ancho chili chocolate, which by the way, is very good...leaves a kick in your mouth once its gone down.  I like to think of myself as a gelato connoissieur after having been to Italy 5 times so this is as close as you're going to get in the Phoenix area.You can sample as many flavors as you like and the prices are reasonable given the large portions that you get.  The place is clean and spacious and the staff is courteous.  I highly recommend that you come check this place out.  I do every time I'm back in Phoenix.
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,10/24/2007,67,33,1,8,6>Bunky Boutique is a new boutique open on Roosevelt Row. Bunky features a mix of national brands and local designers in an intimate remodeled house. The shop has a good selection of clothes for both men and women as well as jewelry and an assortment of accessories. Bunky had a launch party on Saturday, September 8th that was well attended and is hopefully a sign of many events to come. Go check it out and support a real independent downtown Phoenix business
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,10/23/2007,332,375,14,9,9>STUFF YOUR FACE WITH THESE THINGS!  Seriously.  I don't know what/how/why they can make these things so good but they do.  Maybe the stick of butter in each brownie?  I don't know.  I don't care. Just eat them and you will understand.  So many flavors to choose from, so many reasons to live.  FAIRYTALE BROWNIE-- you are my friend, my lover, the reason I am fat.**The sprites are smaller and allow you to get a more variety of different flavors.
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,10/22/2007,105,40,2,1,2>As usual, I researched my restaurants for my business trip.  This store came up as a local favorite for sandwiches so off I went during lunch. As the name implies, the interior is filled with references.  I ordered the "Afghani" sandwich with the usual toppings.  I wish it had more of a kick to it as it was listed as "spicy".  Guess I'm used to my roommate's Indian cooking nowadays.I wonder what my manager thought of "Cheba Hut" when I submitted the expense report...
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2007,10/21/2007,121,202,,5,3>This place is a bit too modern and clean to be considered an authentic St Louis style BBQ establishment, however, the food is a nice surprise to stumble across way out here in the desert.  The Brisket is amazing, although, some may say it's just a tad over priced for BBQ, but worth it in my opinion.  There's another location in Mesa on Alma School just south of the 60.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2007,10/20/2007,197,146,1,7,6>The Harkins Camelview 5 gives Arizonans the unique opportunity to see movies that are normally reserved for screens in NY and CA. Without this theater there would be very little chance to see independent or foreign films in Phoenix. I give a lot of credit to Dan Harkins for keeping this theater open. He certainly can't  make much money at this location. It's financially  impractical to keep such a small theater operating on such prime real estate. This just shows Dan Harkin's commitment to sharing great films with the people of AZ. Thanks Dan!
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2007,10/19/2007,15,32,,5,5>Very cool place. I don't feel right calling this converted house a bar; it's more like a laidback, casual but elegant place to kick back with your buddies (or a date) while sipping on good beer or a nice glass of wine. I loved the atmosphere and decor - hardwood floors, candles, and even a fireplace right when you walk in. I liked the music too - I think I remember Radiohead being played.We went on a Friday night so it was packed, but the bartender was super nice and made sure to get to me as soon as she could. The bf had the house beer, which was pretty good, and I had a glass of cab (I want to say "75"?) which was awesome.Would definitely go there again. If you're trying to get a table (or even a seat) I would go at an earlier time during the weekend, but there's plenty of standing room if you're with a small party.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/26/2013,331,207,8,18,16>Our feet and back were hurting so badly after browsing around at Glendale Glitters.  We needed a place to rest and probably use a more decent restroom than the portables. We stumbled into Krispy Creations just opened last month. Another wonderful addition to downtown Glendale. If you are absolutely obsessed with rice krispy treats, Krispy Creations adapted them from a normal cake batter.  We didn't try any of their rice krispy treats. We did try the clam chowder soup in a baked bread bowl.  I love that the bread was baked hot and crunchy.  The soup was semi-homemade, but so comforting and delicious in the winter.  They also make their own dipped chocolate strawberry!   The owner is really sweet and friendly. Go support local if you're in downtown Glendale.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,2/25/2013,425,213,3,8,7>After one visit here, I was a huge fan of this new Aaron May installation that puts an eccentric twist on pub fare.  Not to mention, I had one of the most incredible burgers here.With no craft cocktail list to be found here, I looked to the list of drafts and beers by the bottle, which really impressed with the first draft selection a King Ludwig White Beer from Bavaria.  The diverse list includes outstanding selections such as Trappist Belgians, Lambics, Ales from coast to coast, and many outstanding German beers.  One can order a flight of four different beers ranging from $5-$8, so this is also a terrific location to reignite the flames of beer passion.But the food!!!!!  We started with the lump crab corn and bacon dip, which was a unique spin on the crab artichoke dip, but lacked a pinch of flavor to make it memorable.  However, the crispy potatoes tossed with truffle aoli, shaved parmesan, and chives had our tastebuds singing.  The truffle aoli makes it worth the $9 price.  The crispy pig ear came next, and although the flavors of lime and sea salt mixed with chili gave it a wonderful savor, the texture of the cartilagenous ears did not bring us past the first nibble.  Lobster tacos came next, which would have been incredible had the lobster not been delivered tempura style on the taco.  With cabbage, pico, and creme fraiche it was a very simple dish - but for $14 could have been more spectacular.  But the brussel sprouts with lemon and thyme more than made up for the lobster tacos.  Gorgeously seasoned, beautifully cooked, we were in love!  So ultimately the coup de gras of this visit was the Praying Monk burger.  What a phenomenal burger, using beef that is world renowned for its quality , an onion bun from local Karsh bakery, and cooked to perfection.  With a sriracha mayo that gave it a unique flavor kick, finished with caramelized onion and topped with melted Vermont cheddar, it was one of the most delicious burgers I have had in the valley.  Chef Aaron May really knows how to cook a piece of meat!Finally, the space is all dark wood, open ceilings, and an incredible atmosphere created by the chill lounge beats and downtempo tracks pumping through the speakers.Happy Hour is everyday from 3-7pm with  1/2 Priced Appetizers, $3 Monk's Pale Ale, $3 New Belgium Blue Paddle, $4 Premium Well Cocktails, $5 House Red and White Wine - so an excellent opportunity to get to know the exciting pub fare and fantastic beer selection.Furthermore, on Saturday nights is MIDNIGHT MASS where at the stroke of Midnight you receive the same drink as is in your possession for the simple "tithing" of one dollar.I recommend sitting at the bar, where service is quick and friendly and you can more easily navigate the menu options with your bartender.I highly recommend this place for happy hours, casual dinners, or a fantastic spot to start off a night on the town.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/24/2013,110,372,2,7,5>This place needs to not be such a secret. I have been looking for a place like this since Glendale closed down many of their shops and after coming back from Lake Mary Fl where the entire town has these little delightful specialty stores. What a wonderful adventure in the Secret Village's 6 little specialty shops. Think Coomers meets Jootenhoops. I loved their Mark Roberts collection and their unique teacher gifts. The staff here were incredible. Another reason to shop here, "Buy Local". Their 6 shops are themed for Cooking/kitchen, kids, pets, man cave, and collectibles. They also do a once a month vendor sale. Amazingly, they do not charge the vendors to participate either. This place needs to expand. Thank you to the lovely folks I talked to today and my new found holiday treasures.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/23/2013,279,329,4,8,6>Wait, I didn't know Dilly's Deli was this good! Why didn't anyone tip me off earlier?You know how some deli shops only put a few slices of meat on their sandwiches? That isn't a problem at Dilly's. There was a good amount of meat in my Italian sandwich...and the flavor was unbeatable too. The bread seemed fresh-baked and exceeded my expectations with regards to flavor. Overall, I really enjoyed my meal, and will definitely be back!
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,2/22/2013,113,521,5,8,6>I've taken Audrey, my Audi, to Virginia Auto Service a couple times for routine maintenance. I first heard of them through a coupon in the mail, though I'm not sure how they got my address! :)  Being new to the area and because the Audi dealership is way up in north Scottsdale, I decided to give them a try. Not to mention because I value the more personalized service of a small business, but that's a longer discussion... I've been thoroughly impressed with VAS's personal service, their ability to squeeze you in on relatively short notice, the ease in making an appointment, and their communication on what the deal is with your car.  They also have a free ride service to drop you off and pick you up, which is highly convenient! If you have a European car, I highly recommend giving these guys a try!  I'm fiercely protective and OCD about my car -- if I trust Audrey to someone, you know you can.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,2/21/2013,302,469,5,7,6>I was able to visit this place during lunch about two weeks ago. It is a nice spot and can be hard to find if you are not sure where you are going. They have free valet parking during lunch  hour which is great.This place look great! It is like you are entering someone's farm type home with big tables with non-matching chairs (which I love!)  The lunch menu is slightly limited and you cannot order anything off the dinner menu ( we tried and were politely turned down lol) I cannot remember what everyone else ordered food wise but I do know that they loved drink which I believe was called the Indian Summer. (everyone that ordered one had two before the day was over ) I had the sweet tea vodka and lemonade which was delicious. The best Arnold Palmer I have ever had that's for sure. For lunch I ordered the spinach salad and added the blackened salmon. I had to actually as for a new piece of salmon because it was way to salty to eat. Now before people get on my case, I have had blackened salmon before and this was by far saltiest I have ever had. They were gracious enough to remake it without salt and it was perfect. Make sure to order some of those yummy fries because they were ADDICTIVE! Our entire table were practically fighting over the last few bites of fries. I swear my coworkers are crazy!I will definitely be back to try their dinner menu as it appears to be tapas. Plus it would be cool as a cozy date night!
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/20/2013,892,390,4,6,4>My favorite omelet lives here :)It's my own personal build your own combination of chorizo, pepper jack cheese, onions, bell peppers & sour cream. PERFECTION!I remember the coffee tasting better, then I added sugar & it was transformed back to a great cup of coffee. I haven't added sugar to coffee in years, but I think here I'll make an exception, lol. This location is a lot larger than the previous one. Having no waiting was a nice change!
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,2/19/2013,650,610,8,13,10>I couldn't believe my eyes. I went to pick up my take out order from Pita Jungle and oh my, a FRO-YO place (yes I was screaming in my head).  Just a few days ago, I was telling my hubby that Desert Ridge needed a fro-yo place.  I have to have one close by.  Why the 5 stars, because of Pistachio.  I hope they are smart enough to keep that one all the time.  My favorite fro-yo place does, but they are 22 miles away from home.  The place is clean and the space is pretty nice.  As other reviewer said, it will be a great dessert after PJ.  I know my twins will love it.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,2/18/2013,161,232,11,5,6>O. M. F'ing. Gee! It was so good, and delivery was so fast...like faster than freaky fast...it was like Roadrunner fast...or Speedy Gonzales 'ANDALE ANDALE ARRIBA ARRIBA YEE HAW YEE HAW' rapido, or like 'Chip, I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey!' fast...and just as quickly, it was gone.To be honest, I don't even think the italian beef sandwich, drenched and then smothered in sweet and hot peppers with provolone cheese, even knew what hit it. One moment, it's all safe, warm & cozy in its pot, skillet, oven...wherever italian beef comes from, then BAM! it's whisked off on a whirlwind adventure, delivered and not even 10 minutes later swimming in tummy acid. Happy tummy acid. To be frank (because I guess I already used 'To Be Honest'), I have enjoyed other tamales w/ chili and cheese a *skosh* better (not bad, but not the best ever), but the italian beef sandwich today has me hooked (plus they have pink lemonade AND deliver, and that ALWAYS makes working Tygers happy). Lots of delicious sounding stuff on the menu, I'm looking forward to trying the chicago dog and the buffalo bleu fries. One note to the delivery driver/to-go order specialists/management: When delivering a giant mess of a sandwich, make sure to also include napkins, fork and knife. Maybe even some of those moist towelettes they give to bbq revelers. While Clinton and Lewinski may think it's cute to have a little mess on a dress, the people I work with do not appreciate it. **Just kidding, no dresses were harmed during the scarfing down of this meal.*
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/17/2013,245,277,3,18,8>What an amazing new addition to one of Phoenix's already amazing offerings (DBG).I was lucky enough to partake in the "soft" opening this week at Gertrude's (opening officially tomorrow). First glance the decore is very nice, minimalist, and works very well with the rest of DBG. Sound is absorbed very well, so what looks like would be a very loud restaurant is actually very pleasant. Then when you look further you get a little peak into the kitchen from the dining room and you can see the awesome room they have for the "Chef's table". They even have a very large patio, which I didn't notice 'til our way out, as it was freezing (well for Phx anyway) outside and I wanted nothing to do with the outside that evening. It looks to have seating for upwards of 50 and has great views. Happy hour on the patio anyone?!Being our first time we wanted to make sure to try everything we could:Lamb Stuffed Ravioli - delish! the beans were a bit on the tough side, but might just not be my taste. Breakfast & Brussels - my favorite thing all night. I love brussels sprouts and the preparation of this dish is excellent. Brioch toast with an egg int he middle and a brussels with bacon and caramelized onions salad, i cant wait to have more!Grain salad - quinoawith micro greens and a maple lemon vin dressing. Very tasty, my dad who doesn't like quinoa love it. Braised veggie - Swiss chard with a goat cheese creme, very well doneFingerling Potatoes - triple fried, needed a tad extra salt, but you cant go wrong with these. EntreeSwine - basically pork four ways. I am not a huge pork fan, but all four ways were yummy! Their house made sausage was the best, tons of flavor!Snapper - I have never had snapper before, but it was a yummy light white fish, served with Swiss chard, fingerlings and pancetta, very tasty!Red Chili Short Ribs - my favorit presentation plate of the night, smoky, tender and delish, I will probably get these next time I am in for dinner. DessertMilk & cookies - adorable idea, excellent chocolate milk and three different types of cookies, my dad plate was clean when we were ready to eave so I think he liked it. Dough nuts + Sauce - my choice, very good, warm dough nut holes with three dipping sauces. I wanted the chocolate souffle but it takes 30 minutes to make, so remember to order it early.Everything was great and we had a wonderful time.Note: to get there park by the gardens entrance, go through main gate and you will see the restaurant on the right hand side as you walk in. Enjoy!
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,11/6/2011,411,144,8,9,10>-This is the BEST Scrapbook store in the entire Valley! Five stars!-Huge classroom with a lot of work space.-Nice decor. Cute store!-Good selection of scrapbook supplies.-Friendly staff.-Convenient parking.-Good selection of classes.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,11/5/2011,1070,742,11,16,14>Do you like crusty pizzas?  Do you like goat cheese and ricotta?  How about some spinach and lots of roasted garlic??  If you like white pizzas (no tomato sauce), then you HAFTA try the Popeye!  I've ordered this pie almost every week since first trying it in late Oct./early Nov. of last year.  Mom couldn't get enough of it; she was the one who'd ask me to order one for takeout at the end of every work week!  :)  She finally asked me to stop getting them late Dec./early Jan., but I never tired of it.  She recently started asking if we could go have some more pizza about three weeks ago; I just bought one last night!  The Popeye is the only variety I've tried here (it's the only white pizza they've got), but with such great flavors on a perfectly crispy crust, I don't want anything else!p.s.  Tried the tiramisu, as well-- Ordered it to-go, but had to try a few bites at the resto.  LOL  Very nice, and not too sweet.  My two complaints were that it needed more espresso and that the slice was a bit small for the price.  (Or maybe it just didn't look so pretty when served in an aluminum bowl.)  Would I order it again?  Hmm... I'll have to get back to you on that!
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,11/4/2011,480,193,7,10,11>Brand spankin new.  Staff flits about like hummingbirds, primping, tidying, friendlying up patronage with check-ins and cookie samples.   There's a real executive chef supervising the highly visible goings on behind the glass partition between the dining and food prep areas.  There is real pro-culinary experience back there.  The breads are baked fresh on premises daily.     A surprising amount of variety can be found in the menu, with all the usuals, plus a few nifties like the Meaty Spud, a crispy-shell bbq-taco-salad thing, or a 10 oz burger.     The breads are baked fresh on premises daily.      Lunch prices were very reasonable for a sandwhich+side+drink combo.  Take home prices for meat were a little less thrifty. They make batches for each day and don't keep food for the next day, though, so if you come in 3-4pm you get a discount on the selection that does remain.   There will be tweaking with a place this new, such as a conversation Daren and I had with Chef J about kicking up his special sauce a notch or two on the heat, which he happily heard us say, since he'd originally had it much hotter, and told us to plan for it to be next time.     We've got our eye on the burger, which Chef J and the owner both talked up as a custom crafted 80/20 chuck recipe that will endure minimal processing or handling, never frozen, cooked over a charcoal grill.  Guess where and when the buns are freshly baked?
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,11/3/2011,97,168,5,6,4>I love street food, I love small portions, I love guacamole, I love refried beans - now that you know these things about me, now that I've revealed the Latina part of my soul that burns under this German facade, it's really not hard to see why this place would get 5 stars from this chica. They do all of the above perfectly. If you are looking for an enourmous, sloppy, flavorless burrito combo plate with a large diet coke, this is not your gig. Looking back, I feel like they possibly took a long time to serve our food, but it's probably because I was sipping fizzy orange vodka that has tampered my memory, not to mention I wanted to nosh real bad. Our waiter was sweet and incredibly busy, so as long as my glass was full, I was feliz. Might have to hop the light rail for a verdura taco tonight, cuz I just can't get my veggies to taste like that at home.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,11/2/2011,1350,223,8,10,11>make sure you enjoy your waffles and chicken onsite. it doesn't taste nearly as good heated up at home.weekends are busy so try to go during non-peak times in the evening.tourists: servers are sassy and the waffles are one of the top ten you'll ever taste!
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,11/1/2011,375,90,14,9,9>5 stars. You heard me.Man, am I late on this review...My sweetie took me to dinner at CPH for my 35th birthday. I know what you're all thinking... "but Kristi...you don't look a day over 34&3/4." Stop....no, pleassssseeee enough with the flattery folks. I can't take it anymore. No seriously. Keep going..Turns out CPH is right up there with the likes of Nobuo at Teeter House and FnB when it comes to quality and experience. Excellent wine selection. Please, if you have the opportunity, try the 'Tender Belly' bacon fat heirloom popcorn. It was delicious. Though bacon fat could probably make dog poo tasty. I enjoyed the Porcini-dusted Filet Mignon, medium rare and had a couple of nibbles of my fiance's scallops (which were amazing). The Filet was cooked to perfection and though I'm somewhat of a purist and usually prefer my steak 'au-natural' I was beyond satisfied with the accoutrement. Impressed even. The service was phenomenal. The distress surrounding my age caused me to consume a gigantic Ketel martini, a shit load of wine (local by the way, I love that) and a desert drink and not once was I cut off. Truly though, our server was a doll. Engaging and genuine; something obviously lacking in the service industry in Arizona. The only thing I would change about CPH is the location and that's only due to my location, so I'll deal with it.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,10/31/2011,73,136,21,14,12>I don't do sexy well. All of my attempts at seduction end in horrible awkwardness. Drunk on sake from Nobuo, I attempted to give my boyfriend the ol' bedroom eyes. He told me later that I acted like a mid-range call girl the entire evening. My BAC was partially due to my empty stomach and patially due to previous alcohol consumption. We had already been waiting an hour and a half for Pizzeria Bianco and a bottle of wine later we decided to get some sustenance to help us through the next hour and a half of the wait. While I wasn't making a spectacle of myself, we enjoyed the Teeter Tots and Steamed Pork Buns. Our waiter was an expert in the field of sake and helped us pair these two dishes with a great bottle of the stuff. The Teeter Tots, Panko crusted tofu with a dipping sauce, were so good. I always look for a similar menu option at every Japanese place we go to now, but nothing has come close. Now, I admit I do not normally like steamed pork buns. But I was drunk and in the mood for adventure, so I gave these guys a shot! Second best  outcome of an intoxicated decision ever!Get frisky at Nubuo if you have the chance!
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,10/30/2011,741,230,3,8,8>Great place to chill and have some beer/wine, the selection of beers is extensive. They have live music usually on the weekends with some awesome local talent. If you are in the neighborhood it is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,10/29/2011,37,85,6,8,6>What an incredible addition to the downtown Phoenix bar scene! The independently owned FilmBar has a great beer and film selection. It's the type of place that I want to bring all of my friends from out of town and say, "look at this! See! Baby Phoenix is growing up!"Make sure to check the website to find out what film is playing. No point in going to the FilmBar if you don't stay for a movie. I take that back. Go to the FilmBar for a drink, and realize that you should stay for a movie too.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,10/28/2011,231,476,8,9,8>I have driven by this place a few times but it wasn't until I looked at my Yelp-check in offers that I was intrigued (35% off any one item). I took my 4 year old with me who fell in love with almost everything she saw there....budding fashionista? Hmmm? Like my daughter, there many things I just loved. I found the prices incredibly reasonable, too, for a vintage shop. I can't stand vintage/thrift stores that are way overpriced. There was a variety of men's and women's clothes, some kids clothes (although I would have liked to see more), jewelry, bags, shoes, other miscellaneous accessories. There was even a sale rack. Speaking of racks, I didn't try on some of my favorites because I didn't think they would fit mine. Like a previous reviewer, I have my doubts what this curvy girl can fit in but when I don't have a rambunctious child with me, I'll be sure to try it out!Hours are great, too...every day until 6 p.m., I believe, which is easy to remember!
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/29/2013,185,193,6,10,6>Let me preface this review by saying that for the past 2 years I have lived in Boston, which has some decent Chinese restaurants, great food, but rude/curt/abrupt service. I had learned to keep my head down, not make eye contact and not ask any questions. Eat as fast as possible and get the hell out before someone starts yelling at you!So understandably my guard was up when I entered Mu Shu Asian Grill. However, complete opposite here. Mr Mu Shu welcomed me to his establishment, asked me if I had ever been here before and took the time to explain the stir fry/salad bar station.I was in the mood for Mu Shu, and a place named Mu Shu must have great Mu Shu, right? Mr MS described to me his version of MS, I heard him say something about a burrito, but I really wasn't paying too much attention as I smugly thought I knew everything there was to know about Mu Shu! Boy was I wrong! When I get it, it's bigger than my forearm. It's packed full of shrimp, veggies and fried rice. Wow, what a great flavour!You've heard of Asian fusion? This is Mexasian!
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/28/2013,353,125,9,13,12>I've been here a few times already and just now realized I haven't left a review!Sunday is the best day to come here. Half off sushi and drinks... fabulous all day happy hour. If you're not into sushi (and therefore, you're crazy) just get the rock shrimp bowl... amazing. They also have different flavors of sake (pomegranate is a fav) and sake bombers as well (Sapporo is in large bottles; Kierin is in small bottles). There's a DJ, and karaoke, and lots of beautiful people. Go here.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,3/27/2013,564,153,10,10,10>I'm glad that Cafe Rio Mexican Grill opened up in Town and Country.  We have been to Cafe Rio a couple of times now.  On Tuesday they have tacos for $1.50.  Cafe Rio is now my favorite place for tacos.  The beef and pork tacos are the best.  If you are looking for a good taco you should check out Cafe Rio.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,3/26/2013,175,208,12,14,13>I took my friend from Mexico here and she just laughed at me. "This is such an American thing to do," she said, "taking the most unhealthy things from different cultures, then smothering them with cheese." I didn't hear any complaints in that sentence, really. Chino Bandido is an all-American idea. It's like a bacon and peanut butter sandwich, a deep fried oreo, a Coney Island hot dog eating contest. It's just genius. The jade red chicken on it's own is wonderful, but pairing it with black beans or putting it in a gooey cheese quesadilla just enhances the whole experience. And, though my foreign friend laughed, she was happy to box up the leftovers for the next day!I think the icing on top of this patriotic cake was really the warm snickerdoodle that comes with every meal. My friends have this crazy rule that you smash the cookie with your fist, because it's really fluffy and it makes it bigger if you squish it down a little. There's really no science behind it, but maybe we can start a trend?This is a true Phoenix essential, and a silly and fun place to take out-of-towners, or just yourself when the mood strikes!
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,3/25/2013,280,572,9,15,10>At first glance, my Yelp buddies may be thinking "Finally!  She's put the lid on that can of crazy and adopted a new pet!  Too bad it needs a neurologist."  Well, no I haven't. That shows you what my list of unfinished reviews looks like.  So here's my review from my August 2011 visit.  Rest assured, it was so traumatizing I can accurately remember the pertinent details.After my kitty suffered a severe seizure, losing her eyesight, the emergency clinic recommended a neuro consult as they were unable to pinpoint the cause.    So we loaded up our already deaf, now blind, and extremely pissed off family member into the car and  headed from one hospital to another.The facility is in an odd industrial area, but it was very clean and the staff friendly.  We were greeted promptly and had a minimal wait.  Suzi was first thoroughly examined by an resident.  She was minimally cooperative, but he was good with her.  He then took her to another room for a second examination by a neurologist, Dr. Evans.  We were not offered the opportunity to accompany Suzi, but we were not exactly at the top of her list anyway.  Following Dr. Evan's exam, he did meet with us to report his findings.  His best guess was a brain tumor, but in absence of an MRI, he could not be certain.  We discussed treatment options; however, as she was already 19, I was not willing to consider surgery or radiation.  He suggested a course of steroids which could reduce any swelling causing the blindness.The only thing preventing me from a 5-star review was the topic of the MRI.  While I did not feel pressured, I was encouraged to move forward with it for a definitive diagnosis even after I expressed concern over her age and current weakened state following the seizures.  I asked if the MRI were positive what conservative treatment was available.  The answer...a course of steroids, the same thing if it were negative.  I fully understand it was their obligation to communicate all available diagnostics and treatments available, but I also understand that I could have easily been swayed to spend $3000 just for peace of mind in my case.The steroids did appear to help as Suzi's sight returned and she had 3 more months seizure-free.  Dr. Evans' best guess diagnosis appeared to be accurate, as she did exhibit additional symptoms pointing to a brain tumor just before we euthanized her.  I would not hesitate to trust this facility again should the need arise.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/24/2013,507,585,11,12,9>Don't you forget about me,don't, don't, don't, don't Don't you forget about me(Simple Mind - Don't You "Forget about me")The Breakfast Club was a cult classic in the 80's.  The Breakfast Club in Scottsdale does not disappoint.  Though not so much a classic yet, they do serve a mean breakfast - Yum! I ordered the Eggs Benedict while my partner ordered 2 eggs breakfast.  Eggs Benedict Arnold - haha! (Peter Griffin from Family Guy).  Needless to say I loved a good old fashion breakfast and they did not skimp on the portions.  (Enough for 5 mischievous students hmmm).  Like going back in time, back to the 80's, where breakfast was a time to stuff your face!  My eggs were over easy for sure while the soft and warm hollandaise sauce gently glazed over the eggs and ham.  Not too overpowering and just the right sweetness.  I had my hash extra crispy and my bacon; I like them soft and chewy.  I added some hot sauce and I had myself a grand meal.Will you recognize me? (After eating here and gaining some weight)Call my name and walk on by (A walk more like a run I'll need)Rain keeps falling, rain keeps falling (More like falling asleep)Down, down, down, down (I go!)(Simple Mind - Don't You "Forget about me")The place itself had a business diner yet modern feel.  Not your typical dive diner for sure!  Service was spot on and keep that coffee flowing! - Enjoy!
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,3/23/2013,337,1178,4,5,4>Heart-stoppingly good!  Load up on your Lipitor, check your blood sugar level at the door, and sit down for some Southern style good eats.  We had various sides to go with our fried chicken, such as buttered grits, waffles, collard greens, and beans with rice.The fried chicken had a salty, crispy, peppery crust with tender, juicy chicken.  I had a 3 piece platter which included a wing, breast, and thigh.  The chicken tasted great with the waffles in maple syrup and butter.  The collard greens were tender, with good smokey flavor and a hint of bitterness from the natural flavor of the greens.  The red beans and rice were decent, and the buttered grits were also decent.As for drinks, I opted to wash my meal down with some sweet tea ($3).  The tea is very sweet and concentrated, but was tasty nonetheless.  Since it was so sweet, I could only take a few sips of it throughout the meal.  I also tried some red Kool-Aid, which was equally as potent.  If you like strong flavored drinks, this is your place!Service was very friendly.  It was fairly busy on a Friday night and we had a little bit of a wait, but we didn't mind since it gave us time to look over the menu.  If I ever have room in my stomach for more food after my main course, I'd definitely like to try some of their delicious desserts!
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,3/22/2013,2276,947,21,37,27>Okay, I've been beaten into submission. Yes, you can enjoy a wonderful dining experience in a restaurant that serves only buffet.  Jasmine Tokyo is that place!Our merry little group included ring leader, buffet master extraordinaire Rand H, along with Robyn N, Mike C and myself.  As noted elsewhere, Jasmine Tokyo is located in the old Claim Jumpers space, near the corner of 70th Street on Shea.  Both the exterior and interior hasn't changed that much either.  The only difference you'll notice are the huge buffet stations that run down the middle of the restaurant.  On the right side, as you come in, they've re-positioned the bar to the back and added a huge sushi station. I have posted a zillion pictures online.The food was extraordinary.  It wouldn't have been better, if it was prepared individually in the back.  Everything was fresh and served in smaller, more manageable portions.  This is one of those restaurants (buffets) where you can only take a small amount of food on you plate, because you want the opportunity to try everything.  According to Rand, they have nearly 130 different choices, including eight different gourmet ice creams.  The ice cream by the way, is the only food item that is served to you upon request.My bill was $11.99 before taxes, less a "20% Yelp Discount" that came to $10.66 including taxes, but before tip,  Our server Mirian F was outstanding and always there refilling our glasses or cleaning our table.  Very nice.Enjoy!
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,3/21/2013,1070,742,12,19,16>Stopped by to check out the place and ask if the ice cream flavors were made with corn syrup (yes).  However, the nice man, whose name is Terry, took the time to tell me about their products, and I became very interested in their custom-roasted beans from Miscela d'Oro.  Terry kindly obliged to let me sample a "cortadito," yelp.com/biz_photos/pete… a taste of cortado, a single espresso mixed with (sweetened) milk.  Now, I usually drink my coffee black, preferring to glean calories off of sweet pastries, pancakes, and waffles instead, so I was glad that Terry had not told me that he was going to add the sweet milk-- I most likely would've skipped it!  The cortadito was a beauty to look at and so velvety and luscious, that I savored each and every sip.  After a delightful chat, I continued on to visit a favorite coffee shop nearby and the second of three breakfast stops for sweets.  An hour or two later, I walked back to Petersen's to buy a cup of drip coffee to help me finish off a few more sweet bites.I'm definitely coming back to have a cortado!  (And maybe buy a chocolate-dipped waffle cone to complement.)
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,3/19/2013,175,390,13,18,19>How amazing is it really to have in the City we live in. I guess I have always taken it for granted since it has always been here.But, When you see how really beautiful it is , and you drive by it all the time, or you can see it from the air when flying in. It is a truly amazing place.Lots of parking and it is easy to get to. RIght in between Phoenix and Scottsdale.For a beautiful ,peaceful day this is the place to go. Be smart, take water,and dress the part. Wear sunscreen and a hat.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,1/16/2014,339,291,14,9,9>I was taken on a date here for a late dinner and the place is great! I love the ambiance, and the lighting is perfect for date night. The male servers are hot. like really hot. hahahahWe started off with the guacamole and salsa is better than I've had a most restaurants. I ordered the grilled swordfish tacos, which was labeled as "guaranteed best in town" um, that couldnt be more true. The best swordfish tacos I've ever had, and the servings were HUGE.If it wasnt a first date, I would of took a picture of my dish. but i didnt want him to know about my yelp addiction just yet.cause i mean.... i've definitely got a problem. hahahaa must try for dinner! I really want to come back for brunch on the patio though.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/15/2014,892,390,8,10,9>What a great experience!This was my first time at this park. My nephew was in the Special Olympics Softball finals and this was the host field. I must say, I was really impressed!! When I heard it was at a 'community' park I was picturing dead grass and port-a-potties, lol. Instead we pulled into a big parking lot, the grass was green as could be and we didn't have to walk on it because there were nice walking trails. I saw people carrying in with their own chairs, except for me (so unprepared, lol), but it was okay because they had covered bleachers at each of the softball fields. Another great thing? Real bathrooms! No port-a-potty stank here :DAll in all, a great park! *(4) Softball Fields *Open Green Spaces *Walking Paths *Restrooms
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,1/14/2014,231,1069,29,32,29>A very good friend told me about this Irish pub not too long ago, and since then this family-operated establishment has been one of my go-to destinations for live music and Irish cuisine. The atmosphere is dim lit, bustling, and equipped with several TVs for local sports fans here and there. The décor starts with an open patio, and a horseshoe bar surrounded by a score of booths and tables. Last Friday the Sullivan's were on hand to provide the live music that rocked the house.The Jinky's Famous Chicken Wings ($8.99) arrived with ten sizable drumettes and they were spicy delicious. The meat was a tad on the dry side, and I wished there were a number of actual wings that could appear on the plate. On the other hand, the explosive flavor was quite striking, addictive, and good to share. This is a good dish to order during game day.Their Corned Beef and Cabbage ($11.99) came with prime pieces of corned beef, boiled cabbage, potatoes, carrots, horseradish sauce, and mustard. The thick cuts of corned beef was a tad chewy, but there was plenty of flavor to go with the creamy horseradish and pointed mustard seeds. The cabbage and potatoes were sensational. Portions were generous and good for two meals. This is one dish that I would recommend.The Grilled Basa ($9.95) came with a strip of perfectly buttery blackened basa. The fish was tender, flavorful, and had great moisture so it was easy to fork into. This dish also came with a side of garlic mashed potatoes nicely whipped with a mix of potato skin here and there. Fia thought the fish was a tad too salty, but we both really liked the mashed potatoes. Service was friendly, efficient, and fast. My drink was not refilled the first time, but service was much improved during my latest visit. The atmosphere really picked up once the Sullivan's came on stage. Eventually it got a bit too loud and hard to chat across the table. A cool spot to catch a game and enjoy their live music. I would be interested in coming back to try their Fish 'n Chips and Irish Whiskey Bread Pudding.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,1/13/2014,480,556,8,14,11>It's a small place with unique  downtown charm typical of Roosevelt Row.  Don't judge this book by its cover. ;) Aside is a vegan restaurant which offers raw and gluten free options as well. They have a diverse menu and offer daily specials. As they source seasonally and locally many items may be limited and/or their exact menu may not be available.  But that shouldn't keep you from trying this place.  I would not recommend the place if you are hyper picky/critical or if you have avoided other establishments in the area because they look 'sketchy'.  *tsk* *tsk* An open mind and adventurous spirit really do improve the quality of life. You've missed out on so many cool things as a result. The staff is friendly and accommodating.  I like to go in and ask for their recommendations. They always introduce me to something new.  When you go, you HAVE to try their Thai Tea (with your choice of "milk"...my fave hazelnut). [If you like Thai tea in general.] Many of it's base ingredients are locally sourced.  I'm hooked and often stop in just for a large tea as I begin my downtown adventures through some of the local galleries and businesses. Live...try something new...
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,1/12/2014,218,488,5,7,8>Well the name of this establishment says it all for me. Detroit Coney Grill is awesome and the owner Dave is the TRUTH......wohoooo. The wife and I went here for lunch this past Monday and when I walked in I IMMEDIATELY loved the place. Dave was wearing a Detroit Lions shirt.....another staff member was wearing a Tigers Visor.....and we showed some mad love to each other over that thrilling comeback by the Lions over the Dallas Cowgirls.Enough about that though let me talk about the food.....first of all since I don't eat red meat.....I decided to try there buffalo chicken pita. Let me tell you people it was the BEST buffalo chicken I have EVER tasted. I mean it was soooooo goood because they use Franks Hot Sauce and that makes all the difference in the world. Now for those of you who haven't spent anytime in the Midwest there are 3 things you must try if you ever visit that part of the country.Franks Hot SauceBetter Made Potato ChipsFaygo Soda PopThey sell all of these items at the Detroit Coney Grill.....I was truly in heaven on Earth. This is establishment has been open for only a couple of months.....but I am really hoping Dave can get a spot open over here in the East Valley. So I need all of my fellow yelpers to pay Dave a visit in Tempe.....enjoy the food.....even if your not a Detroit sports fan.....LOL!!!! Then get your fannies back here on YELP and show Dave and the Detroit Coney Grill some love so we can get one here in the East Valley......wohooooo!!!! Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,1/11/2014,57,155,6,9,5>Had an awesome experience in the bar yesterday. Had a few cocktails and appetizers. The duck fat fries were great. I cook my potatoes in bacon fat so I was used to a great flavor. What really topped it off was the poached egg on top.I'm a total whore for an egg on anything.Brussels sprouts were darn good and so were the potato-bacon-tot things.Solid old-fashioneds and nice pours all around.Open kitchen like I love and the food coming out looked spot on.Five stars for now. Will review again after I have a meal.Note that they are not open for lunch on the weekend. BUMMER
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,1/10/2014,185,193,10,12,10>What else can be said about the wonderful little restaurant that hasn't been said already?We were able to make reservations on Open Table for 7:30 on a Saturday night. We arrived on time, and the restaurant was full. The host was very apologetic and asked us if we minded waiting at the bar for a few minutes until the table was ready. We didn't mind at all. The bartender was engaging and make a mean French cocktail. Once the table freed up, they brought us over and gave us two complimentary glasses of champagne - classy touch.For apps we got the escargot and steak tartar. Little disappointed the escargot had already been removed from their shells, but they tasted amazing none the less. The tartar was served with a perfectly cooked duck's egg.For entrées OH ordered the scallop special and boy were they big and tasty! Unusually for me I did not order the steak frites, having been persuaded by the waiter that the lamb chops were to die for. He was not wrong, they were quite possibly the biggest lamb chops I have ever seen, obviously from some mutant, but super tasty, sheep.Dessert had to be the soufflé - top tip: order when you get your entrées as this baked delight takes a little while. But again, our waiter was on top of it for us.The patio looked very romantic, but obviously too hot in July. I'll be sure to come back when the weather cools off and ask to sit outside.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,1/9/2014,795,565,7,19,9>That's Italian!It's difficult to find a really good Italian restaurant in the Valley.  This is probably one of things that has hit me the hardest about moving out here from San Francisco--I went from a place where great Italian cuisine abounds, to a place where the great ones are like landmarks on barren terrain.  Barzini's is one of those landmarks.The greatest outrage of them all that you will see at one of the inferior joints is what I refer to as the "Italian Scam"--this is when you get a few cups of pasta or 5 ravioli in a low-grade tomato or other sauce and they charge you $15-$20.  It's noodles and sauce.  The noodles are off the shelf, and the ingredients in the sauce (if it isn't canned or jarred) are mixed from supermarket ingredients.  Even if it's Nonna's recipe that she took with her when she came over from Tuscany or Palermo in 1902, that doesn't give anybody clearance to charge a customer that much for a simple dish.There are no scams at Barzini's.  The pasta plates are a decent size, for a decent price, and the taste is superior.  My daughter loved her cheese ravioli--and she's picky about quality.  My wife's tortellini was redolent with peas and a tomato cream sauce--it actually resembled an Indian red curry dish at first appearance.  However, its taste and aroma was all Italian--my wife was all smiles.  A lot of love goes into the preparation here and you get your food with friendly, helpful service.  The pizza that they serve reminds me somewhat of the incredible pie that I ate when I visited Naples with my father back in 2004--yes, this is a spot for authentic taste.  They even have extremely fresh vegetarian, vegan, and non-gluten options if that's what you're looking for.  May I recommend the Rigatoni Primavera?It ain't a fancy, dress-up establishment.  Barzini's is a simple, walk-in place where all you have to do is go to the counter, order, and have a seat.They deliver too--yet another reason to set your Italian food compass to this landmark, and keep coming back.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/8/2014,280,572,13,16,13>Never in my many visits to Fiesta Burrito...and there have been a lot of them...have I been disappointed.  Never has the food tasted like it was made a week ago.Never have I had to spit anything out, hoping it had, at least, originated from the cow.Never have I had cause, or been afraid to check the restaurant inspections naughty list.I am a fan.
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,1/7/2014,189,498,8,12,10>Went here for the International UYE.  I have been meaning to try this place since before I was a Yelper. Glad I got the chance.  All of us knew there was one waiter and one cook in a tiny kitchen in advance so having the food come out as it was ready for each of us was not a problem and all of the dishes seemed properly done.  I wish more large groups and small restaurants would accept that as normal practice. As with any restaurant there were some items that were misses based on expectations.  Overall most of us liked what we had.  The owner ran the front of the house well while his wife/ co owner did all the cooking.  It was a very pleasant evening and the pace allowed us do quite a bit of chatting without feeling rushed.  There were also several good sized to go orders picked up while we were there.  I got the impression that they were not phoned in as it seemed folks stood around a bit waiting for their orders.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,8/14/2014,1061,85,11,14,7>Since PHO's menu is so extensive I can always try some thing differed  to eat and that is always mouth watering bowl of PHO that is guaranteed  to  satisfy . Especially when suggested by the son of the owner. Every suggestion by him has be short of amazing. YES were hooked on this place,  yes were regulars, there, yes we know every one there. and yes this is out favorite Vietnamese restaurant in town.Peter the owners son ha even made suggestions to try different n00dles to replace the ones that cone with them and all I can say is each time he does the soup gets better ad better! FOOD: PHO is delicious. AMBIANCE/ DECORE: Very modern. Exceptionally clean.  Bathrooms are very clean,.SERVICE: Outstanding. Everyone is very attentive, providing  excellent customer service.  CONCLUSION: Very filling meals. This restaurant is spotless. The prices are excellent. What else do you want from a restaurant. I will be returning here to try their other delicacies! RETURN FACTOR: 100%                      *********** What does my OVERALL rating mean? **************5 stars -Highly recommended.  I would be willing to drive out of my way to this business. It is that good. This place represents their industry or cuisine very well! 4 stars - Highly Recommended. I would frequent this business. 3 stars - Not that good but not that bad. Just average. I wouldn't mind going again. 2 stars - I would not recommend this establishment to friends or family. 1 stars - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT patronize this business. I would RUN AWAY from this place and you should too! DON'T WAST YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY AT THIS ESTABLISH
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,8/13/2014,185,219,19,18,14>My goal at White Cup Coffee was simple, grab a coffee and go. It was an in and out mission. No messing around... but then I saw them. Like glorious twirling hypnotic pinwheels of goodness they immediately controlled my gaze. Cinnamon Rolls.On a scale from one to ten, my love for cinnamon rolls is somewhere around a 62. If I see them, I must have them. There's a funny thing about cinnamon rolls though, they're not all good... Weird right? Finding the best cinnamon rolls takes time and perseverance. It's not an easy task, but someone has to do it, and I will sacrifice my waist line for you in order to find excellent rolls of cinn.  The cinnamon rolls at White Cup Coffee are made in-house. This, of course, is mandatory to be considered for the upper echelon level of cinnamon roll greatness.  I ordered mine to-go. When the moment finally came to eat it, there was some slight disappointment. The cinnamon roll had to be heated before eated... Sometimes, but rarely, a cinnamon roll can be eaten cold. However, in my experience, it's best to have them warm and soft to the touch. It seemed that for now, I'd have to wait...Tonight I popped that bad boy in the microwave (unfortunate it came to that). It was very good though. The icing was of the cream cheese variety (my fave). The roll itself wasn't as gooey as I like, but it's tough to judge after it's been sitting around all day. Overall, I'd call the White Cup cinnamon roll a success. Of course... I will have to do more research. Another visit will be required to know for sure. And then maybe another visit, just to be Really sure. Oh... I forgot to mention... they had coffee. It was good.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/12/2014,331,202,4,12,16>I was making a "HAVE TO" trip to Trader Joe's on Saturday and pulled out my yelp app to see if I had anything worthy of lunch bookmarked in the neighborhood.  I did not, so I then searched and filtered based on highest reviewed.  Niccoli's came up, and it was settled.The parking lot, for the most part, was empty... but that didn't deter me from going in.  The smell that hit me upon entering reassured me that I had made the right choice.  Since I'm rarely in that neck of the woods, I ordered a meatball sub and an antipasto salad - knowing full well I would not be able to eat both in one sitting.  While waiting, I struck up a conversation with the female owner, who proceeded to tell me a story about a photo on the wall I had noticed of her and her husband, over 50 years ago, on the night of their wedding night.Just the fact that she took a few minutes to tell me about their lives that long ago while I waited for my food was worthy of at least four of these stars.  Then, as I was seated in the dining room next door, listening to Sinatra's greatest hits, the food came and it was out of this world.  Easily one of the best meatball subs I've ever consumed - the bread had the perfect chew - and wasn't soggy from the delicious fresh marinara.The salad had banana peppers, delicious olives, provolone, three different meats (salami, mortadella and pepperoni) and quite possibly the best Italian dressing to cover it in.  There were not many others who came to eat - but plenty were in and out for various Italian needs.  Their store is small, but appeared to have anything you might need for an authentic Italian meal.  Check this place out, whether you go for ingredients to make your own meal or want to try something they make fresh it's totally worth your time. If they're not that busy, ask about the beautiful picture on the wall and you're sure to hear a great story about Joe & Peppy's wonderful life.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/11/2014,443,251,15,15,15>I haven't been to Germany but I have been to Haus Murphy's. Why does this matter? Haus Murphy's makes me feel like I haven't missed out on the great beer halls of Europe.My first visit to Haus Murphy I was serenaded by a tubist (Duane) and an accordion player (Elmer). Both gents were wearing short lederhosen and alpine hats (complete with a feather!) Perhaps entertained by my slack jawed expression they asked for my name.  And so I heard the song "Good night Irene" as performed by a tuba and an accordion. These guys are here on Friday and Saturday nights, 6:30-8:30pm. They take requests!You should come hAngry. The food is served in enormous sized portions. The Wiener Schnitzel is perfectly delivered. "But Irene. You haven't been to Germany!" Heck no. But I've been to Vienna and have gobbled my way thru many a schnitzel.  Haus Murphy's version is tenderly prepared, lightly fried in such a way you want to forget about the calories involved. I've had the good fortune to enjoy the indoor and outdoor spaces, in small, medium and large groups. The outside space is a wonderful venue to enjoy people watching. The indoor space readily accommodates larger parties. I would recommend coordinating in careful detail if your party is larger than ten. At my last visit for Int'l Supper Club the staffing was a little stretched for a party of our magnitude. We ended up walking to the bar to obtain our drinks, which wasn't really too much of an issue.Haus Murphy's is a really fun place to visit and dine. Also, RSVP for holiday events as they fill up!
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,8/10/2014,39,118,17,9,10>Brought my mom here and I think she felt really out of place, which typically (and correctly) means it was an entertaining experience.The clientele here make for highly entertaining people watching. At ten in the morning, there was the guy who never took his shades off, inside. His buddy next to him looked like a hired goon from a 1960s era James Bond, with slacks, a dark long sleeve button up shirt and a pony tail. Then in walked Phoenix's Russell Brand equivalent. Clearly either on molly or in a manic phase, homey was just LOVING life. Everyone in his path got a high five or a hug and a smile, with his dreads flopping this way and that. At some point he walked behind the counter like he owned the place, because apparently the baristas needed hugs and high fives too. Then his girlfriend walks in, a beautiful girl covered head to toe in body art. They eventually walk over to Shades and Igor and he introduces her to them. Her name is Goddess. I half expected her to begin an incantation, but apparently she wasn't so moved.Not everyone in Lux is as awesome as these people, there are a fair share of people who didn't look like they throw their enemies into pools filled with sharks or have bipolar disorder. Boring people like me. Fortunately there will be enough characters who could have walked out of a B-movie that you shouldn't get bored. Suffice to say that you will likely be entertained.The food was very good as well, and the coffee was perfect. The scene here is so rad though that those come as an asterisk.No great if you: are looking for a Starbucks equivalentGreat if you: need a high five and a hug
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/9/2014,86,213,5,9,7>My son recently started taking boxing classes at Sonny's. I found out that they offered a chick boxing class. I really wanted to try it but I was afraid that I would not be able to do it and that everyone in the class would be way more physically fit than me. What I found was a great group of women and men. Some are very fit and others are like me. I'm getting a great workout every day in a super positive and supportive environment. Sonny encourages us to work at our own pace and to start out with lower weights/reps to prevent injury. One of the things I like best about this class is that I do push myself and it is really built on simple principles of work hard for the reward. I have seen some huge results from some of the other women who have been taking the class for a while and I am really looking forward to seeing where I am in a few months. After just a few weeks I am already noticing a difference in what I can do. Oh by the way it is super reasonably prices to take the class. You can either pay $5 for each class or a flat rate of $60 per month. Well worth it for what you get. Hope to see you there!
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/8/2014,655,756,5,8,7>This is not that bad of a place, this area really doesn't have to many burger joints. Besides your usual fast food franchise. I drive down McDowell a lot and never noticed this place until recently. I think this place recently opened?Their menu really reminds me of Douglas Burgers in California, very wide selection. From your Burgers and fries to Burritos and Tacos. And everything else in between. This location was very clean and the people working there was very courteous. I was hungry, so I had a carne asada taco, and a chili burger. I was very satisfied with this. Might not be the best, but it was just fine. Their chili burger actually reminded me of Tommy's Burger, of course another Cali's burger shack. Overall I was very satisfied, and will come back from time to time.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/7/2014,330,151,4,11,7>I love pomegranate seeds so why would Pomegranate Cafe be any different? This little mix matched spot is adorable, it's what my Pinterest boards dream to look like. Wooden tables, chairs with fresh words on them, mason jars EVERYWHERE and all fresh ingredients to boot.    I've had a sun warrior smoothie and the Raw! Tacos which were to die for. The walnut meat was spicy and delicious wrapped up in cabbage leaves. I'm hooked on their food pairings and the vibe they give off. P. S. Their dessert selection is to die for. Lemon bars? Gluten free goodness.
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,8/6/2014,83,88,18,7,8>I pretty sure I had a good time here.  I can't say I'm positive because of the beer I had.  Thankfully I took a picture of the menu so I know what beer to blame, or thank, for this night I no longer remember.  Shmaltz He'Brew Jew Reborn at an ABV% of 17.0.I do remember really liking the table I had, a great view of the sunset and I had an awesome burger, the Ivan.  Once I made it halfway though the beer though the night fades away in my memory. I'll have to go back to verify I did like this place, and maybe take more notes or something while I try the Reborn again.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,8/5/2014,827,495,7,6,7>Yes it's on Indian School and it's in the Avenues, but don't let that scare you because this is a great place to play and watch indoor soccer. My 8-year-old is playing in a league here and I've known other friends who've either played themselves or watched their kids play throughout the years. The facility is older, but the field is in good shape and they have everything you could want. Spectator seating is upstairs and its fun to watch the kids run around. Downstairs you have the team dugouts along with restrooms and a food and games area with windows facing the field, pinball games and an air hockey game. One nice thing is that if you're in the mood, the snack bar even serves beer and it's pretty cheap!They also have a full service soccer store with great prices and a great selection of clothes, shoes, and gear.So next time its over 100 degrees out and you and your kids start complaining about it being too hot to do anything, think about signing up for an indoor soccer league. They start every other month or so and playing in the air conditioning is a great way t stay in shape and get out of the heat!
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2007,4/27/2008,38,104,8,7,8>I drove by the Coach House Tuesday morning at 6am on my way to pick up my car from Old Town (another story), and there were people sitting outside boozing like college kids on Saturday night.  This is the scene every day, as many 3rd shifters come to tip a few back after work, while the rest of us are walk-of-shaming it home.  God Bless this weird place.  I once saw a 60 year old man plow his Harley into the side of the white picket fence that seperates CH from the rest of society and almost lost a leg.  Me, not him.  I dont think he would have felt it if he had lost his leg anyway.  It was great.  It was also still light out.Super strong drinks from Hans on the patio and a bill worthy of small town northern Michigan (read: cheap as hell), this "scottsdale dive" as another reviewer wrote, is just my cup of tea.  Tacky christmas decor inside, digital jukebox, huge patio, and the kind of people-watching that can only be found at CH, this Indian School and Goldwater bar is perfect for any drinking occasion--day, night or latenight.  You can even stop in after you grab your car in the morning.  ;)
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,4/26/2008,332,375,8,9,10>I took my very first ever "dance class".-- disclaimer: I took JAZZ when I was 6 years old, even then I hated myself in a leotard.  Anyhow, they have an introductory offer right now for Virgins.4 classes for $40this is 2 private 20 min lessons1 40 min dance party (group)1 40 min specialty classThey are all so nice and welcoming and treat you so well.  I mean come on, it's scary to take lessons right?  But they really teach you and walk you thru.  After the introductory price, it is expensive, but really seems worth it.KIANA was our instructor and she was wonderful, I highly recommend her.  Very sweet and a great teacher.I have to say at the dance party tonight, I did some salsa moves and I think my waist is 1 inch smaller.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,4/25/2008,15,15,6,7,11>Sounds of stirring, lunchnears and my appetite waitsmy neighbor enters.Quick we drive to itA simple place but look-busy!Still no wait to sit.Varied menu greets usI choose the daily specialFood like its home-made.Service is friendly.Order comes quickly to you,Owners always smile.Soon it's time to gomy thoughts turn food away, but lookmy wallet not empty.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2008,4/24/2008,164,512,6,7,5>Yum, Yum, Yum.It's spicy, so wussies take note. I LOVE their blue corn enchiladas.... they're served on a big plate and all the sides run together and you can't tell what is what... MMM!Their chicken enchiladas are also top notch.Yum.Highly recommended, especially for those with taste buds of steel :)
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2008,4/23/2008,27,51,5,12,9>Dinner. This visit was premeditated. I fasted for most of the day and abandoned the health-conscious mentality. My stomach was stirring up mixed feelings prior to the long drive to this place, due to some who did, or did not like Fogo E Brasa. Thoughts: 1) hope the drive is worth it, and 2) being challenged by hungerSo, arrived around 8ish, snooped around the salad bar while slyly checking out the meats in the kitchen. Salad bar was alright... you can have potato or pasta salad any day, so I skipped that. The fresh calamari looked appetizing, but it seemed as if everybody had picked out all the "good" parts. I think it was scallop ceviche, or some shellfish ceviche... it was good. But again, the good parts had been captured. Were served sides of rice, beans, pico de gallo, and breaded bananas. I thought I would enjoy the slightly carmelized, fried plantains that I'm used to, but unfortunately, not here. Onto to the M E A T.  And, into my intestines, still slowly digesting: ham, chicken enveloped in bacon, barbecue chicken, sausage (slightly dehydrated, but okay), trip tip, garlic steak (hm... this thing was tough, and will ignore next time), sirloin, prime rib, and lamb (favorite, prepared well- tender, pink middle, familiar aroma).Whoa, and you would think, after those generous cuts of meat, I'd be done. Not quite yet. Of course, you need to round it out with something to cleanse the palate. So, behold the cart of desserts. I chose the tiramisu, and I guess the gal sensed my hungry eyes, and gave me a large piece of this tiramisu. It was good tiramisu, but I couldn't taste the undertones of rum. I'll have to say I've had better. I consumed copious amounts of water thanks to the attentive waiters. Also had some red, and capirinha to aid the flow of food in system, and lilliputian-sized espresso to end the night. Now, I'm just feeling all sorts of lethargy and other things that prevent me from being productive. My initial thoughts were tended. I'll drive here again, and the food did, indeed conquer me. I won't be hungry for days.
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2008,4/21/2008,17,15,7,9,7>One day I asked my mother if she wanted to go out to lunch. I work about 15 minutes away from her, and in the interest of saving time I told her to recommend a place we could go near her. She said she had a coupon for this place where she'd had fry-bread tacos with her friends a while ago. My inner self said: "Um... fry-bread... taco? That sounds... odd. Fry-bread. Those were the things we ate at school carnivals with honey and powdered sugar right? So... now it's in taco form? Erm... sounds... gassy." What I said to my mother was something like "Ok. Sounds great." Upon going inside the first thing I noticed was that we were the only people in the place who weren't Native Americans. This is a good thing because you can be pretty sure it's authentic, no matter what you order. The menu is short, but hearty. You indeed can get the old sugar covered fry-bread like you had as a kid if you want it. There are also a bunch of other toppings like ice cream, chocolate syrup and cinnamon as well to make your sweet tooth ache if you so desire.In addition to the sweets, they had Navajo Tacos, Apache Tacos, and my personal favorite the Red Chile and Green Chile Meat Tacos. Tribal Burgers as well as Hominy Stew round out the menu. What a great change of pace the food is! I was very pleasantly surprised when I ordered the Green Chile Meat Taco. It's massive. They allow you to order a half size too, but I'm a man right? I gotta eat the full size. The meat is delicious, and the seasoning will wake you up without making you sweat too profusely. Both the Green Chili and the Red Chili are great and very satisfying. Despite my concerns, the slightly sweet fry-bread mixed with the spicy meat was an excellent combination of flavors. If you're looking for something different, but familiar at the same time you owe it to yourself to check this place out. Location-wise it's not in a great area, but serviceable. It's in a strip mall with a big FedEx/Kinko's attached to it and across from a Food City and a 99 cent store. My only gripes are that the menu is kind of sparse and if you go into the place in a suit and tie (my work outfit) you'll get looked at funny. Just dress casual and enjoy.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2007,4/19/2008,13,14,1,4,9>Ok. Ok. Chris Bianco is one of the most humble people I have met in a long time, and his food is orgasmic...but my *only* gripe about the restuarant is that I often feel like my table is on top of someone else's table. However, the food and wine (You MUST hit up Bar Bianco during your 1hr+ wait) makes up for the lack of intimacy. I would say that I could recommend it for a first date, because you will spend at least an hour waiting for a table, so grab a bottle of wine and chat, however once seated in the restuarant, the lazy romantic atmoshere diminishes. Great food, and the service is even better. It's is totally worth the wait.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,4/18/2008,44,30,9,8,8>Well this place is a staple in my diet.  while currently training for the ironman AZ, it is critical to meet certain dietary restrictions.   These consist of high carb, high protein, fiber, and solid hydration.  I have eaten at Saigon Nites more than 500 times and that is no exaggeration.  Minh and his wife (the owners) treat you like family when you walk in.  I live and die on their Chicken Pho soup and shrimp summer rolls like Eugene mentioned in the previous review.  when you order the pho, you can order it "ZACK STYLE" and they will know what you are talking about and probably give you a hug.  Also ask to see pictures of Brandon and Brandelina, two of the cutest little Vietnamese kids ever to set foot in North America :).  Back to the food for a second.  The menu is very diverse offering fish, chicken, meat, vegetarian and they can prepare it any style you wish.  Light oil, heavy sauce, no sauce etc.  Extremely accommodating.  Also another disclaimer, I have no vested interest in this restaurant solely a patron and advocate so they can expand their family business throughout the valley.  On a off day, I will order the vermicelli noodles with egg rolls and pork (not kosher) but don't tell my mom.....  I also ask for extra roughage.  The portions are huge and you will leave more than satisfied.  Back to the Pho preparation, if you like hot and spicy you can doll this soup up so much you will need your own Kleenex.  Their jalapenos are hotter than Heidi Klum and Angelina Jolie put together.  I have seen bald men cry off their foreheads into the soup.  Be careful with the jalapenos, sirachi sauce and there are two other red hot sauces on the table. proceed with caution.  I have noticed 2 maybe 3 hair grow on my chest since my ingestion with the red smooth sauce in the glass container.  This is only for grown men and women alike.   My last suggestion is for the lemongrass chicken extra sauce.  I prefer this over noodles versus the rice and has a potent sauce that is delicious.  I am salivating now writing this review.  As my office is across the street, many times I dine alone.  Next time you stop in there for lunch, have a seat at my table and order it up Zack style and guaranteed you will leave happy and "pho".  Zack
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,4/16/2008,534,573,6,11,11>I came across Sarah's paintings and art work while visiting the Artist's Cottage at the Farm at South Mountain. Sarah is the artist in residence at the studio. I met her while she was preparing to showcase her work the weekend of my visit.I'm certainly an art novice. Although I've done a little bit of painting and drawing, what I have done is no comparison to Sarah's artistic talent. She is a delightful person to talk with. Her paintings and drawings softly play with light and had me reminiscing of some wonderful childhood memories.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2008,4/14/2008,17,23,6,8,>Where do you go when you are extremely hungry, have a yen for asian food and only have $13 to spend?  As long as you don't mind the sparse and tacky feel of being in a place that looks like it used to be a dime store in it's prior life then The Great Wall could just be the place.Hey, ambience costs more.  The buffet is $9.95; drinks (soda, milk, tea) is extra.  The waitresses are very attentive and refill drinks without being asked at no additional charge.Come when they first open.  You may have to wait a few minutes for them to finish bringing out all the food but it's worth the wait.  At least you will have first pickings and it's all fresh.Lots of dim sum in addition to what you expect to see at Panda.  They throw in a little Japanese tempura and a little Thai just for good measure.  All the dishes are marked clearly and indicate whether it's hot or spicy.  Personally, I am partial to the baby octopuss, crab puffs and baos.  For the kiddies there is some "American" fare like salad, jello and egads, chicken nuggets.It's kinda funny really, but if you are not picky, what the heck.This is not gourmet by any means, but they won't try to chase you out and they are kid friendly.If buffet is not your "thing" they do have a regular menu, but why bother?
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/6/2012,156,158,16,15,10>"Oh.My.God" -says I"what?!" -replies friend"What in God's name is a Brulee burger!?!"I quickly grabbed a paper menu off of the clean counter near the cash register and flipped open to the burgers.  I know what brulee means, burnt sugar, but how could this relate to a burger.  In my wildest sugary dreams I could have never dreamt of this.  A burger, delicious and meaty, on a very nice toasty bun, with Havarti cheese, Havarti people(!), bacon, porky crispy salty bacon, a fried egg, runny and delicious, and yes, BURNT SUGAR!"Two please...wait, no no, one, two would be silly.....(but if my friend wasn't here to witness this I would probably get 7)  and sweet potato tots please"What saint, what angel, what GOD could create this masterpiece?  What twisted sugary mind could come up with this concoction?  If ever I meet the mad scientist who put together this beautiful monster I am liable to leave my husband and marry them.  And their shakes looked really good too, I'll get one next time.
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,4/5/2012,586,358,8,17,5>Unless I'm in Vegas, I don't do buffets. So you should take my 4 star review for a buffet like it's an 8 star review from someone who normally goes to buffets. Like I said, I don't do buffets outside of Vegas, but when another food obsessed friend who also doesn't eat at buffets begged and pleaded with me to check out Jasmine Tokyo, I knew something was up. I opened my Yelp app, read the many positive reviews, and saw they even had a Check-In offer for $5 off. Sold!Jasmine Tokyo is located near Scottsdale Road and Shea, where the old Claim Jumper used to be. It's $20 for dinner and I believe $12 for lunch. The Asian calamari, walnut shrimp, stuffed shrimp, chicken skewers, and beef dishes were some of my favorites. They were all seriously awesome and I went back up to refill my plate at least twice. Also very good were the many varieties of sushi (they even offered sashimi!). For desert they offered a variety of cakes, such as chocolate, german chocolate, cheesecake, and I think lemon. They also had vanilla, chocolate, and rice puddings. Cookies, fresh fruit, jello and more!I chowed down at Jasmine Tokyo and I am looking forward to my next visit! I didn't get to try the crab legs, Mongolian stir fry, and some of the other beef and seafood options, but I feel I had my share and left very satisfied. Check it out, even if you are anti-buffet like me.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/4/2012,540,167,19,10,10>So. Hula's Modern Tiki... I was at Hula's MT the night I met Porn Star Ron Jeremy.I was at Hula's MT the night I found out how to forgive a family member for murdering their lesbian lover in their sleep in Nebraska. I was at Hula's MT the really inspiring time I heard that song from the movie Rad, Send Me an Angel (by Real Life, 1989). I was at Hula's MT the time I witnessed a family of four drink 5 Volcano bowls. I've written there. I've been cold. Hot. I've seen Keely there probably 100 times. I've ordered things not on the menu and found no phlegmy aftertaste. I've had a birthday party there.I've been to a birthday party there. I fell into a wall after leaving there. I've had caffeinated beer there. I've had un(not de)caffeinated beer there.I've found it to be delicious and drunk. Get the black been burger. You're welcome. Get the Scorpion Bowl. Don't drink and drive. Do have a pulled back hair holder.
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,4/3/2012,110,72,5,9,7>As you walk into this friendly little Deli Packed to the ceiling with what you can expect to find in any establishment that calls itself an Italian style Deli in the heart of Manhattan. . . Only in the north part of Phoenix. The owner and his wife have been bringing this authentic NY experience to AZ for around 35 years. All the Cheeses! The LASAGNA ! The Garlic bread!
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,4/2/2012,752,378,9,10,9>Thank you thank you thank you !! I  want to thank the people that made this place happen ....you have made all my dreams come true. Imagine a delicious yogurt shop with super fun flavors like peanut butter, chocolate mint, cake batter and so many more.  I used to have to travel to  Yogurtland or Jujuberry  but not anymore , now we have one right in the hood!! Guess what?   instead of eating a normal lunch I can pig out with a healthy peanut butter yogurt smothered in chocolate chips.   Could be the perfect lunch!!  See you there!
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,4/1/2012,189,498,3,9,8>I had seen the signs up as I went by for a while not knowing it was an already established owner.  Then I saw Daren's review and decided to try the place.  It is sort of tucked in behind the pizza place which occupies most of the building.  The business name does not fully describe the wide variety of stuff available on the menu.I arrived a few minutes early and the doors were wide open and everything was ready for business.  The counter person/server was very friendly.  I got the chicken Caesar pita sandwich with a salad and soda fountain.  Service is fast casual where you order at the counter and they bring it to you.  The restaurant is bright and airy and clean.  It was a lovely fall day outside so I chose to sit on the shaded patio.  I am going to nitpik a little because I cannot find much to fault; the Caesar dressing was a bit too vinegary for my taste and I would prefer more Feta on my salad.  I'll definitely be back to try some more stuff on the menu.
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,3/31/2012,200,261,4,10,9>Spinato's just opened in Ahwatukee and you would think it was the first and only restaurant this side of South Mountain from all of the people there.  The place was packed!  However, it was our lucky day when our friends got there just in time to get us a prime spot at a bar table!There were servers and staff everywhere, so even though the confusion of opening night was obvious, everyone was having a great time and there were plenty of people helping out so it didn't really matter.  We ordered a few appetizers and four personal (7") pizzas.  The Trio of Meatballs appetizer was awesome!  Huge meatballs in a delicious vodka sauce (that is fantastic as a dipping sauce for any type of bread or pizza crust, so ask for a side) for only $3.99!The BF had the "Here's the Beef" pizza which looked meaty and delicious.  I probably would have had a bite, but my Da Greek pizza was overflowing with fantastic toppings (feta, kalamata olives, pepperoncini, spinach, and tomatoes) that I didn't want anything to mess with the flavors.Every day is a different daily drink special and $2 PBR all day, every day.I would say that I can't wait for the place to calm down so I can go back, but to be honest, I don't really care.  I'll go back even if it is just as busy as opening night.  The food was wonderful, the service was great, and the atmosphere is something I wanted to be part of.  The only bad part about Spinato's opening in the Tuke is going to be deciding which of my favorite pizza joints I'm going to pick on any given night!
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,3/30/2012,116,237,9,12,6>The fiance and I were on a mission to surround ourselves with some comforts from home since we were unable to be home with our families in Cali on Easter. We decided to find a Filipino restaurant and see if it could compare to our mom's famous cooking (nothing ever does though, right?)We had the choice between Casa Filipina and Halo Halo Kitchen which are only a few blocks apart. For no known reason we decided to go with CF if only for the fact that it was closest to us at the time. This is not in our home area so it's unfamiliar territory for us but we ventured on until we found it in a run of the mill shopping plaza with a Big Lots (a nice bonus since it was actually open on Easter so we got to do some after lunch browsing).We didn't know what to expect from CF but we know we weren't disappointed. The small bakery opens up into a pretty good sized restaurant with a good amount of tables. There were several other parties there including what looked like an after church Easter family gathering of about 12. Good sign #1.We were greeted warmly and seated right away. We were surprised at the menu choices and excited about the options they had. Of course, there are some Filipino dishes we wished they had but hey, you can't have everything. What they did have was pretty darn good.We ordered the sisig [see-sig] (sauteed bits of pork with onions) and the pancit malabon [pon-sit muh-law-bone] (noodles with sauce, hard boiled eggs, shrimp and cruched chicharon, or pork rind chips, on top). I also got sago to drink (sweet syrupy drink with tapoica pearls and sweet rice jelly) b/c it made me think fondly of family parties when my dad would always make a punch bowl of the stuff. The food was flavorful and offered good portion sizes. It came with a hefty scoop of white rice, naturally. The entrees also come with a piece of sweet rice bread called puto - i know, i know, not the best name for those of you who speak Spanish but that's what it's called, really! Random factoid: I learned this little double meaning when I got in trouble in 3rd grade for bringing puto to my class for the multicultural pot luck. Much explaining was done at that time too so I figured I'd include it here. Just an FYI.One thing to note is that the food will take a little while to come out so be prepared. The server warned us in advance and was very apologetic about the wait but I have to say this....every Filipino restaurant I have been to that has heat lamps and premade food has been wrong on so many levels. Legit Filipino food is not quick to make and not good when you make it in large batches and just have it sit there waiting for someone to order it. So, just be patient and know that it's worth the wait. Since we are constantly trying new places we will surely be trying other Filipino joints in the area but we will also be going back to CF for some good food to make us feel at home.
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,3/29/2012,105,67,6,9,7>Fatso's is great!  It is a small pizza joint, and while it isn't fancy or glamorous by any stretch of the imagination, it is the perfect place to grab some wings, pizza and beer.  We live close by and come to Fatso's often.  There are several things that keep us coming back.  The Gus....so simple, yet so delicious.  The perfectly crusty bread loaded with sharp cheddar, lean roast beef and fresh jalapenos is undeniably one of favorite sandwiches of all time (check it out Nader!).  Their honey barbecue wings are awesome.  The sauce is made in-house and it is remarkable.  Think sweet, smokey barbecue with a spicy kick.  The wings are baked, an added bonus for me.  The thin crust pizza is good, but don't go in expecting a New York Style pie.  Add fresh garlic to your pizza of choice and you will never want to eat a garlic-less pizza again!Fatso's has a surprisingly large selection of beers on tap and a number of bottled craft beers (Stone, Rogue, etc.).  Lastly, treat yourself to a Fat Cookie.  It is100% worth the thousands of crunches you'll need to do to work it off!
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/28/2012,493,165,16,15,11>"I Like Big Buns and I can't lie" I Saw A Nice Pair of Buns at Original Wineburger.   they are toasted and shinny, check the website for your self, if you a bun guy like me.  The Owner told me that he has one location and is not affiliated with any of the other Wineburgers.      I knew i was in for a real hamburger that I can't make at home.  Im very skeptical of the next burger spot since there's ten's of thousands of places offering the same promise of a great burger.What stands out, the size the there burger is inviting and all the ingredients were fresh.The place was packed when I entered and now I know why.  Its a cool look, the bar has the stove right behind it so its like your in a kitchen and bar at the same time.  Original Wineburger has truly stood the test of time and continues to please its customers with a great burger.  I m ready  to go back to order more of the items, the price is set to what you want, know I see why it starts at a moderate price and skyrockets, an $20 burger, anyone else have the confidence to sell at this price?  PS Mr. One star, one star review named  LAry,1.0 star rating2/6/2012"F*cking Terrible - Got Sick as Dog After Eating there Food"1st of all your Language, uncalled for, and I'm not a qualified grammar police but the use of "there" i think you wanted to say  to be their?  So LAry if that's your real name, yelp people will give you credibility when you have a photo of your self and more than 0 friends.  These are the reviews that discredit yelp.com, poorly written and possibly fake.  Sincerely, Kevin
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,3/24/2009,122,215,4,9,12>Fine's Cellar is offering 50% off their entire food menu on Mondays until June so we had to check it out last night.  We ordered 3 apps: duck confit bratwurst w/sauerkraut, mac & cheese trio (blue cheese, truffle oil, peas & pancetta), pigs in a blanket (pork belly & caramelized onions wrapped in crepe); and a salad - Caesar b/c of the deepfried anchovy but was disappointed to find it lacklustre and cold. This dish was our least favorite with no eggs or bacon to be found. Romaine was left whole, just chopped in half lengthwise - didn't have enough dressing coverage this way.  All we tasted were the parmigiano shavings which overwhelmed the plate.and one main - Bacon crusted ribeye on blue cheese hash browns (requested w/o blue cheese). This was our favorite.  Ribeye was crusted with a tasty green substance which must have been the bacon.  Hash browns were very crispy.  Dish had lots of flavor and texture and begged for a glass of big red wine to accompany it.The food came out fast (probably b/c we went at 9:30 and they were ready to close up). Bites were not bad and many featured cheese, esp blue.  The star was definitely the ribeye on hash - very tasty ($28 before discount so only $14 after).  We'll be back on Mondays with this good a deal.
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2008,3/23/2009,1313,191,39,29,28>Hippies scare me.     So in my preparation to go to this place I ordered Xanax from an on-line Canadian pharmacy, which I have been taking for three days now.  Bought a tazer from Spy Headquarters in case one of them tries to hold me down and pours patchouli oil on me.  The fifth of gin that I slammed in the parking lot really helped with that last bit of extra courage that I needed to partake my journey into hippie-land.It was all for nothing. No hippies around, just a teenager behind the counter.  This place is tiny and the counters are about at mouth level. I don't know how anyone under 7'6" could easily eat off of them.  Anyways for $5 flat, you get a kick ass burger, a school lunch bag half full of well seasoned skin-on fries, and a can of soda.   It's true that the fries could have been a bit more crispy but they tasted so good I got over it real quick.I'd be afraid to ask what the special ingredient is because they might say "it's organic, don't panic".  Jerry's dead, but this place lives on.  Thanks hippies!
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,3/22/2009,176,83,13,14,12>So I really wanted to Yelp something today. So, a buddy (@groovypucks) and I went to Thai Lahna.  I noticed it had a LOT of reviews and still maintained a pretty reputable score!  Hey, its only a block or two from work, so why not?We get there and are immediately seated which in my opinion is rare.  For the rave reviews, I noticed it was kind of 'dead' for a lunch crowd.  A few old people and the owners were all I really noticed.  We get a booth seat (I love booth seats.  If I could work, sleep and eat in a booth seat, I would die a happy man) so I am already getting excited.  Groovypucks and I take way too long looking at the menu and finally decide on our dishes (which we accompanied with a Thai Tea).  I asked to make my curry spicy(#36 Yellow Curry Chicken with Green Beans), and it WAS!  Almost too spicy, but I attribute that to my lack of experience with their dishes.  If I were to order it again, I would order it medium.Groovy got a Peanut and Chicken dish (#35) with onions and peppers.  I tried a bit, as I am comfortable in my sexuality, and I really liked it.  It was Damn good! That's right, Capital D!  The service for the rest of the meal was below par, but not to the point that it was annoying.  It just took a little too long to get my food and my check at the end......And with this review I leave you with my fortuneIf strength were all,tiger would not fear scorpion.
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2009,3/21/2009,108,56,7,11,5>five stars is simply not enough.i was always scared to try this place. i don't even think i knew it was still a functioning restaurant. i'm glad i was wrong.
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,3/20/2009,5,31,3,7,4>If you want an authentic experience, if you really want to feel like you have some manner of ethnic experience, you need to come to Haji Baba.  It's a little middle-eastern market.  It's a corner grocery.  It's a family-run restaurant.  It's freaking good.  The hummus is pretty good, with fresh-made pita.  The feta cheese app is really good.  The chicken shawerma plate is top-notch, and my god is there a ton of food.  Heck, order the gyros plate for around $6 and when it arrives, mounds of succulent meat, tzsaziki sauce, rice and Greek salad, go ahead and take a bite before you decide to pull a Johnny Depp from Once Upon a Time in Mexico and go back to kill the cook because it's just too good.  It's cheap, it's filling, it's quality, and it's ridiculous that it's not packed from open to close.  Good ol' Haji Baba.
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/17/2008,3/19/2009,4,3,7,12,10>The best place to skip work and goofy golf in the spring and summer. Sure, it's a little musty, old, run-down... but it's a slice of my childhood and at least it's still here. I can't gather the courage to ride the roller coaster anymore and bumper cars just aren't as appealing as they once were but the two story arcade still makes me squeal a little.The golf is great too! I would suggest playing courses one through three. The last two times I've been we played course four and three and four has the least amount of attractions. Courses one and two are busiest, so it's a choice between being stuck behind a bunch of kids or some really un-fun holes.Oh, and they do have a black and white photo booth.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2009,3/18/2009,228,191,15,18,18>I loved this place I saw some really pretty drinks and Guiness on tap yay! We were all wearing our tiara's of course for Allison's bday and everyone was super nice here! The barback was way HAWT anyone know if he's straight or not cuz he kept talking to us lol!?!? This has got to be my fav place down town my only gripe is the ladies bathroom could use a little more TLC the floor was pretty dirty, maybe a rug by the door!?!? I had no idea ladies shoes could attract so much dirt!! I cant wait to come back here!! Thanks for bringing us here Amanda!!
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,3/17/2009,22,66,1,12,9>A friend of mine tipped me off to this place and being a soup- lover, I had to try it. The selection is minimal- 3 soups per day at the moment. Today's selection was chilled zucchini, real chicken noodle, and Caribbean black bean. I opted for the black bean, and I was not disappointed. The beans were perfect- not mushy like some bean soups can be. The flavors were all very distinct but blended together perfectly. Yum. The soups come in different sizes, with an 8 oz. bowl for $5.25. (that would be the small size) Saltines, lavosh or bread (from Simply Bread) with olive oil or butter come on the side. Everything is organic, and extremely fresh. No cans here. Beverage options include a few different bottled waters, a selection of hot or iced teas, and seasonal smoothies. A BYOB liquor license is in the works. The dining area is sparse, with three tables, but it seemed like quite a bit of business was done for take-out orders. As an FYI- they take orders for soup pick-up, and will even arrange to be there if you want to come after work. Pretty cool, considering they're currently open from 10-2. I would love to see a bigger selection of soup, but the place is only a few weeks old and the owner assures me that there is much more to come. I can't wait to find out what it is.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/11/2008,3/16/2009,36,29,16,7,10>I am not on the Chris Bianco bandwagon. I think his pizza is ok, but not nearly worth an hour wait, let alone the 3 to 4 hour actual wait. But one thing that MF can make better than anyone else is fresh mozzarella. I love mozzarella.So, without the wait, I can head to Pane Bianco and get a mozzarella sandwich with fresh basil and tomatoes on Bianco's fresh baked bread (it all sounds very fresh).Don't ask me about any other sandwich because I don't know. Nor do I care. Fresh mozzarella. Some people talk about the goat cheese sandwich. Who cares? Fresh mozzarella!Most people think of pizza when they hear Chris Bianco. All I can think of is fresh mozzarella.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,3/15/2009,0,1,6,10,11>I moved to Phoenix almost a year ago and have been to a few different salons (always leaving unhappy or thinking my hair looked just  'ok').  Then I found Lauren Hart, owner of The Root.  If anyone, anywhere, knows about coloring hair, it's Lauren.  From the moment I sat down in her chair she knew exactly what to do to transform my hair into what I was looking for.  Lauren is all about keeping the hair healthy (which I love) and she keeps up to date on the latest techniqes and color lines!  Emily Claire, Lauren's Apprentice is also wonderful, very friendly and gives a GREAT scalp massage!  Another stylist Roxanne, colored and cut someone's hair in the chair next to me (which I saw from start to finish), talk about AWESOME!  If you are looking for a small salon with a very talented Owner and Staff, The Root is for you!  I finally LOVE my hair and have already booked my next appointment!
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2008,5/17/2008,27,24,2,7,7>This is my first review!! Anyway... Humble Pie. My co-worker and I went for lunch today after reading the mixed reviews on here, and I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised. I love Pizza, and if it was socially acceptable for me to eat it for every meal, I really would; I think that Humble Pie definitely meets my standards. We sat outside on the patio, which normally I would love, accept for the mister/fan system combo, which made my straight- but naturally curly hair- frizz up in seconds. I was surprised to see the place relatively empty for 12:15 during the week, but I guess it's still "new." Our server, a young guy, greeted us right away with glasses of water, and had our other drinks to the table in seconds. Note to Humble Pie: if you leave the sweetener packets on the mystified tables- the sugar clumps together and doesn't come out of the packets! We ordered the Chopped Vegetable Salad to start and it was amazing! Not heavy, a little tangy, a great mixture of veggies (Asparagus, white beans, cherry tomatoes'), and the cheese was amazing! I'm a big fan of the chopped lettuce! Next, we shared two Pizza's: Chicken Pesto with Leaks and the other was a simple Margahrita. Both, were very good! The mozzarella was fresh, the tomato sauce on the Margarita was tangy and smooth, and the Chicken on the Pesto Pizza was moist and delicious! Everything was seasoned perfectly and the crust had the perfect amount of crunch. The pizza's are small, so I walked away feeling very satisfied and definitely wanting to go back! I bet at night this place is going to be packed! Hurray for Humble Pie!!
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,5/16/2008,458,172,6,5,9>Oh my...how I can't wait to go here again.  (Hint Hint Sarah G)Anyway...I just thought that the atmosphere was just awesome.  I loved the set up and the whole feel of the place.I have to say it was so hard to chose what I wanted to eat...knowing that it was lunch, I decided not to go with the pasta (zzzzzzzz) and had the Quiche of the Day (Spinach and Mushroom) that came with a regular salad and a fruit salad.  (I felt so healthy...minus the ranch I habitually drown my salad in...)  I even tried Sarah G's salmon...(first time trying it...and I just had salmon tonight...thank goodness House of Tricks was my first try of salmon...)I really really want to come here again and try another dish and the dessert!A little negative on the parking...but what do I expect from Downtown Tempe.When Sarah G gives her reviews...she will have pics!!!
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,5/15/2008,197,146,13,9,12>I should hate you, Lola. You force me to do things I don't want to do. Such as get drunk and eat until I explode.I had no intention of getting tipsy, but your Sangria was so good that I drank the entire pitcher of red AND white. WTF? I don't even like wine.  I had no intention of eating so much that I got sick, but I couldn't resist eating every single garbanzo bean and spinach leaf in sight. Ugggggg. Tummy ache.But worth it.
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,5/14/2008,17,28,4,5,4>So, you know, Claim Jumper is a chain and stuff. I never go here of my own volition but occasionally when a group of work people want to go, I tag along. The food has always been just okay. But THEN. Today, on a lark, I tried the veggie burger, and WOW, it was just amazing. I mean, amazing. It was a Boca burger topped with tomato, avocado, caramelized red onions, garlic mayo, and gouda, which I switched out for goat cheese. Seriously, this thing was heaven. My one complaint is that it was served on very heavily toasted toast, which I don't think the menu indicated, and I HATE sandwiches on toast. This one was delicious enough to make up for the toast thing, but next time I'll ask for it on a roll instead. I could only eat half of this deliciousness and took the rest home in a box -  it came with a fairly large side salad for $9, which I considered to be a steal. I never thought I'd say this, but I can't wait to go back to Claim Jumper.
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/15/2007,5/13/2008,275,351,10,10,8>3 and a half, reallyMy first experience at BS West was at a GLAAD event with my lady friend from outta state to experience gay Snobbsdale...for charity!! And booze!It was really hard to find this place and we just opted for 5 buck valet service rather than dealing with the headache of parking on a Friday night in Scottsdale. We had to wander around some guys in tuxes playing classical music outside some chi chi restaurant (?) before finally finding BS West. Since I had paid for our membership to GLAAD, we got to go upstairs and start boozin. Absolut drinks FREE-all right! I even got some nifty Absolut rainbow sweat bands (sweeeet for tennis!) and I liked the bartenders a lot. Unfortunately there were like NO ladies...or they were straight. Snark. We still had a great time, and I had to go to Mickeys Hangover near by to eat something, that is  how much free booze I consumed. Other times I have been here has been on Wednesdays-omg, the pheremones here are lavish. Oozing with testorone and doin' it juice. And of course...no ladies who like ladies. Well, maybe one lady couple. Out of a thousand gay guys. Sigh. But it was 2-4-1 night and I got rightly hammered. The bartenders here are super nice and never felt ignored-although you might get quicker service upstairs if you can manage the stairs. I dance, even though the dance floor isn't always jumping-I mean Fergie remix? I am there, ready to hump an unsuspecting male with a faux hawk! There is a smoking courtyard where it seems some hookups occur with ravishing frequency-jinkies! Who knew Marlboro reds incurred such ravenous carnal desires?Overall, a good time with friends with hardly any for the gay lady in your life...unless you spend that 35 bucks on GLAAD and get free booze at any GLAAD event (YAY! BOOZE FOR SOCIAL JUSTICE)...
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,5/12/2008,72,172,4,6,6>I just had such a good lunch.... mmmmmm   I had Eggs Benedict, Fez style.  Their version has french bread, ham, poached egg, hollandaise and sun dried tomatoes.  They serve a salad on the side and I substituted their sweet potato fries instead of fried red potatoes that usually come with. It was excellent.   I couldn't have had a better first visit to Fez.Fez during the day is bright, airy and beautiful.  The bar is comfortable, and the tables looked good too.  I look forward to being there in the evening.... and after the construction is done. For now, while the road is still a construction zone, don't let the black and yellow signs scare you away.  It isn't that hard to access, and the food and atmosphere are worth it.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,5/11/2008,151,367,29,12,7>Being in the fortuitous position to still 'get' a Spring Break, and moreover, get PAID cash-money to sit on my happy ass whilst my pen-salesman-esque  friends do important things in their offices, like make fake Wiki entries of their co-workers and cruise just barely SFW sites, i decided to buck my usual trend of waiting for something magnificent on the toob like Gailic Rules Football on Setanta or maybe even a little afternoon "drinking game Family Feud" and treck on over to Phoenix's most alluring dromedary.  Fuck me.  It was harder than I ever thought.  Those Bic bitches that are my friends apparently scale this shit like Doctor Octopus in their free time after work, and here I am with my seldom-used Nalgene bottle pushing my 190 pound frame up a very large vertical fucking rock like a goddam broken-legged donkey.  My unfairly fit girlfriend is doing cartwheels and all kinds of shit up the mountain and I'm waving her ahead, bound to my ship like Captain Smith on the sinking Titanic; "Go ahead ... can't move ... leave me here ... go ... dying."  Of course, after countless pre-teens and lawyer types with their kerchiefed labradors bounce right by me, I decide to pulley myself up using a carefully constructed mechanism that included my camera-string, a small boulder, and the aforementioned Nalgene bottle loop.  I navigate most of the way up, i think, before my better half comes waving down the mountain.  All hope for an Everest-like heroic push gone, I make my way back down again, promising to make up for my misgivings at Happy Hour, which I do.  My epic failure to summit, what amounts to a boulder in the hiking world, has led me to curse Camelback from my balcony vantagepoint, mocking me in the smoggy distance like Moby Dick to my Ishmael.  Still, it was pretty cool and can't wait to go back!
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,5/10/2008,848,353,6,11,7>I happen to LOVE the Bikini!  Went here the other night after my gig.  It was pretty empty (Wednesday night) UNTIL 11:30 when the place got a crowd.  I was wondering "Who the heck goes out this late on a Wednesday night?"You know it's becoming something more popular when the parking lot is filled with Audis and Beemers.  The bartender lady was a peach!  I like the high-top tables.  Kind of retro-metal and they were clean.  You'd notice if they were dirty because of the sheen.  The booth we were in was HUGE and really comfy.  The jukebox is pretty good, though they didn't have the Pantera I was looking for.  I don't think that's a Bikini fault, though.I like the mixed crowd.  It reminds me of the old Jugheads.  All walks of life and really nice people to talk to.  When I can go up to a stranger at a bar and shoot the shit for a moment, it's a cool place.Yeah, it may be a little stinky, but it's a DIVE BAR.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,5/9/2008,21,23,8,10,6>My heart is now filled with joy and happiness. What for, you may ask. Since moving out to AZ last year from Southern California (don't say Cali, that's in Colombia) I haven't been able to find a donut shop unless you want to call Basha's a donut shop. While driving down Arizona Ave one morning, the familiar smell of sugary goodness wafted into the open window of my car. DONUTS! Pulled a U-turn and wept with joy. All the familiar offerings were there. The apple fritters and cinnamon rolls the size of man hole covers, chocolate long johns, even the plain raised cake. I ordred an apple fritter and a raised cake. Absolutely, positively heaven in a little, white greasy bag!Go early because they only make so many of the bigger apple fritters and cinnamon rolls. The only "complaint" is that the coffee is nothing more than hot water with a brown crayon dipped in it to give it that coffee color. More cowbell!
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,5/8/2008,1313,191,9,11,12>I have taken two people here over the last few years, one to get their _____'s pierced and and the other one got her ____ pierced, (twice actually they had to re-do it over because it migrated).Very professional, and very helpful answering questions and walk you through the process of putting a needle through your skin without anesthesia.Yes the staff may be full of holes, stretched out, and tattooed from head to toe they still do a wonderful job so don't be scared.Who knows maybe someday I'll get a piercing for myself.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,9/15/2010,197,182,13,18,16>Really awesome tacos here. I ordered the black mole and the conchinita pibil tacos. One of each and a steak queso. I didn't expect everything to be so big so I really over did myself. The queso I figured was like a quesadilla but it really isn't anything like that. Closest description is a calzone sized gordita. And not the taco bell version. The cheese was gooey and the undercooked parts of the masa were delicious. It was awesome. I broke out the plastic utensils and went to town. Daunting none the less. But I managed to put down half of it before the coma kicked in The mole taco was delicious. The chicken was sliced and covered in red onion. The sauce was spicy and not sweet at all. And the whole thing melted in my mouth. The corn taco shells are soft and made to order. The conchinita pibil taco was full of flavor and dripped juices all over the basket. Delicious. The horchata is unbelievable. Full of fruit and pecans as well as cinnimon and nutmeg.the salsa bar is epic. there was at least 12 different salsas to try. the cilantro was really good. and i normally hate raw cilantro because i burp it. but this was excellent and really brought out the flavor of my food. also the strawberry salsa was hot with a hint of sweet and freshness. and the salsa peanut was very tasty. very. very.I'm buying a bike just to ride here.  A lowerider bike with two 20's in a trailer. So I can rock all the way there.for now condesa....you are in my top 10.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,9/14/2010,185,167,3,7,7>This was the location for a Bridal Shower I attended. The service was great! Our waiter even split the check...what? 25 different ways - that was awesome! The space they put us in was cozy and well lit. My food tasted great! I had their Brie, Marinated Artichoke, and Smoked Salmon (yes, I actually ordered fish!) Bruschetta; each had it's own flavor and textures and I liked them all, although I liked the Brie best.It was an interesting venue for a Bridal Shower, at times I think our group was a little too loud for the surrounding tables, and when the bride-to-be started opening her gifts...well, it's a family restaurant so I think everyone was a little embarrassed bystanders and invitees/gift-givers alike.Next time I come I will order an entire meal, this place was great.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,9/13/2010,229,141,10,8,8>You and everyone else that I have given second chances to are very lucky, Two Hippies. Because there are no thirds in my book. As I like to say, two and you blew gots ter goo. So.My first try of your wares was on a Friday night after Bikram's (I wanted to try this thing that fellow yogi, Donald S. calls "retoxify") and I was not impressed with what I ordered, but I did achieve retoxification. The fish tacos were "fishy" and their wasn't much flavor going for them or the rice. Now, class may have been harsh that night, but the second time around at Two Hippies was WAY better. I had the burrito this time, with black beans and the green beef. Ho' yeah! That hit the spot, and I was plenty full and happy, no sides needed. And mama got her suga fix with those delish Shirley Temples they have. It was so sweet I had to get a refill. Mmmph! Service was great both times, so no complaints about that!I love the look and feel of Two Hippies. It is like TGIF on all sorts of hallucinogenic drugs. Last night, Rada and I were looking all about as we waited on our food. Somehow we started comparing the cacti in the planters to penis sizes of my *ahem* men. So if you are one of those men, and ever read this review, which I highly doubt you will, there has been a cactus categorized as the size of your member out there in those potters someplace...But seriously, this place is so quirky! I look like I belong in here (picture to follow soon), I did grow up near the Haight-Ashbury, something probably rubbed off on me at some point, no? Have you ever seen how I dress when I'm not at an OYE? Distinctly Grunge-Bohemianish. And this is why I purposely don't let you see me outside of said events...
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,9/12/2010,197,332,4,10,8>my car was hit in the parking lot in June while i was sitting in the car. i was minding my own business- I was putting away my card in to my purse and moving purchases to the back seat. i felt the 10 mile impact from a car on the left side. whoa!  a white honda hit my left bumper while parking into the parking spot next to me. i get out of my car and the girl is a young girl..approx around 16 and she was very nonchalant about it.  my SUV is a 2003 but i have taken great car of it.  i feel it'sin good condition and her honda had tons of dings and scratches. THANK god she had insurance (her mom and dad's insurance).  i took pictures with my phone of the damage.. i was sort of bummed when i went home. I decided to call Bob from Valley east Collision. I got an estimate from Bob for the damage on the left side of my bumper and decided to go with him since he had such great reviews. I am so glad i went here because my SUV looks great!   I would highly recommend Valley east collision. Bob even gave me a free car wash coupon
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2009,9/11/2010,275,351,8,9,8>It looks like a meth warehouse, the temperature is hot inside, there is a lone bathroom, and obviously a work of love.I finally had a chance to visit this space last night to see the comedy troupe "Bully Mammoth", we found parking fine (while seeing a lot of ladies with wigs walking around) and it was a pretty easy building to find since it is a big warehouse structure. I was surprised to find the inside was a little cramped(since the outside looked so spacious?). The hallway/entrance where the ticket sales were located was cramped and cash only (understandably) led into a long and not very wide seating area. There were couches up against the walls, the seating was only about 6 seats wide and there was a raised area in back to see the show better. We luckily attained front row seats of the slightly raised smaller stage, which had an all curtained background.It was a great show (even though I got deer hide fur in my eye just when a hilarious skit came on, trapped in between laughing too hard to take the offending hair out of my eye causing me to cry as well-one hazard of sitting up close!), but it got pretty hot in there and with the actors under the hot lights sweating with all the body heat. When the show was over, there was a mad rush to the bathroom (only one, I found more toilet paper but not more paper towels, but fairly clean) and it was located in a room that had assorted furniture, futuristic paintings and an organ. (?). I am on their email list for writing workshops, plays and look forward to coming here for other events they put on, and def. to see Bully Mammoth again!
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2010,9/10/2010,239,156,6,14,9>One could assume from the name that they only serve the needs of larger animals or those critters considered "un-domestic" (e.g.: horses, chickens, goats, etc.)... But au contraire!!They have just about every brand of specialty dog and cat food imaginable... which just happens to comprise the bulk of my monthly grocery bill (ahem, yes I know I need a life)... but I digress.Not only do they carry these foods, but their prices are SIGNIFICANTLY lower than some of the other specialty shops and something I would associate normally with big box stores. So when I can save $30 to $35 dollars off a bag of dog food that I was previously paying $105 for - well let's just say you have my attention!They have the normal assortment of toys and treats for the little home bodies as well. It's not a huge selection, but very adequate. They also sell every imaginable vaccination for just about anything with four legs or the feathered two-legged variety.Then we move on to the things I don't know nearly as much about. They have just about anything you would need if you owned horses, pigs, goats, chickens, ducks, rabbits, etc. And I'm not talking just the pens to corral them, or the food to keep them all happy, but the actual critters as well. If you go, make sure you go in to the back where they have the hatchery to see all the little ones. They are way too cute!One half of the main store seems to be dedicated to horses and tack, but I have never owned one, so I can't really speak to that.Top this all off with their grooming services and this place is a virtual one stop destination for your pet needs!Overall I have found that my fondness for The Stock Shop has increased with every single visit. The staff is friendly (i.e.: they always make me put down my bag of food so they can carry it out to the car), they have all the big box benefits but are small and personable, they make it a point to ensure you know that if they don't have it they will get it for you at no additional cost, and you are going to spend way less money for the same exact product!!Love this place!
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,9/9/2010,129,543,6,8,11>Last night I was lucky enough to try out Crudo for the first time. The crew was soft-launching their dinner menu and offered a VERY special $15 price for a 3-course meal. Chrissy and Dottsy joined me for the 6PM reservation, so the evening was off to a great start. We were seated outside which was still a little chilly, but a small heat lamp was brought out and arranged by our table without our requesting it. Their standard menu will offer 3, 4, and 5 course options, at $30, $40 and $50 or you can offer off the menu. Keep in mind that our dinner was a preview, and the menu is not finalized yet. As of now the menu is divided into Freddo and Caldo options and I made my meal of the Butterfish with a citrus glaze, the Hamachi with black garlic and truffle oil, and the Risotto, which had a massive mushroom seared on top and (kind of gross to think about but tasty nonetheless) cock's comb. Yes, the red dangly bits of a chicken. blerg. The risotto was great though, if you didn't know about the cock's comb you would have though it was sauteed mushroom, so that's what I pretended. The Butterfish was great, super buttery and the citrus sauce was just the right note to set it off. Hands down my favorite plate was the Hamachi though, the texture and density of the yellowtail was perfect and the apples, truffle oil and black garlic on it were to die for. The wine list we were presented with numbered 5 wines with no prices, and while I'm a Bisol Jeio Prosecco fan I wasn't crazy about the red and white options, but I'm sure they are working on that. Our server was Lisa G, and her presence instigated an odd sort of tourettes in both Dottsy and Chrissy: "balls! balls! we love your balls! put your balls on the menu!"The service, by Lisa and the rest of the Crudo staff and chefs was perfect, perfectly timed, very welcoming, open to questions. I would gladly spend another couple of hours at Crudo enjoying their menu, it was really inspired.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2010,9/8/2010,732,344,12,12,14>tasty pasty!  my favorite part of my experience was the butter and the jam. DEEELISSHHHH. i could hardly make a dent in my pancakes but I couldn't just let that butter go to waste, so i put the rest of the butter on a piece of pancake and ate that. it would have been weird if i just ate the butter, but i would have. I got the rest to go and asked for extra butter to come along with it. I think the pancakes were amazing, but it could have just been that butter. I must have thought I hadn't eaten in years bc I also ordered the bacon which is the best bacon i've ever had. let's add that to my list of best part. bacon, strawberry jam, and butter. healthy eating at it's finest. I also had the homefries but they needed salt and didn't go well w the ketchup they are served with. I would go back and order strawberry jam toast,  mountain of butter, and 12 slices of bacon.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,9/7/2010,176,83,11,14,9>Focaccia Fiorentina, it sounds like a string of italian curse words but it tastes like a gift from the heavens...I went down here with Melissa because I had purchased a $2 coupon from that online place (wink wink) that let us buy $35 worth of food for only $10. Needless to say, after all the restrictions of the coupon (minimum 2 people, dine-in only), we had enough food for an italian army! Still, it only cost $10 and I was hungry!I got the #3 sandwich which had Genoa Salami, Moz, Tomatoes, on (you guessed it) Focaccia bread (pardon my french, er... italian). She got the #6 which had Turkey, and a bunch of other stuff that I can't remember.  We also ordered the Penne (something) Vodka.  You know you're an alcoholic when all you remember is the vodka part! Oh, and a large greek salad. Finally, we passed our $35 minimum and we sat down with all this food.People were staring at us all hateful like we stole this food from ethiopians or something! Geez! I didn't know there was a law against ordering this much food. We weren't going to eat it all there, I promise! We got boxes! Yes, Plural!The food was great, the lady that greeted us, not so much. We must have interrupted her break, because she was giving me the stink eye. Yes, can I order the #3? Ugh! Did you see that?!?!Why is it that Italians have the best of everything? The tastiest sandwiches, the tastiest pasta, the tastiest bread, the tastiest men... ahem, sorry. got carried away.  But its true! Everything about italy is awesome. Pizza! Anyway, this place has pizzas too. Maybe next time!
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,9/5/2010,752,378,11,19,16>Tonight we found our new little hole in the wall joint. Brand new at this location ( the owner has another in the camelback swapmart)  this is one sweet little find. Housed in a small restaurant that just opened in the beginning of January . Clean and neat as you enter this place ,  it seems ready to meet all your soul food needs. The menu offers such standards as fried chicken , fried catfish , ribs,  waffles and my new favorite  fried shrimp. We we first entered the service was a bit off , with many people coming in for take out and us sitting down we kind of got lost in the crowd. But soon our waiter got back to us with apologies and we were ready to start the meal.   For tonight's meal we had Catfish , cornbread , yams , fried shrimp, cabbage , beans and rice and sweet potatoe pie.   From the first taster we were happy with our choice to stop in. With tons of pepper and soul this food made us feel homestyle good. We were impressed with each item with exception to the macaroni and cheese , which  was a bit bland in comparison to bursts of flavor in everything else.  Big favorite were  the cabbage -wow what a tasty surprise great home seasoning and velvety taste. We also really liked the sweet potato pie , it was in a light crust and had a delicate flavor not overly sweeten and very smooth. The owner is a big sweetheart of a guy and offered us a taste of his new macaroni salad which tasted like dear old moms.  Yum! If you go give a call and ask if they are serving your favorite because with the great tastes they are serving they go quick!   Can't wait to go back and try the ribs!
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2007,9/16/2007,43,384,3,7,3>Several members of my family and friends are completely obsessed with this place.  Ob. Sessed.  And so - I go.  Ya walk in, pay the lady and pick your drink.  Someone leads you to a table.  Shortly someone will be over with plates and rolls.  At that point - the feeding begins.  And when it ends is all up to you.  As long as you're there they'll keep bringing on the plates and more of their really good warm rolls with honeybutter.  Their steaks are surprisingly good.  You walk up to the window and tell the guy how you want yours cooked - he pokes around at a few and hands you a steak.  There are sauteed mushrooms and onions on the side for you to serve yourself.  Nice.  To give you an idea of the variety and the general immenseness of the place, I'm going to name of just a few of the things I saw there on just our last visit: BBQ Beef w/ opt Buns on the side, Tacos, Black-eyed peas, fried okra, pork & potatoes, steak, spinach salad, mixed green salad, chicken salad, fruit salad, ice milk, brownies, cookies, cakes, blueberry pie, bread pudding, chocolate pudding, cottage cheese, fresh melon (you can see them cutting it putting fresh stuff into containers), Fried clams, Fried shrimp, fried rice, fried chicken, mashed potatoes, and several soups.  It's so much larger than that sounds.Servers are great at  offering new plates (dang food pushers) and refilling your drinks.  The place is also surprisingly clean.  It's nice to be able to see so much going on behind the counters - slicing the fruit, mixing things in bowls, decorating the cakes - it's all done right there where it's visible to everyone.  I've been told several locations out of state are much larger than this one - but I certainly can't imagine the need.  For about $10 a pop it is quite a deal for a great range of food that actually tastes good.  Come hungry.
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2007,9/15/2007,52,115,,6,8>Everybody needs a local watering hole and the Famous Wing provides the perfect- no fuss environment. It's under new ownership as of April 2007, so some of the greasy spoon legacy should be working itself out. But if you want a nice cold beer, good friendly conversation and WIRELESS INTERNET ACCESS AT A BAR- then you should go.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2007,9/14/2007,48,94,4,3,3>For those that haven't been to Sonic and aren't completely averse to fast food, what are you waiting for?  This chain has some of the tastiest, most artery-cloggingly good stuff.  They immediately get 2 stars just for having tater tots.  Everyone knows tots are potatoes in their finest form, it's just a scientific fact that cannot be questioned.  The official list is provided below:1.  Tater Tots2.  Hash Browns3.  Au Gratin4.  Twice-baked (because 2 is better than 1).5.  BakedThey get another 2 stars for having one of the tastiest beverage concoctions known to man, the cherry limeade.  Again, if you haven't tried it, I kinda feel bad for you.  However, I can't give them the full 5 stars.  While their peripherals are damn good, their actual main staples are kinda meh.  Also, at this particular location, there always seems to be a long, slow-moving drive-thru line.  They're probably just understaffed, but it does get annoying.
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2007,9/11/2007,332,486,2,2,2>Long. Wavy. Short. Edgy. No matter what you want, you'll get it here. Yet, be forewarned that you should communicate very clearly to the stylist. When I first went, I took a photo, had a conversation with the stylist and walked out with what I deemed a Peter Pan style. I didn't want that much cut off. It's the only time in my life I ever cried over my hair. What's worse, the stylist said, "It's going to get hot here. You'll thank me later." Nevermind I didn't want my hair buzzed short. Ugh, the audacity...That royally pissed me off. Yet, after another failed salon visit at a popular place in Scottsdale, I went back to Mood Swings, asking for another stylist. This time, I was clear, firm and blunt. Luckily, I got a stylist that listened to me, that looked at any pics I brought in, that talked about layers, trim and so forth. She even takes the time after styling to talk about how I like it. Do I want more off? If so, she happily obliges. Do I want more texture? No problem. Mood Swings is now my salon of choice. The location is great, right off Mill Ave. They validate parking. They offer you refreshments when you arrive. The atmosphere is ripe with artistic appeal and pizazz. They support the local art community and are pro-green. What more could you ask for? Well, to top it off, you get a relaxing hand massage with your hair rinse... and the ladies can enjoy a touch of make-up on their way out the door. Perfecto!The price can be pretty steep, depending on what you do. But, for cut or color, I recommend this salon. I also recommend Jessica Divis (my stylist) or Kristina. I've been very pleased with both.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2007,9/10/2007,65,131,6,7,4>Ladies if you're looking for a sugar daddy, you're bound to find him at this Scottsdale steakhouse. While there's no denying that the steaks are tops. I'm more of a fan of the bar atmosphere. My friend and I cruised into the see-and-be-seen restaurant for a drink recently and within in a matter of minutes, we were approached by a group of  sharply-dressed guys in their late 40s. We politely declined their invitation for dinner and drinks, but their next target group -- three buxom blondes who appeared to be in their early 20s -- took them up on the offer. If you're planning to come for simply cocktails, be sure to bring some extra cash because drinks are pricey. And if you order a martini, try the fruity flirtini, it's my favorite.
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/9/2007,0,0,,6,3>Atlas Bistro is one of the best if not the best restaurants in the Phoenix Metro.  Bistro is a little hidden gem.  It is located in Scottsdale just south of Thomas.  One of the many great things about this restaurant is that it is attached to AZ, which in my opinion is the best wine store in the valley in regard to selection and pricing.  So, as soon as you arrive to Atlas, pick out your favorite wine and head in to the restaurant (You can only access the restaurant through the store).  There is a typical corking fee of $10 on a standard bottle of wine.  Atlas is a very small establishment so be sure to make reservations.  As Atlas has become more known (word has spread fast) it has become quite busy.The menu at Atlas is incredibly creative.  All of the produce is locally and organically grown!!  I have to correct something the previous reviewer said.  She stated that the food is southwestern cuisine.  The fare is actually considered International with a little Southwestern flare.  I would not label them southwestern by any means.  The blending of flavors is so unique.  I recommend to order the 3  course dinner in which one can select a starter, salad or soup, entree, and then finish it off with a dessert or cheese plate.Some of the best dishes I have had are spaghetti squash mozzarella cake or the calamari for a starter, arugala salad with strawberries, Chimichirri grass fed filet mignon with roasted poblano cherry sauce and the clover honey cornish hen with bacon and chive belgium waffles with a belgium ale syrup.  Out of this world.  This is a true 5 stars.
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2006,9/8/2007,31,0,1,7,4>After all the raves, I was surprised to find Copper Star quiet on a Saturday morning. Surprise soon turned to delight: the coffee is excellent, the raspberry-chocolate croissants are heavenly, and any place with big stacks of magazines is good with me. This was the sort of experience where you wonder why you haven't bought a house in the neighborhood, had some kids, and acquired a dog so that you can all walk here on weekends and let the kids have cupcakes for breakfast.I'd put it a teeny bit below Lux in the "breakfast that made the earth move" department, but you wouldn't have to ask twice (or even get beyond "Let's go to Cop-") to get me to go back here.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2007,9/7/2007,164,329,4,3,4>imagine flying into sky harbor international airport and looking out the window to find an obnoxiously colored building... what the heck is that?!?!?!oh yes folks, it's the vale lofts on w university!! they offer various types of living space: studios, 1or 2 BR, and work/live units. located minutes away from ASU, this complex is conveniently close to just about everything!! and if you don't feel like walkin the bus stop is right there :)the insides of these condos are real basic and yet really cool. random odd-sized windows in the most unimaginative spot on the wall is what gets me! concrete walls left exposed with hardware to match seem more suited for a male tenant, but with the right kinda flare just about anything can be done to spruce it up!!the spa is great, decent workout area, and the people that live there are all pretty nice as well!!besides the kinda sorta ghetto-ish area directly behind the complex you've got yourself a great place to live!!enjoy!!
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2007,9/6/2007,215,277,1,7,6>From the people who brought us The Emerald Lounge ... it's The Ruby Room!  What a beautiful place stuck in the middle of nowhere (just south of Downtown)! I arrived at 9:45pm on Thursday night and the place was completely empty with the only exception being the bartender and DJ ... ... at any rate the walls were set with local art work and the place has SO much potential (if you had ever been to The Emerald Lounge you know what I mean) ... Fingers crossed that more people catch on to this potentially VERY cool as hangout and live music and art venue!
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2007,9/5/2007,4473,1489,,6,4>I moved to Phoenix from Scottsdale about 10 months ago and along with that, I switched Village Health Club locations from the one at DC Ranch (which was brand new and amazing) to this one on Camelback...I am giving it 5 stars because it is convenient, clean, and the staff and members are all really friendly.  Not to mention, Amanda's spin class (5:45 a.m. on Fridays) and Max's yoga class (12:05 on Fridays) and the Tuesday/Thursday early morning boot camp classes are all really good!  Also, it's under renovation at the moment and I am sure it will only get bigger and better!EDIT - other things to note... Josh and Pete in the cafe are fantastic!  Check out Julies spin classes and pilates as well!Ben in membership is great - go check it out and tell them Gabi sent you!
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2007,10/7/2007,28,17,1,5,4>Have been wishing for a sushi bar in our neighborhood for a long, long time (especially since Ayako/Akita-ya at The Biltmore closed) - never could have imagined one would open so close to our house and be this great. The sushi gods have blessed us!We've eaten here regularly since they opened and have never had a bad meal. In fact, we've come to regard sushi chef Koji as a culinary genius (and would back him on Iron Chef any time!) Clever creations like Poki Chips and Tempura Mint Leaf are downright delicious, and he makes the best sashimi and hand rolls we've ever had.What's best about Hana for us is that this is a neighborhood sushi bar - not a trendy hot spot . Focus here is on the food - and in just the right way. Not overdone like so many sushi spots with countless fancy rolls on the menu - and yet also not overly traditional like so many old-school sushi spots where they only offer standard nigiri and such (which can be quite good, don't get me wrong, but isn't it nice to add a little flavor and creativity, too?) Being a neighborhood spot, Hana is quite small and can get crowded during peak hours. There's a small dedicated staff here and when crowded, service and food prep can be slow, it's only expected. We like to go later and sit at the sushi bar - to us that's always the best way to eat sushi anyway.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2007,10/6/2007,88,90,1,3,2>I shouldn't diss my community but I know exaclty what Thomas S. means when the clothes are strange and way overpriced. Perhaps they should stock clothes that I can actually wear at a club, without everyone thinking I am strange--even as a queer. Things are pricey but it's expected from a boutique type store, one thing to say though the selection is huge, from greeting cards, clothes, CD's, toys etc..Wished they stocked more books. Well I hope it stays around a long time, If we all just stuck together and built the gay businesses together like they do in other cities in America, I think it would help all of them out a lot better just by proximity.
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,10/5/2007,0,26,,3,3>BEST happy hour ever!!  It's sort of hidden but has a great bar area and patio.  I dont know about the regular dinner but it looks formal and the bar is great and relaxing.  It'salways fun to try to watch someone order/eat the "Big A$$ Burger."  I thought the scallops were great.   Expect it to be packed anytime after 4:30.
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2007,10/4/2007,28,207,,4,2>Given that the word "sports" is in the title, that's what I am going to judge this place on. In that regard, it gets 5 stars. We were able to secure bar seats right in front of the TV showing our beloved Saints and receive really attentive service. Of course it helped that our bartender was from Louisiana, but all of the bartenders were really awesome. Our drinks were always full, and we never had to ask twice for anything. Every single NFL game was on and even better was that all of them were easy to see (so you didn't feel totally deflated if you couldn't get the perfect seat...chances were you could still see your game).The crowd is an eclectic mix of people - some younger and some older. Some men were definitely probably interested in hitting on women, and I am sure some women were there looking for a rich husband. However, if you're really there to watch sports, you don't even notice. I don't personally care who's sitting around me when I'm watching football...which is why this place gets 5 stars. I came here to watch a game, drink a beer and eat some food. All of those were accomplished in a clean, fun, well-serviced and friendly environment....so what is there to complain about?They even have a bloody mary bar (you pick your choice of vodka). Also available are private rooms you can rent if you're feeling fancy schmancy. The food wasn't half bad - it wasn't amazing, but it wasn't terrible. And again, this place is primarily a sports bar, so expect a good selection of games and drinks...not a five star dining experience.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2007,10/3/2007,90,589,2,3,3>This is a school, retreat, public archive, and tourist spot.There are several different tours available. I took the 90 minute version which includes Mr Wright's office, the terrace next to the design center, his living room, bedroom, wife's bedroom, garden terrace, windowless room, theater, and cabaret.It's all very interesting though I suspect a lot of the tour guides punchlines are apocryphal. Her reverence was clear but she still pointed out failures and redos as a way to humanize the icon.1 star off for excessive price $22.50 for 90 minute tour. You can't wander off on your own except in the expansive and expensive gift shop.The Saturday shelter tour looks like the most interesting
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2007,10/2/2007,2178,528,14,15,13>Cozy, cute and yes, a little claustraphobic...Coronado Cafe. Perhaps the latter adjective is my own issue, but at 5 foot  9 inches I felt REALLY tall. An adorable little home, with creaky wooden floors transformed into a comfortable cafe with approachable American fare. After navigating the dicey, sandy, lumpy parking lot I accidentally entered the kitchen door. My bad. I was redirected to another door and entered through the rear. Yikes did I  just say I entered through the rear? Anyway a lovely staff person told me to go to the front and check in. Meandering through the cafe I really did find it lovely. Very neat, old yet modern and strangely very loud. It was a booming lunch crowd on a Monday. Taking Mom and Dad out for a Mother's Day lunch. We waited a few minutes for a table and were constantly being said hello to and asked if we've been helped by a friendly, friendly staff. Shout out to the staff! The menu, while not especially inventive, seemed fresh and yummy. The soup of the day was a tortilla soup with its own stamp on it. No tortilla strips atop the cup, yet and especially flavorful soup, creamy with a twinge of tanginess to it. Mom and I both had the turkey sandwich with cranberrry sauce. HUGE mother of a sandwich. I always wonder about the big sandwich because you cannot possible bite into it without making a mess. Not a strike against them, cuz it was very good, bread was fresh and turkey seemed unprocessed. Dad ordered the ham and cheese, but stripped away all the interesting flavors, because, well, because he's a dad and likes the meat and potato type menu. Dessert was a wonderful and decedent brownie with ice cream, chocolate and caramel sauces. Very good. Brownie was more like a cake though. Again, no complaint, cuz it was dee-lish. Service was so great I have to say. Friendly, professional and fun. I like the idea of eating in an old house. The contrast of old Phoenix with striking photography of modern New York strewn about the rooms was quite cool. I recommend a visit. I'm craving the tortilla soup and would love to try other items on the menu. Most importantly it was a wonderful way to hang with mom and dad (who ventured in from Sun City in their mini van, navigating the Central Ave. mess, God Bless 'em) and we truly had a good experience. Coronado Cafe. Cute. Cozy. Comfortable. And in the end, not so claustraphobic.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2007,10/1/2007,164,361,2,3,3>I love the tiki atmosphere... and not to mention the enormous saltwater tank.  It was absolutely beautiful and enchanting.  The words that I would describe Drift are:  Hip, Hype, Spectacular and most of all Groovy. The indoor dining area was tiki-tacular with comfy lounge chairs and soft ambient lighting.  The DJ was rocking out and the Lava Flow was exactly what I needed.  Ladies, (not sure if this also happens in the mens room) if you don't stop by the wash room you are missing out.. I won't ruin the surprise, but i haven't figured out if its motion of weight sensored... let's poll the Yelpers?????Finally, if you haven't had the Pele Peanut Shrimp, you've missed out on a delectable morsel of deliciousness... I will return just for this dish...
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2007,9/30/2007,367,544,2,4,6>Merc Bar reminds me of a friend's basement...but your cool friend who has the basement with the bar and neat 70s lighting fixtures.   (I think it's the wood paneling that gives it this feel for me.)  I love that they have magazines you can read, it just drives in that you're at home feeling a little bit more.  But yes, its very dimly lit.  I remarked that I thought Bonnie was right and they did run out of lightbulbs.... We were there fairly early in the night and it was very laid back.   (My husband was in shorts)  I didn't get a snobbish vibe.The bartender was good, although I asked for a drink with Ketel One, Red Bull, champagne and grapefruit juice and he gave me one with Ketel One, champagne, Chambord and pineapple.  Close, I guess.  They have bag hooks under the bar which is something that I haven't seen much of here in Arizona and I was really happy about that.   (I hate having to sling my bag off the chair or lay it on the bar.) Oh,  it looked like they might have free wi fi because there was a dude in a chair with his mac laptop.Update:Ok, so I came home from Merc Bar one night ready to write an update to discover it was the ROTD!  Strange conicidence, eh?  This time out we were there on a Saturday night which is a little more hopping than an early Friday evening.  Still casual though, people in jeans, sneakers, t-shirts.  (There were people who were more dressed up, but there was definitely those who weren't.) We were seated at a table this time which I would suggest since it gets full.  Even though it was a Saturday night I still didn't get a snobbish vibe, it was a laid back atmosphere.  Our waitress was a little slow, we had to flag her down every time we wanted something which was a little annoying and she didn't know what a Kir Royale was.   The music was good, well chosen, and not too loud.I really dig it here....I actually don't mind driving "all the way" to Phoenix to come here!
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2007,9/29/2007,6,8,,4,5>This one is very near and dear to me.  I have known Seamus since he was downtown and it always feels like St. Patty's day whenever I run into him at one of his pubs (although it has been a while since the last time which is probably a good thing).  I remember talking to him about this pub before he even started work on it.  He was very adamant about making it as authentic as possible and it does have that welcoming feel every good pub should have.  In short I love this place, there is nothing better than tipping a Guinness and a Jameson with a few friends in one of the cozy booths and listen to some great Celtic band bring the roof down.  Whether you're a pub person or not this is one of the best watering holes in Phoenix.  Also, come St. Patrick 's Day this is one place I have to be (in my kilt of course).  As a bit of trivia I was the first person who officially bought Seamus a shot of Jameson at the grand opening.  He makes a big deal out of it and I think it's kind of cool.  Slainte
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,9/28/2007,20,28,1,2,4>Wings + Beer + Football = LOVEI am such a girly girl 99% of the time but come fall, I sort of turn into a dude.....This is not my most favorite place to catch the game, but a good alternative when I want to mix it up or my team is on a bye week. Good selection of boneless wing flavors.Oh god, just writing this makes me yearn for the season to begin!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,6/5/2014,341,239,28,32,30>Wow! I absolutely loved eating breakfast here!  The Wild Berry Bliss pancakes were truly amazing! I guess you can't go wrong with fluffy marscapone filled vanilla cream pancakes. We read other Yelp reviews and found this to be a fan favorite! If you ever want a true taste of happiness in your mouth, then I urge you to order this!Irish Benny - For some reason, I've always loved the Irish fare of corned beef hash, but Butters restaurant decided to combine it ingeniously with eggs benedict, and voila! A match made in heaven! The hollandaise sauce covering eggs benedict with corned beef with a side of scalloped breakfast potatoes harmoniously complemented each other well, and I would not hesitate to order this dish again!My hubby ordered the Mexicana omelet and the chorizo had just the right amount of spice. He couldn't stop talking about the right texture and fluffiness of his omelet either. He's always picky about how his omelets are prepared and they really hit the mark here!Don't sweat the wait here, it is far worth it to experience breakfast here! I just wish it was a lot closer or at least had a branch on the northwest side of the valley because we would come here a lot  more if they did!
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,6/4/2014,175,390,11,17,14>What can you say that has not been said? This place is good, it is great actually!Came in the other night to get an order to go. It was ready when I got there as promised.They even carried it to my car. Food was great, sausage, manocotti, salad, bread, all of it wonderful.I used the restroom while there and it was clean and plesant.Lots of parking and a friendly staff.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/3/2014,164,112,8,13,9>I love businesses that don't mind a little hand-to-hand combat.  In the case of Paradise Valley Burger Company, there is a Burger King a stones throw away in the same parking lot, a pizza place a few doors down, and a Jack in the Box across the street.  You better be good if your competition is that close.They are.The Princess and I had to check this place out after it was highlighted on the review of the day last Friday, 3/7/14.  Easy to find, just off the 51 at Bell.  Kind of  a non-descript strip mall.  Nice vibe, lots of foot traffic and yet enough room to grab a table and not be elbow to elbow with your neighbor.We both had the Beach House burger, two patties, smoked mozzella, and pico on an incredible homemade bun.  Loved the burger, very, very good.  You could taste the grill marks on the meat.  Complimented the meal with the sweet potato tots.  These were fantastic!  Some of the best I've had in the valley! (a little pricey but worth it!).  Also had a maple-bacon milkshake.  Wow!  Absolutely incredible.  Real bacon and maple with tasty ice cream, it was delicious!  Can't wait to go back and try other burgers and some of their tacos.  Service was fantastic, very quick and friendly.  Great prices and excellent food!
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,6/2/2014,2036,61,48,68,65>So, my only question for La Grande Orange Pizzeria is...can I please live here?  Seriously, this place is GREAT!  There really is no formal division between the pizzeria and grocery parts of the store, so I'm going to talk about both.  Grocery-wise, the place carries a broad mix of classic candies, wines, cookbooks, tchotchkes that rotate seasonally (I've picked up some great holiday items here in years past), and grocery staples; they also have a cafe that serves up oatmeal, eggs (friends rave about the Commuter Sandwich), salads, sandwiches, and sushi rolls.  Word to the wise - bring some extra napkins because their bakery will make you drool!  Order up front at the counter, pick a seat, and then keep your ears perked for when they call your name.  Friendly staff, cool ambience - I always find myself Shazam-ing the music here!  ;)         As far as the pizza is concerned, the crust is insane!  It almost reminds me of really good sourdough bread, toasted and crispy, not too thin and not too thick.  All the ingredients are fresh and the pizza permutations creative.  They serve up your pie on a slab of wood - nice presentation!  Sadly, I am a creature of habit - once I find something that's to my liking, I latch on and order it every time I return for the rest of my life :/ At this particular establishment, these personal faves would be the Rocket Man Pizza (spicy red fresno chilies, broccolini, roasted red peppers, roasted garlic, and sun-dried tomatoes) and the Classic Chocolate Pudding - wow, just wow!  I make my poor husband drive all the way across town to come here - he always grumbles but in the end, admits that the place IS pretty delicious.  The only negative - and it definitely a BIG negative - is the parking situation.  La Grande Orange has the tinsiest micro parking lot known to man.  On a good day if the parking lot gods are smiling down on you, you just might find an open 20 minute parking spot (I haven't been impressed that they actually enforce the time restrictions).  But, if you go on their website under the 'Secret Parking' link (shhhh!), you will find a diagram depicting other parking options that are slightly farther away.So yeah, come check out La Grande Orange for some great pizza, brunch, baked goods, groceries...the list goes on.  One of my favorite places in Phoenix!
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,6/1/2014,376,146,27,36,31>This place is probably one of my FAVORITE places to get breakfast!My friend brought me here for the first time a few years ago and I loved it! Everything on the menu is amazing! The last time I went I got the Banana nut bread french toast. It was delicious. One of my other favorites is their corned beef hash. But my other recommendations? Everything! I've also tried their Pecan pancakes which are delicious. I really want to try their crepes and that fried egg bagel next time I'm in or even their lunch menu sounds really good. The only downer for me is that it's quite far for me, but well worth the drive! &  If you go on the weekends there's going to be a wait since it does get pretty busy. I might be writing another review for it once I try their lunch menu. =)
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/31/2014,181,218,13,23,18>This place is going to be one of my new stops on my lunch rotation. Usually work in this area a couple times a week and now this just made it that much better. Hello Gourmet Tacos and then some!Inside is very nice and rather modern looking. The menu items are written on some clear glass behind the counter and the soups of the day are displayed on a hanging roll of brown paper on the wall. Just place your order and find a table. You can see them cooking it in their small open kitchen.Seating is somewhat sparse and there is an additional area out on the patio outside. Noticed a lot of people calling in their orders and picking them up once they were ready. This area definitely needed a place like this to pick things up a bit.So far ... Ordered the Rib Eye Tacos on my first visit. They were perfectly cooked and were packed with flavor. Next tried the Mexican Hot Dog and the Torta Cubana. Very good and was too full afterwards for dessert. Today tried the Burrotote and some PapaNachos. Don't forget to check out the killer salsa bar with everything necessary to kick things up a notch.Food is always very fresh and they use high quality ingredients. Been here several times and have not had a bad experience yet. Nice!Too many cool things on the menu to list them all. How about fresh desserts made out of fruits, several kinds of flans, ice creams and yummy bakery treats to cap off the meal.Service is very friendly and polite. Place is starting to get really busy and there can be small wait during peak hours. Did I tell you about the Soup of the Day? They will give you a sample to try while you wait.Going to round up on this fine establishment. WOOHOO!4.75 STARS
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,5/30/2014,2276,947,35,43,41>One of the great things about living in the southwest, is how all the food traditions have followed us here. Want a Philly Cheesesteak? Forgetaboutit!  New Yawk deli? We've got dat too!  A Chicago dog? Abs-so-freakin-lootely! LOL  How about that Aaron Rogers and George Wendt commercial?  Grill Class, I love it!  It seems Chicago style, Vienna Beef places are all over greater Phoenix. What you don't see too often, are these family owned places. In Chicago you have Mom and Pop places all over. Each one trying to create their own piece of heaven for their loyal customers. Well I believe Dazzo's is one of those places too. You come in, you are greeted by one of the Dazzo family members. Warmly! None of that phony baloney stuff. Just, "thanks for coming in!  First time here?  Where are you from?"  They also have family pictures all over the wall, going back to when they first opened. Nice! And if UR interested, they also have a nice collection Chicago team Sun Times clippings, mostly of the Bulls and Cubs stuff. Okay, this is all great Georgie, but what makes it so special?  Well, the food!  Grilled Jumbo Dogs, Red Hots, Fire Dogs, Brats, Italian Beef -- they have them all and they're cooked fresh, just for you. Delicious!Another plus are their French fries. They're exquisite and topped with a nice mixture of seasoning salt. I'm not a big fries guy, but I might come back for some more of them. But when I do come back, I'll bring more Cash because they don't accept Plastic. Enjoy!
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,5/29/2014,218,488,4,7,6>Yet another great location for breakfast in the Valley. We decided to give this place a try because there had been so many great reviews about it. I had the Baja Omelet with no bacon.....rosemary potatoes......and multigrain wheat toast. Everything was absolutely delicious. I tried my wife's pancakes and they are the 2nd best pancakes I have ever had.....so all the reviews about the pancakes are dead on they are awesome. We will definitely be back because the service.....food.....and location are perfect. Now be advised they have a lot of organic products here.....homemade items.....and only raw sugar, splenda, and sweet and low for your coffee. That's right no white sugar which was a first for me.....LOL!!!!!! Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!!
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/28/2014,510,143,7,10,9>If you're a single lady looking for a guy with a job, head to happy hour at The Gladly. On a recent Saturday night when I went there for dinner, there were dozens of good-looking guys who seemed to have it together - lots wearing suits, and many looking like they just came back from the country club.Not that the eye candy is the only reason you should give The Gladly a try. It's a beautiful restaurant with good food and drinks, that's conducive to wiling away the night. Our two-and-a-half dinner and cocktail rendezvous went by in a breeze, and thankfully, we never felt pressure from the wait staff to hurry up. Lingering and enjoying every sip and savory moment is encouraged here.It's no surprise the spot, like Blue Hound Kitchen in downtown Phoenix, is filled with chicness - it's in the Biltmore area, a stone's throw away from Senator John McCain's rumored penthouse mansion. The menu is definitely pricey, but I made a meal out of a salad and still left full. You could split some of the less expensive dishes and walk away satisfied, for sure.I had a Farmer's Punch cocktail ($11), made with Absolut Pear vodka, Calvados brand, lemon juice, honey and quince syrup, Fee Brothers barrel-aged bitters, and lemon peel. It was really refreshing and a little sweet. It didn't taste overly alcohol-y, and I'd recommend it.For appetizers, our table ordered the Roasted Brussels Sprouts ($10), with corn grits and truffle oil. Like the EVO salad I recently tried at EVO in Scottsdale, this dish will make anyone a Brussels sprouts believer. I liked them on top of the grits, which gave the dish a variety of textures and flavors. It was a really generous and filling portion, too.My pal also got the Vietnamese Pepper Shrimp ($16), with tomato and a sticky rice cake. It looked and smelled great.His fiancée got the Original Chopped Salad ($12), which I've already tried at Cowboy Ciao and Citizen Public House. She interestingly subbed the salmon for chicken, and the rest of it looked the exact same as I've had before. There's a reason this legendary salad is on several Valley menus - try it at least once to see what the hype is about. It even has its own Facebook page at facebook.com/theoriginal….For my meal, I ordered the Burrata Caprese ($12), with Burrata mozzarella. I have to say, I'm not as big of a fan of Burrata as I am traditional mozzarella, simply because of the texture. Burrata is made with cream, so it's a much softer texture than traditional mozzarella. I did love the fresh basil and tomatoes, though, and the balsamic vinaigrette was delicious, too.My pal also got the Honey Glazed Steelhead ($26), which seemed to be a generous portion.We tried a tasty dessert, an apple tart topped with ice cream. It was more than enough to share with three people after that massive feast, and the tart was cooked to perfection. I'd say it's worth the splurge, for sure.The main menu items range from $15-$36, with salads and appetizers up to $16. Head there for happy hour daily from 3-6 p.m. for half-priced beer and appetizers, and $5 glasses of wine. It's a fun place for people watching and gives Phoenix a New York City vibe (just like nearby bar Merc Bar, one of my favorites in the Valley for its cozy lighting and romantic atmosphere.)
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/27/2014,744,637,6,13,9>It has to be said that the standard of the baking here is fabulous. Wonderful croissants, breads, coffee etc. I met up with a few of my friends here for a little breakfast get together. Three of us ordered the french press coffee, hot chocolate and Beignet. I wish I had ordered something else because the Beignets were huge! They come in three pieces, so they can be shared with your friends. One was enough for me since it has a lot of sugar.  It took a while to get our orders, but the Beignets are made to order, so it's worth the wait.
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,7/10/2013,509,228,10,11,12>It started off as a crush, but now I think I am in love.  I went here for the first time on a  'Girl's Night Out'.  It was fun, with a great atmosphere, pretty people and good service.  Then there was a loooooong gap in time and Mabel's had faded away as a mere distant memory of a cute bar I once went to.  Then, finally, a few happy hours and I eventually met Chele.  She is the amazing bartender who wooed me many an evening at Mabel's with her bartending prowess and dazzling gin drinks.  Unfortunately, for all of you reading this now, she has left for New York city to concur the bar scene there and I wish her the best.  My favorite Chele conversation: "I have always worked in speakeasy kind of places since I started bartending, so I know lots of old-timer drinks and martinis, but the down side is I don't really know the 'younger' drinks."  And I say, "Well, what do you mean?" And Chele replies, "Well, this college girl once ordered a Tic-Tac, and I asked what is in a Tic-Tac.  And the college girl replied in her most valley voice possible, "how do you NOT know what is in a tic-tac, it is an 'ASU-thing'''...and what did Chele say??? "Well honey this is not ASU"  Priceless, and what makes it better is I don't think Chele is much older than 25!  Man, I am going to miss her.So, this is not even the climax yet.  I also stumbled in another random Tuesday evening to witness the filming of Mob Wives.  Not that I am a Mob Wives fan but it was funny to watch 'reality' TV being arranged...Finally, the point this relationship really turned into love was right before Christmas.  I was out on a cold Thursday night with 2 of my girlfriends, whom I had not seen in a long time.  The beginning of the night had been ruined at another drinking establishment, and the evening seemed to have been forgone and Mabel's was our last hope.  We must have looked defeated as we walked in the door, because after we sat down a fine gentleman came over to ask what we were drinking.  I looked at him closely and thought, he does not look like a server...it was one of the owners.  He introduced us to our fabulous waitress, Christina I think, and our evening was perfect from that point forth.  We also met the General Manager who was just as outstanding.  After 3 hours of many cocktails, shooters, good times and a cab ride later, I knew I had found my new favorite bar in Old Town.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,7/9/2013,699,631,6,13,11>It was the 2nd meet up for The International Supper Club and this time Comedor Guadalajara was the place to be!From the outside, you are not quite sure of what are you are getting into, you walk up to the place and you see a huge concrete pad that looks like it's used for outside parties maybe?  You go through the doors and then are shown your table and your mind is thinking how is it possibly this is the same building you were looking at on the outside.  It's huge, and opened, and I didn't even see the entire place. It's well lit and the colorful! A very nice surprise!We were a party of 8 and our server was Maria, and she was amazing, she made sure we had everything we needed and more. When you 1st walked in the podium for the hostess says NO SPLIT CHECKS, so our party didn't even ask, we would have figured it out, but when it came time for the check, Maria had already split them up for us.  Love great service!The chips are fresh, the salsa, well for me it's perfect! I could have stood it a tab bit hotter, but it had the perfect bit of heat for me, but for a fellow dinner, it was too hot for him.Ordered a cheese crisp and some guacamole for appetizers and the cheese crisp was just that, a cheese crisp nothing too exciting to write about, but the guacamole, omg it was soo fresh tasting, I loved that stuff!! I think I might have even licked it off my fingers, I'm sure I could have eaten the entire bowl myself  (or did I).One of the Wednesday night specials was a poblano pepper stuffed with cheese and topped with green chili sauce with grilled chicken, and it came with beans & rice. OMG AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! I didn't even see it on the menu but damn I want it again! The pepper was fresh, the green sauce was delish, and the grilled chicken just tied this dish together! The beans and rice were perfectly cooked. AMAZING!!!!My meal filled me up pretty well, but I did order a churro, and it was the perfect way to end a great meal. Love churros!!! Warm pastry stick covered in cinnamon and sugar. Oh yea I went home a happy girl for sure!
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/8/2013,311,459,8,16,10>I tried the Friday buffet here with fellow yelpers Rand, Mike, and Robyn. There are just a little over a dozen items but all were really good, and the grilled chicken deserves special mention - it was fantastic, like no other grilled chicken I've tried anywhere else. The other items were mostly standard dishes found in other Mediterranean restaurants, but prepared very well here. Also, each person who partakes of the buffet is served a tender, very nicely seasoned lamb shank - that alone would already justify the price of the whole buffet!  In all it was a really delicious meal, and a really great deal at 10 bucks.
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,7/7/2013,253,210,16,27,22>Taquitos Jalisco serves up Mexican street food common to the state of Jalisco.  You might be more familiar with the state capital city, Guadalajara.  This particular restaurant has a "sister" property on Gilbert Road that I've heard has better tasting food than this location.  Hmmm... I may have to find out!  as this was very good Mexican street food!  There's a bandwagon forming for Taquitos Jalisco and it's making stops in Mesa!Let me jump on the bandwagon for a ride too!  I missed the Yelper Lunch UYE here in April, but I scheduled my lunch group to go here this month.  I'd heard from Robyn N and Rand H that the place was small, but had no idea that by small they meant TINY!  The international lunch group that I organize was about 14 deep for lunch!  We were smart enough to arrive early.  Every table was taken once we got in the door.  Thankfully, it was not terribly hot outside and the tables outside were still open.  We gladly occupied those tables under the shade with the roar of the traffic on Broadway whizzing by.I sat next to my buddy Dawn K and we split our food!  I ordered 3 carne asada Tacos and 2 Tamales.  I will say that I was disappointed with the Tacos.  The carne asada was a little dry for me.  But still tasty enough to enjoy.  The tamales were fantastic!  I split one of my tamales with the entire group so that everyone could get a taste.  But I saved the other for myself for lunch the next day!  Dawn K ordered a platter with 3 things on it.  Enchilada, Taco and a Chile Relleno.  I tried some of her Chile Relleno!  The chile relleno was extremely good.  It was my favorite thing that I tasted.  I did not try it, but one lunch'er raved about the fish tacos and Robyn N also said their fish tacos were very good.  A slip of the brain as I would have ordered that instead of the carne asada taco.Everyone in the group was happy, even the vegetarian lunch'er was happy with his veggie burrito!  Score!  This place is worth stopping in and trying.   Remember, this is definitely a DIVE!  The parking lot is also very small.  It is on the north side of the street.  Pay attention.  The building is so small, you will likely drive past it and miss the turn.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,7/6/2013,242,266,4,6,6>Need a good cup of coffee and you're at Sky Harbor?  Head to terminal 4 and find Press Coffee down at the end of the terminal.  Their coffee is a fresh roast with a lite aroma and smooth finish.  I particularly like getting a double shot Americano with a little room.  It's very tasty and a great way to start your flight to wherever you're headed.  As you can see by my check ins I'm here a lot and its because of their coffee and service.   I hope to see you see there.
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,7/5/2013,1114,557,5,13,6>For those of you on this side of town you know we have limited lunch options (good ones anyway) Rics is on our general rotation. The reason they are is because they are good. If you tried them back in the day and did not care for it one way or the other... go again. They have tweaked the menu to give us what we asked for. Quality food and reasonable prices. I would rather spend $10 here then $7 at burger king. I have had a burger over cooked but it was remade asap and was perfect after that. The burger is my go to because it is a grilled perfection of charred beef patty!
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,7/4/2013,186,135,6,13,7>The Saturday afternoon we stopped in with our dog was stunning, weather-wise. This, of course, meant that the rest of the world also read the many positive Yelp reviews and knew it was the perfect day to stop into Joe's. Why waste a sunny, cool day inside?I waited in the half-hour-long line while Husband sat in back with the dog at one of the picnic tables once the line started getting inside. There was a worker dude who would helpfully hand out laminated menus to us line-standers and answer any questions we had. He highly suggested the Fontina burger, but I already knew what I wanted: a cheeseburger with sautéed onions, a side of onion rings and fried zucchini, and a chocolate milkshake. After I ordered, I was given a little buzzer/beeper thingy for when the food was ready. It took just long enough for me to check out their super clean bathroom with the dolls in the walls and the doll movie on the tv before the food was ready. YUM that milkshake! I really liked my cheeseburger, but Husband wasn't too impressed. We both liked the onion rings, but left a lot of the fried zucchini in favor of drinking our milkshakes (he got vanilla bean). My biggest problem actually ended up being the ranch that we requested for the sides... it tasted really off. The consistency wasn't right and it didn't compliment the food at all. I am a firm believer that onion rings need to be dunked in something, so I ended up dunking in my ketchup. It worked, but I wished for something better.There were a lot of other dogs lying around under picnic tables, so that was pretty cool to see. There is also a bird group that gathers (I'm pretty sure they were parrots, but I can't say for sure. I know they were very colorful and friendly!) some weekends out at one of the front tables while they eat. Parents and kids would wander over to talk to the bird handlers, which was neat. Definitely a family AND dog friendly place.
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/3/2013,357,214,15,9,7>Cornish Pasty food & service:  5/5  The Romper Room Effect 0/5We had a late lunch around 1:30 on Easter Sunday and our server was great!  The receipt said his name was Johnny Cakes.  Somehow I doubt that's totally accurate, but hey....if it is, you go Johnny!  He was friendly and laid-back and took great care of us.  The pasties were great, as usual, and we also tried a side of their curry potatoes which were delicious!  If you like curry, these are cubed, perfectly roasted potatoes with a few roasted tomato bits as well.  They complimented the pasties and beer perfectly and I would definitely order them again.I know it was a Sunday.  I know it was Easter Sunday, but the amount of kids screaming and running around was appalling.   Take them to the park.  Take them home.  One inconsiderate mommy was wandering around carrying her beer, half-heartedly trying to corral Screamy and Sticky and if I heard her say one of the kid's names once, I heard her say it 400 times.  (Names changed to protect the inconsiderate).  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Dudson.  Ad nauseam.  He's obviously not listening, but hey, get your buzz on.  Who cares.  Several children were crying loudly and the ones that were running around were frequently in the way of the entrance and patrons coming and going.  Ridiculous.When I'm managing my own restaurant I will politely pack their food up to go and give them clearly printed directions to the two or three nearest parks.   Letting your kids run around like wild animals is rude and inconsiderate and it's dangerous.  These are the same asshats who will sue you when their sweaty, foaming at the mouth kid falls and hurts themselves.  Send them to the park.
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,7/2/2013,248,354,10,15,13>Tucked in a small hole in a strip mall, this little place actually serves really good food! It was on DDD for a reason!  Small but with charm and a really pleasant women behind the counter for lunch, we ordered and shared a meatball sub and italian sausage with sweet peppers sub. We also started with the prosciutto and melon. The appetizer was amazing, just like I got in Italy. The sandwiches were both fantastic, I am still trying to decide which was my favorite. They had plenty of cheese and sauce and were falling apart and messy and yummy just the way a saucy italian sandwich should be!They have ice tea and a variety of soda's and italian sodas but they are in a can fyi. Tables are a little close but the food was worth at as well as the service. We did have a local dines voucher for half off the meal but the prices were really great. We really felt like we got out money's worth and would go back in a second without the coupon.  I will be back to try many more things on their menu!
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,7/1/2013,266,1123,4,10,8>I am so excited because I am lucky enough to get to have Songbird coffee at my wedding....woohoo! Thanks Jonathon! This shop is very close to my apartment, walkable for me. The coffee is really good. It is from a local roaster in Tempe. Additionally, the people who work there know a lot about coffee. The guy with the darker hair who works there is very interesting and has worked in the coffee business for several years. The owners are hard working and great at making delicious lattes. Everyone is friendly. Additionally, the decor is super cute and the furniture is comfortable. I have never had a bad experience here.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,2/26/2012,480,556,6,10,9>Stopped in while roaming the Melrose/7theAve Street Fair.   I have always been a fan of shops that specialize in Antique/Reclaimed/Refurbished items. You never know what you are going to find in the nooks and crannies.  Shops like this are always an adventure (hit or miss for some).  They have a relatively large interior with a couple of rooms of stuff.  They also have a patio area with more items.  Since I was just browsing and not looking to buy necissarily I paid no mind to the fact that I was left alone to look...which I generally prefer anyway. They have a varied selection of indoor and outdoor furniture and other decorative accessories. I really need to got back and take a closer look.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,2/25/2012,67,97,4,5,8>5 Stars. Best Ice Cream Ever! Not only that, after all the publicity and success, and the long lines at all hours, they still have the most amazing customer service. Allow me to explain. I was there last night. I brought a book and my dog. I tied the pup to a table outside and got in line. After waiting for about 15 minutes I finally put in my order and then went to the cash register to pay. The owner rang me up (I can't remember her name but I have seen her on TV) I handed her my American Express card and she said "I'm sorry, we don't take American Express" I thought...just my luck, I lost my Visa Debit card last week and still haven't received the replacement. All I had was my AMEX card, and now after waiting all that time I have to hand over my rocky road!! I told her how sorry I was, how I should have checked before they took my order. I gave her back my ice cream and turned around and left. As I was untying my dog outside, the owner came rushing out to me..."I just remembered there is an app for that" she said..."I can run your Amex card on my phone". I came back in, she swiped my card into a little device on her phone and I signed the receipt. She went to the fridge, grabbed my ice cream and handed it to me. Throughout the whole ordeal she was so composed and friendly, especially considering that I created a delay for everyone waiting and I should have checked the credit credit card options before going in there. The "cherry on top" was the ice cream itself. Words can't begin to describe. Simply superb. I can't wait to go back to try some of their more unusual flavors.
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2011,2/24/2012,80,289,6,13,6>Rules to go by if you are considering to come by here:1. Don't ever ever come here on a day that is hot. Nope. Don't even try. I think I almost had a heat stroke walking on the brick trail with a stroller in tow.2. If you're not into an all cacti arrangement, this place is not for you. That's all they HAVE. Don't be surprised. The Butterfly Exhibit only have monarchs. I was hoping for something a little more special than that, at least some swallowtails, come on!3. The admission is $18 for adults now. Luckily I am a student and students are $10 to get in. Bring your student ID's, people! $3.50 additional to get into the Butterfly exhibit.4. The place is very very well kept, clean, and have tours and staff that know what they're talking about.5. The Great Pumpkin Festival makes it more worth you're money to come in the fall time, (the entrance fee for the festival is free with the garden admission). Plus, all the arts and crafts, games, hayride, petting zoo, and 1 pumpkin is free to take home. Food, drinks, and pony rides are not free obviously.This pretty much sums it up!
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2011,2/23/2012,311,459,9,12,12>I love the fact that this place has a simple menu and a very casual and relaxed vibe:  posters of singers from the 70s, a disco mirror ball, very friendly staff members who seem to be having a lot of fun as they work. The chicken fingers are good - light and crunchy, seasoned just right. Crinkle-cut fries were OK, although I wish the Texas toast were a little more garlicky. I'm glad to have this cool addition to the businesses in my neighborhood.
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,2/22/2012,2178,528,23,21,22>Now the last time I was at The Rooste, I was bedazzled in pink Hello Kitty cowboy hat taking home first prize. I think it was some kind of yelp sticker lol! And that's when I got the full flavor of this meaty, enormous yet charming country restaurant/bar/event facility/iconic Phoenix restaurant. We yelpers devoured the buffet and downed some free beer. This time, a little different...Let the sawdust fly!Picture this. South Mountain. Covered in careening white mini vans and large American cars. Children. Everywhere. Like Children of the Corn. Octogenarians with walkers complete with two yellow tennis balls. Parents scrambling to keep their brood in order. Teenagers glued to their smart phones, completely unaware of the reason for this holiday. The stealing of land from the Native Americans. Yep. We Americans sure know when to party.Picture this. Me. My mom and my dad. Two of the cutest things I've ever seen. Walking. Slowly. Navigating the "rustic" entrance to the restaurant. It's like they're trying to imitate Tim Conway. Me? Patient. Oh so patient. You see, I was psyched to have my folks all to myself. No cooking. No cleaning. But would the food be gross? Cafeteria-like? And the worst, cold?No. No. And no.From our warm biscuits and Indian flat bread to our entrees (we all chose turkey with all the fixins)...it was a fantastic meal for $20 a  head. Our server was efficient and delightful. If I remembered her name I would publicly apologize for my father's flirting. Heck. Maybe she liked it! She mentioned she was working from 9am to 9pm. God Bless her. Hope she's wearing sensible shoes. They were helpful with extras (can you say "More gravy please?") and with boxing up to go treats. We skipped dessert as I was serving pumpkin pie, chocolate coffee cake and coffee at my place.The window booth we had (thanks dad for calling ahead) had those famous sweeping views of the valley, brown smog included. And of the large families swallowing the picnic tables outside below, chowing down and obviously having a good time. Other staff were energetic, friendly and helpful. I cannot imagine the pilgrims having a finer meal and a better time then me and my folks. Well, they did have those cute outfits. Not my folks. The pilgrims. Though mom was working her dangely Christmas tree earrings.Oh. The. Holidays.
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,2/21/2012,67,99,12,12,8>My dog is an evil, energetic creature. He's vindictive and calculating. As such, I try to keep him too occupied to plot my death. I need a dog park. I've enjoyed going to Washington park, but the drive has proved to be a bit too much for me. Imagine my surprise when I found out that they recently upgraded the dog park at Indian School park! The new park is located off the 7th street park entrance, just north of Indian School. It's wonderfully landscaped, with plenty of grass and trees. They're actually in the process of building the big dog park, so right now the park is shared. Thus far I've only encountered friendly and responsible owners, so there haven't been any issues. Unfortunately there are two issues with the park. There are no water fountains inside the park, requiring you to bring your own. Also, the lighting kind of sucks, so if the lights from the football field aren't on it will be fairly dark at night. Regardless of the drawbacks, I'm happy to have found a new place to run the beast.  If you live in the neighborhood, please come by!
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,2/20/2012,235,386,18,16,18>Of course you can get almond milk in your iced latte. Of course the waitress is 90 lbs and wearing a plaid headband with a pixie haircut. Of course everyone who needs to be seen working publicly is there with a laptop, and naturally there are no menus and everyone knows to go in the back...But, fear not the Eau de Hipster that emanates from this lovely place!There's also a gym buddy group drinking tea, my mom and I on a couch in the corner drinking coffee, parents ordering pastries for their toddlers, a husband and wife sharing a scone, and random dudes at the bar chatting up smiling strangers.Just because it's a hipster joint, doesn't mean it's not an everyone else joint, too. And besides, almond milk is the shiznit in iced lattes, so let's just embrace it.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,2/19/2012,224,119,5,12,5>Totally authentic and I am a fan.Small Family business while often unsuccessful, sometimes delivers an experience that you can't extract from the large chains. The friendly service, tasty food, and atmosphere here all make you feel like the ocean should be nearby.... no such luck in AZ though. Everything was clean and well kept...The music was loud and proud...Honestly I just felt like I was on vacation with my wife and the food was quite good. We ordered tostones, mofongo, and fried pork chops with red beans and rice. Everything tasted great and came out hot and on time. People were dancing on the mini stage next to us while they waited for their order and I can't say I wasn't tapping my foot to the beat. The owner thanked me for coming once everything was wrapped up and cracked a few jokes to lighten the wait for the receipt. This is the closest to what I have had in PR here in Phoenix and I would suggest it to anyone who wants to try something new. Great place I will defiantly be back, and hope you can enjoy it too.It's cheap too! price point around 10-15 per head.Only cons:Neighborhood you smelling like pork after leaving :)
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,2/18/2012,337,557,9,10,8>Come to Chino Bandido's with an open mind. It's a fusion between Mexican and Chinese (street) food. A friend and I shared the 2 item combo plate. I know what you're thinking, food combo? Trust me, it's not a combo like Panda Express. It's one of the few places, I'd recommend doing a combo where it works! We selected the Jade Chicken Red in a quesadilla and the Emerald Chicken. On the side we also got the Jerk fried rice and Black beans. I can see why the Jade Chicken red is the most popular dish! It's sweet, tasty, and makes you  keep coming back for more! And they gave us two cookies even though we only purchased 1 plate! So we got to taste the snickerdoodle and volcano chocolate cookie. Total came out to be $8.73 w/ tax. Pretty sweet deal!It's one the Phoenix Area's better cheap eats! We also came at 8:40p (20 mins before closing) and we even got to eat there for an hour after they closed. If this place was closer to my school, I could see myself eating here everyday! From their website: "My name is Pancho Panda. I was too big to fit through the door, so they had to tear out the wall to put me inside, then rebuild the wall. I like my job, and I will be pleased if you touch me, pat me, and rub me for good luck! I feel right at home because I am near the Great Wall of Chino! " ~Mexican Panda
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,2/17/2012,242,266,10,15,14>Craving some sushi, I got a chance to go to Tokyo Lobby for the first time the other night.  After reading a few of my fellow Yelper's reviews on this place I was excited to find good sushi and sashimi on the West Side ~ in Glendale of all places!To my amazement and bewilderment Tokyo Lobby serves some of the freshest and most delicious sushi I've had in the Phoenix metro including Scottsdale!  Wowsers! Why did it take me so long to find this place? Well it's a tiny place joined to a shoe store located in front of the "super-duper-take-your-money-and-run-Walmart-­center" at 57th & Bell.  Since I hate shopping at "wally world" I have been driving past them for months not knowing about this little gem of a sushi restaurant. I sat at the sushi bar where I could have a better view of the sushi maestro Kelvin Kim create the most wonderful sushi concoctions. The restaurant is very clean and nicely decorated with Asian art and a few TV's to watch the games. The sushi bar is the main attraction with Chef Kim and another sushi master working their magic.  The service was top notch, very accommodating and eager to please their customers.Food: Started with Hamachi Belly sashimi ~ very tasty, sweetest tasting tuna ever.  I ordered some fresh wasabi and ponzu sauce to go with my sushi rolls. I ordered the "what the heck" ~ nice punch of heat with great texture from the tuna and jalapeños and the Chicago roll ~ great blend of spicy crab/scallops with salmon.  Both were unique and outstanding!  Topped it all with a $5 sake bomb special ~ large Ichiban beer with hot sake.  "make it a double sake bomb pleeeeaaasseee!" Huge THANKS to my fellow Yelper's for recommending this little sushi gem! I am looking forward to my next visit and trying another one of Chef Kim's sushi creations. I recommend you try Tokyo Lobby next time your craving for sushi and hope to see you there!
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,6/9/2010,239,156,8,11,6>So let me just say upfront that this place redefines kitch! I mean I would be shocked if you could find one square inch on a counter or wall that is not filled with some cutesy cup or sloppy slang. But I adore this place. It's small and there is almost always a bit of a wait, but the staff hustles and they are incredibly friendly. The menu is surprisingly large and creative for a family run, diner style breakfast and lunch place. They offer the obvious choices you would expect of this fare, but then they toss in a little something to juice it up. They have a standing Steak and Eggs special for $5.95 that I have never sampled but I've seen one hell of a lot of them move through that kitchen! They also have a fairly decent all you can eat Fish deal from 11:00 to close. My personal favorites would have to be either... wait for it... "The Julie Plate" (yes it is actually called that) or the Breakfast Burrito (which bulges with ham, sausage, bacon, cheese, chiles, and country potatoes). But try one of their daily specials, like German Pancakes, and you may be hard pressed to go back to the regular menu. One word of caution is that the servings here are HUGE. I can literally make three meals out of the BB and still have a bite or two to share with my dogs. Ronnie's opens at 6:00 or 6:30 a.m. (don't know which, because I'm not awake at that time of day) and closes at 2:00 p.m. It is not pretentious. It is the kind of place that is comfortable, clean, and serves a steady stream of loyal customers which are greeted by name along with hugs and smiles. Prices are reasonable if you consider the amount of food you receive, and the consistent quality / selection far exceeds that of the most popular chains. If you are looking for trend, go somewhere else... it will just make my table free up a little sooner. ; )
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2009,6/8/2010,119,483,5,12,11>I've been in here like a million times to raid the counter at Petit Fromage, but I had never actually tried any of the offerings from D'Licious Dishes.  Finally, the husband and I had way too busy of a schedule to go out to eat or to even make dinner at home so I picked up a piece of sausage lasagna and some garlic mashed potatoes here.Once I got home and reheated my food I nestled up on the couch to eat and watch Judge Judy.  I was not prepared for how delicious my food was going to be!  The garlic mashed potatoes were beyond perfect.  They were smooth and creamy but with some chunky pieces every now and then.  The garlic flavor was perfectly balanced.  You could definitely taste it, but you weren't tasting it hours later.  The lasagna was exceptional as well.  It was also really big for a really fair price, 7 bucks I think.  The noodles were a perfect al dente, the tomato sauce was fresh and robust, the ricotta was yummy, and the sausage had a great kick to it.  I have nothing bad to say about this place!  Plus, they share space with my new obsession, so how can I go wrong?
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,6/7/2010,106,104,14,9,9>Monday Timeline:150p eat lunch at office deli.  chili dog with onions.  bad idea.200p mouth tastes like crap.  drink water.205p defcon 5 with this breath thing.  more water210p decide i want something sweet and delicious to rid myself of this oral stench230p i decide on yogurtland! they have this delicious raspberry yogurt and cheesecake bits! perfection!235p convince dallas g of the wisdom of yogurtland255p we get to yogurtland.  dallas inexplicably wants to park in the sun, not the shade257p no raspberry yogurt.  no cheesecake bits.  no non-dairy yogurt for dallas, that daft vegan258p leaving yogurtland, willing to reinvestigate this Mojo Yogurt prospect307p a parking meter with 13 minutes left on it!308p in Mojo.  depressed because they have no cheesecake but they do have Martina, a very charming employee.  Martina convinces manager to order cheesecake bits.310p i try the latte yogurt. crap311p i try the chocolate.  crap312p last chance: cookie monster yogurt--aaaah!  now we're talking!314p and what do i see here but cocoa pebbles! MMMMMojo!315p dallas pays FTW!!322p we're done with our yogurt327p aaaarrrrrrrggggh chili dog taste returns!  my plans are foiled!charming, yes.  selection, no. cocoa pebbles, yes. martina, yes. being there for me when I was in a vulnerable place, yes.  four stars
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,6/6/2010,447,457,8,17,16>Just hosted a gold party with these folks after attending one hosted by Yelper De Anna L. I have to say, it was a little tough to find people who still had gold - so many have had their homes burglarized :( But, it was great for those who had gold to sell! My guests made money, I made money and De Anna even made money! It was a great way to rustle up some cash for the holidays.They buy all types of gold ~ white, yellow, and tri-colored.  That can be unused or broken jewelry, coins, or even dental gold (though that is gross!).  They also buy platinum and silver that is marked "sterling" or ".925". Jewelers will remove and return any stones that your guests may want to keep. And, you get them back along with your check right there on the spot!  Hosting a party was really easy. I just called and picked a date. There was no back and forth or negotiating. They made the date work. I was sent an email to use as an invitation if I wanted (I used facebook). The buyer needs table space with good lighting and a nearby electrical outlet.  They also raffle off cash prizes to those that sell gold at your party, and your guests can come in at any time while they are there so you can do an "open house" format. Unfortunately, something happened (hopefully nothing tragic) and the guy who was supposed to do my party could not be reached. Janet, the woman who schedules the parties, was so responsive -- calling me to check if he had arrived yet and arranging for a coworker to pick up the party. He was here in no time and was very friendly, polite and professional. Channel 15 Investigative Team compared gold buyers in the Valley and Valley Goldmine came  out FAR ahead of the "competition" with the best prices! I would totally recommend hosting a party if you know anyone who still has gold!
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,6/5/2010,390,126,5,9,8>I went here for a poetry reading/concert that a friend who was on tour had booked.  They do slam poetry once a month or something here, great readers.The place itself is totally cute.  Checkerboard floor and chalkboard signage.  The pizza and sandwich selection is ample and mouthwatering.I had an Italian cold cuts sandwich.  Served hot with red peppers and lots of cheese, this sandwich was amazing.  I think what set it off was the bread.  It was so good I knew my friend had to try it, so I traded him my second half for his meatball.  The meatball was also awesome, very saucy, good spices in the balls.The thing about this place which I love, just like Otto's in Tempe, is that it is a family run business, run with love for the people and food he serves.  When I mentioned my liking of the bread he patted a bag of flour and made a point of the fact that it is never frozen, nothing ever is, he makes the dough each day.There is going to be an expanded bakery in back, a cake shop I think.  This place is going to really hum when they have both businesses going.  Mesa is lucky.At the end of the night, the owner was overly appreciative of my friends words and music.  He asked for an encore and bought one of my friends cd's.  What a guy.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,6/4/2010,218,116,7,9,8>Father time seems to be gaining some ground on this 31 year old. I have been a fairly competitive athlete my entire life. There has never been a time in my life when I wasn't playing on an organized team of some sort. I have also been very lucky to come out of all these years unscathed. Until about a month ago. I started playing soccer 2 times a week and had been playing ice hockey 2 times a week for about a year. One day I woke up and my back didn't quite feel, right. So later that day it was unbearable and asked my father, who has had back problems his whole life, for a recommendation for a chiropractor. He quickly told me Dr. Pete at Arizona Spinal Care will get me fixed up. I called for an appointment the same day and was able to get in right away. Huge bonus. When I met Dr. Pete he went over my symptoms with me and set out a reasonable therapy timeline. Turns out my sciatic nerve was being put under pressure by some muscle in my rather large ass. So, we started with deep tissue and some electric stimulation of the muscle. Let me tell you, the deep tissue gives you that feeling of stop that hurts, but it feels so good. Subsequent visits included the same treatments, along with some stretching and core work. We did go over  the initial timeline of 4-5 visits, but I didn't help things by continuing with my athletic pursuits. After my final treatment, the muscle in my ass felt great and I had no pain in my back at all. Is it fitting that what some people have complimented me on became my Achilles' Heel? Or am I just like Achilles, an epic hero of mythology?  Probably not. Dr. Pete, Chris, and Krystal were all great in helping me to recover. Very flexible scheduling and great hours. Father time may not be a father after all, because I'll tell you what, he's a bitch!!!
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2009,6/3/2010,177,185,13,13,17>Maxim is the perfect spot to get your soup on. I've been a few times this year and usually get cravings on days when the weather is cool or rainy.  On our most recent visit, we were running late, actually they had just turned off the "open" sign. However, when the owners noticed our disappointed faces they waived us back in along with a couple behind us who were just as happy to receive the same treatment.  This alone secures a few stars for feeding us after hours.  Thanks Maxim!On this visit, we had a heaping bowl (shared by two) of wonton noodle soup that allowed for seconds. The soup contained pork, shrimp and stuffed wontons. The broth was tasty and the noodles cooked perfectly.  I've yet to try a soup meal that wasn't excellent. Our second item was the pork and shrimp pancake which I especially like and order every time. It's more like a stuffed crape than a pancake and is very good.  Each meal was served with loads of salad items such as lettuce, cilantro, lime, mint and jalapeños.  You can add these to your meals along with any of the condiments at the table. Yes, they have Sriracha! Other items I've enjoyed that have me returning time after time are the spring rolls and the Pho. The Pho is insanely good. The portion is huge so share with a friend.The only thing that's a little off is the music that's played while dinning. The music was serenading cats meowing. At first I thought it was crying babies but nope, cats.  This is an interesting feature that will take some getting used to, for me at least. Enjoy!
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,6/2/2010,68,47,19,19,17>Three or more months I've wanted to go here. Now I wish I hadn't because all other more conveniently located(for me) ice cream shops will never do it for me again.I was having a hard enough time choosing a flavor when I noticed there was an additional case of flavors on the other side of the counter. How the heck was I going to choose without trying everything? For some reason I always feel guilty trying samples at these types of places.I felt rushed and it had nothing to do with the great staff. Had to do with the 5+ person line that stayed constant the entire time we were at the parlor. I could feel them breathing down the back of my neck waiting for their fix.I tried:Avocado Jalapeno:Sweet rich creamy avocado flavor. I've now tried this in ice cream and gellato form and I gotta say its an amazing flavor. At first I was disappointed because all I had was a sweet/fat/avocado flavor but then at the very last minute I caught the spice and very green/chlorophyll flavor from the jalapeno. In hindsight this was probably a bad choice for my first taste since its a stronger flavor. Think I fried the taste buds.Honey Lavender:Had I tried this first I probably would have enjoyed it more. I got the sweetness from the honey but the lavender was lost on me. Probably due to the avocado/jalapeno I tried before.Irish Cream + Jameson:By this point I was so lost as to what I actually wanted I went with the standby of asking the lady at the counter what her favor was. Expecting her to tell me everything she said nope.. avocado/jalapeno and "Irish Cream/Jameson" now the flavor tag only said Irish cream. My brain was trying to crunch what irish car bomb ice cream would be like. It was delicious caught both flavors and neither was overpowering.They had peanut butter and coconut which would normally be what I would get but I felt I already stole enough counter time and went with the avocado/jalapeno and Irish cream/Jameson. Of course now I remember seeing a chocolate/Guinness which would have been perfect with the irish cream/Jameson that really would have been an ice cream irish car bomb. Next time!I knew they had bacon brittle and there was no way I wasn't getting a bag of that. I would recommend eating this last because again its very strong and I think overpowered the taste buds and the rest of the ice cream lost some of its flavors after that. If your smart just have your ice cream BEFORE you even get the bacon brittle because there's no way you wont tare into it if its in your hands. I don't even think I made it to the register before I was into my bag.This stuff was amazing. Large chunks of smokey bacon in perfectly caramelized sugar. Thank god for this new bacon craze because it really does make everything better.Locally sourced all natural ingredients. Everything made in house from the brownie toppings to the whipped cream.Thanks a lot sweet republic.. you ruined all other ice cream for me. *shakes his fist*
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2010,6/1/2010,732,344,17,16,16>if you haven't eaten lunch yet, i suggest you get your cute little butt over to sonora right now. i had the carne asada taco combo on flour tortillas. It comes with two tacos and rice and beans. I also got fresh guac. aaannnnd i was coaxed into the mexican version of bingsoo (the mexican version is better in my opinion) I had to get it to-go and head back to work... and since my hands were full of that delicious little fruity icee treat, the lovely lady working carried my lunch to my car. how stinking sweet is that? she didn't want it to spill, however, spills were the theme of the day.as soon as i got in my car i forgot about that fruity concotion and stuck my elbow in it. and it tipped over and fell.then i took a sip of my drink and that went down the front of my shirt. did i mention i was wearing white? the tacos were amazing, and the beans were amazing, and the rice too. I could have used a little more heat and I am sure if I used the salsas it would have been perfect, but i didn't want to spill that all over the place so they stayed closed. the fruity dessert thing that i got was so delicious. she made me a special concotion. it was shaved ice with coconut, mango and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. if she could have just blended that with a little rum it would have been the perfect mid-work cocktail. they should seriously start blending that little treat. amazing. next time i will go back when i have time to sit and enjoy, i will also bring a bib with me since i can't seem to avoid making a huge mess all over myself.love this place. delcious.
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,5/31/2010,128,30,22,16,16>Drinking coffee from Cartel makes me want to get my own San Franciscan SF-25B Coffee Roaster, in much the same way I wanted my own pottery wheel after seeing the movie Ghost.It's. That. Good.
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,3/17/2012,238,88,5,5,5>One word: Raspados.Oh. My. God.Seriously, I didn't even know this place existed and now I'm already craving it again. This is simple food done absolutely right. Not loaded with extra ingredients, but each bite is bright, fresh and bursting with flavor. The guacamole was creamy but chunky and perfectly salted. The tacos were amazing... but what really made the meal was dessert- Raspados. Shave ice flavored with your choice of fruits (I had strawberry with pineapple) and then topped with a scoop of ice cream. I'm salivating as I type this. What made it even better was the cook, who is the owner's mother, came out and visited with us for a few minutes. She was the nicest lady, and boy does she cook like a mofo.Eat here for dinner tonight. You wont regret it.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,3/16/2012,425,213,4,7,9>"The Bite Means its Okay to Eat" is the motto at this paleteria.  Consequently, the mold used for making these delectable popsicles has what appears to be a bite mark.  Going in I did not know this, and was aghast when I noticed that someone had taken a bite out of not one but all of my paletas!What sets this wonderful spot apart from ice cream parlors - is not just  ice cream on a stick.  The ice cream is handmade, and only local and seasonal ingredients are used to guarantee the utmost in freshness.  Spices are ground, no preservatives are used, and it's virtually like enjoying a homemade treat.Favorites:Chocolate: blend of chocolate with spices.  Ever had Mexican chocolate?  Decadent, creamy gourmet chocolate with vanilla, cinnamon, and a dash of chile?  This is the ice cream version, and so gorgeous I could not devour it fast enough.Platano: Bananas foster, complete with homemade caramel and Anejo Rum.  Chunky bananas, blended with the sweet and spicy flavors of the rum and caramel - absolutely phenomenal!Zarzamora: Blackberry and Lavender.  Aromatic, tangy and sweet, calming, and just beautiful.Fresa Con Crema: Strawberries and Cream.  Tasted like I had whipped up a batch of strawberries with fresh whipped cream and sugar.  Superb!I recommend this as a wonderful stop after dinner for dessert.  There is plenty of seating inside and out, to sit back and relax and enjoy the flavor explosion.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,3/15/2012,480,193,8,17,11>For what it is, it's the top of the heap.Dive bar with spectacular craft beer selection.Several nights of free entertainment each week, including live bands and stand-up comedy shows, trivia, what else? I guess that's it, but those things are awesome.Friendly staff, clean enough, and i won't pretend to not remember whether or not i already mentioned the spectacular beer selection, but seriously, it's a really special, extensive menu for beer connoisseurs. one of the best (in a small joint) in the valley.
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,3/14/2012,507,585,9,9,7>I think I love pizza more than the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles -- Cowabunga!  Is it worth the wait is what everyone will ask?  Well let's just say it makes it more worthwhile.  YUM -- Indeed!  First off, if you don't know, I'm what scientists call a carnivore -- Meat!  However, to my surprise my favorite slice of heaven was topped with Arugula & Ricotta cheese - Biancoverde is a must -- oh yeah! (think I'm having a pizzagasim here!)  The bitterness of the Arugula along with the sweetness of the Ricotta was amazing.  Like dude...it was awesome.  Our service was kind, fast, and speedy.  Ambience was cute, quaint, and homey....with a rustic feel.  I wish it snowed in PHX it would've added that extra flair of love and tenderness :) - Enjoy!
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,3/13/2012,327,204,12,19,15>NEW PHO SHOP! (1/18/2012)After first seeing the signs for Pho House getting put up a few weeks ago, I knew I had to try this place immediately. This part of Phoenix needed a little Vietnamese dive. Every time I'm sitting at home and have a pho craving, I always have to think in "miles away." It's not always convenient to have to drive ten plus miles for a decent bowl of pho (and by not always, I mean never).  Well, I had dinner there tonight and I can already strongly recommend a bowl of their pho dac biet! Consistency will be key, but the broth was definitely one of the better  pho broths that I've had in the city. Along with the pho, I tried a spring roll and an egg roll. The spring roll was tasty and fresh, and the egg roll was crunchy and delicious! I'd order both again. If you've had good spring/egg rolls at other Viet spots, you'll know what you'll be getting. Oh, and one more thing... no chili oil as of yet. I'm sure that could change in the future, but I was a tiny bit bummed.I think Pho House is totally starting on the right path with its food and friendly service, and if they keep it up, I could see it being a busy little neighborhood restaurant. It's really in a perfect spot that lacks close competition. C'mon, Arcadians and East Phoenicians, go try it and write a review!
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,3/12/2012,100,799,8,8,8>= = = = = = THIS REVIEW IS FOR PETE'S THAI BUFFET! = = = = = =Pete's here serves a regular menu, but friend Alexander C. turned me on to the fact that they are also currently serving a Lunch Buffet every day except Saturday, so I whipped in here today to give it a try, joined by Arlin B. & Robyn N.Like Princess Mediterranean in Tempe, they don't run on a strict time schedule here, so it's a good idea to round off the 11:30 opening time to 12 or 12:30 to give them time to have all the food out.  Once it is, you're going to love it!  We came right at opening time today, & the selection eventually worked it's way up to 17 main food items.I really enjoyed the taste of most of the dishes offered, & it's inexpensive too!  If you like something out of the ordinary now & then, come give this interesting restaurant a try!     :-))Lunch Buffet $7.11 (The "$7.77" advertised included the tax), & BYOB ok.
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2011,3/11/2012,279,329,1,10,7>Wow, what a great venue! Absolutely love Crescent Ballroom. I saw CSS there last Tuesday, and everything about the event was top notch.Crescent Ballroom is a decently sized venue. It was intimate enough to get close to the artists, but big enough to where you didn't feel like everyone was stepping on your toes. The bar and bartenders are great. The separate lounge area is very cool. Nice ambiance. Bathrooms were clean. All the employees were friendly. I'll definitely be back. I definitely would like to try the food too.
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,3/10/2012,378,90,5,9,5>This cardiology office holds a very dear place in my heart. I was born with a cardiac defect, but it didn't require serious attention and surgery until about ten years ago. During that time, I searched and had appointments with at least five different cardiologists in the community. No one can hold a candle to Dr. Feyrer - Melk. (Yes, she has a difficult name, but her initials are AMFM, so for those of you who recall traditional radio, it's actually pretty easy to remember.) The thing about AMFM is that not only is she well-trained and competent in her chosen field, she's a compassionate "hand holder" who can empathize when the going gets tough. And frankly, when you have heart issues, your emotions run high and it's reassuring to have a doctor who truly cares. She would personally call my home to check on me. She gave me her cell phone number when I was stressing out. Her office would fit me in for a same day appointment if I desperately felt that I needed one. AMFM in the process of changing up her practice and I'm not sure if she's taking new patients. If you can't get in to see her, she has a Nurse Practitioner (Theresa Jacobsen) who is also outstanding. (AMFM would demands the same quality in her peers.) As a Nurse Practitioner, Theresa can write prescriptions and do essentially all the things as a doctor.  However if you were to have some extraordinary problem that's outside the scope of a Nurse Practitioner, then AMFM would step in and get you through it. It's really a win-win situation.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,3/9/2012,1710,1170,8,6,6>I HATE going to the Dentist, always have. From the moment I stepped through their door the receptionist was so nice that I almost forgot about the massive amount of pain I was about to endure. Once we got the paperwork straightened out they took me back right away. Being a new patient here the doctor took time to introduce himself and put me at ease. They were kind, supportive, and gentle throughout the entire ordeal.Anyway, the long and the short of it is that I hate these guys less than any other Dentist I've used before, and I strongly suggest them if you are a fellow dentist-hater.
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,3/8/2012,325,381,7,9,7>I had to move in October and I'm no longer in the delivery range of this place, but I still visit when I can and keep in touch with the owner. This is easily my favorite place in town for pizza. The cheesesteaks are incredible as well. The ambiance isn't fancy - it's a little hole-in-the wall of an old strip mall... If the staff is short with you, it's because this place is almost always busy. The best pizza places are usually the ones that are always busy. Think about it. If you ate here and didn't fall in love, you're doing it wrong - try again.
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2008,11/28/2008,36,25,5,11,8>Herb Box- DC Ranch is my new fav eatery for organic, locally grown, tasty lunches!Yesterday we took to the kids and started off with their mango (or papaya- I get the two confused) lemonade.  REALLY sweet, but a cool exotic flavor.  BTW, it is great to find a place that welcomes kids without being a true "kids restaurant".  Couples, singles, families, you name it- you've got the gamut of customers here.We had the BBQ Chicken Flat-bread Pizza and Free Range chicken-arugula wrap with candied walnuts and cranberries.  Today (yeah it was so good we had to come back a day later) had the Market Street Tacos- with fillet, fresh avocados, and some sort of what I call "magic sauce" while the kids split the turkey on a cibata (sp?) sandwich.  Hooooooly cow!!  Imagine an explosion of flavors (all wonderful) sparking in your mouth at once.  it is like a symphony of flavors- each one distinct yet complementary to the other.  Honest to goodness magic to your taste buds.  Of course a restaurant review could never get 5 stars unless it has great service- which it did.  But it also had a little something extra.  Great atmosphere, AMAZING food, and a highly textured (and blended femininity and masculinity) decor.  And the overall vibe was very cool.  Not too snotty (even though some of the customers are), relaxed, and open feeling push the Herb Box over the top to receive a 5 star rating.  I don't know what they serve (or if they are even open for breakfast or dinner), but for lunch, this is a perfect choice.  Now that I've belatedly discovered the location in DC Ranch (their Shea location had catered for us before), you will see me here more often.  Hopefully you will enjoy it as much as my family and I do!  Best wishes.Warmly,Kirin :)
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,11/26/2008,540,167,18,12,11>I'm listening to 2 Live Crew as I'm writing this so I'm feeling extraordinarily misogynistic. Forgive a brotha. There are two things you should know about this place, and it pretty much sums up my entire existence... Take a girl here on a lunch date. She will see you as sensitive and intuitive. You may want to use phrases like "I feel..." and "When Carrie gave her assistant that Louis Vuitton..."Order the Mushroom tart. Or is it tort? If you follow my advice, gentlemen, you'll have a great day. Good luck. And god speed.
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2008,11/25/2008,14,25,4,5,5>Bruschetta, Bruschetta, Bruschetta! + Dinner with a Movie?!Their "planks" of bruschetta are delicious. We picked out four different types with all different attitudes. My favorite was always like a dessert. Prosciutto, sliced figs, mascarpone cheese, and white truffle oil. This was amazing, it was sweet and creamy with the fig and mascarpone, and salty with the cured prosciutto. Another one of my favorites was the Sun-dried Tomato and Goat Cheese. Whoa, again the combination of ingredients was just wonderful. The Sun-dried tomatoes were so juicy and sweet, then with melted salty goat cheese and basil on top. Delicious!The "bruschetta planks" are quite filling for two people so we moved right onto the pizza. We heard the pizzas were excellent, and that was spot on. We split a Truffle Harvest Mushroom Pizza. It was awesome combination of ingredients, (olive oil, tomatoes, goat cheese, mushrooms, and a baby spinach) The spinach was really interesting, they tossed it in a vinaigrette and laid it on top of the pizza. Honestly, I think we came on the perfect night (Sunday), our bottle of wine was HALF OFF! That came as a pleasant surprise, but then I guess they were doing a new thing on Sunday evenings where they turned the lights down and started a movie on their giant projection screen! Casablanca was the movie that evening. Our server told us they play a different film every week. Everything for classics (Casablanca), to comedies (Wedding Crashers). We stayed for the whole film (like everyone else) and was very happy with the feeling of the place. Thanks La Bocca!I am definitely coming back for another Sunday Movie Night!
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2008,11/23/2008,742,648,13,19,16>So me and the Mr have been in Puerto Vallarta for the last week having a wonderful vacation! We ate and drank and drank and of course, drank some more. One of the waiters in PV recommended to us that we try this place as soon as we get back, small world eh?Getting back we tried Huauchinango as soon as we could, within 24 hours! This place is crazy.. after walking in the door we immediately felt like we were back in PV! Some sort of Latin wormhole opened up and transported us right back to Mexico! Oh how I love Latins and wormholes! We were of course the only white guys in the place, well so we thought. We were immediately greeted by a very nice looking white guy.. sweet! He was quick to explain the menu to us as its mostly in Spanish but you can figure it out pretty quickly on your own. Of course me and the Mr went to town!! 2 tacos al pastor, quesadillas, 1 carna asada burrito and a chicken/cheese tamale. All I can say is.. oh, fuck yeah! This place is the real deal! The food is all made from scratch and in house. All the food we ordered was fucking great! The quesadillas were made from masa, stuffed with cheese and chicken then grilled and covered with green sauce, lettuce and cotija cheese. Hot, melty, slightly salty, tender, melt in your mouth good! The tacos al pastor were just like we had in PV! They have a vertical spit loaded with layered pork roast and a pineapple.. all slow roasted to perfection! All that piled onto 2 hot fresh corn tortillas.. divine!! Tamale was perfectly made, tender, non greasy with just the right amount of chili's, chicken and cheese.. here we go again, fuck yeah! Finally the carne asada burrito.. this thing is HUGE! Loaded with tender beef, beans and rice.. was a real gutbuster! Also house made are 4 different salsa's.. red, 2 greens and a habanero salsa that I'm going to feel around the ol' choco starfish manyana! All had wonderful flavors but one of the greens was my fav, I think it was a creamed avocado salsa.. super smooth, kind of spicy and very flavorful! All of this for 18 bucks!! I know I should keep my mouth shut and make this my secret Mexican place but let me tell you, food this good should never be a secret!!Comer con gusto!
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,11/21/2008,76,107,2,11,10>Loved it!!!We went there last Friday night to be romantic and it definitely did the trick. I had never experienced a BYOB restaurant before and after experiencing it first hand I am hooked. We started the evening with the fillet Mignon tacos and they were fabulous, the perfect start. I had the chicken breast. It was stuffed with goodness and was served with squash, corn, and garlic mashed potatoes. A drizzle of pesto lined the outside of the dish and was the perfect accompaniment. My husband has the salmon as was very impressed (I don't do fish so I can't go into more detail). For dessert we had the four berry tarte, it was warm and the perfect end to a fabulous meal. They serve the type of food that continues to come up in conversation throughout the evening, in a good way.
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2008,11/19/2008,493,165,4,6,6>Wow, really this place is as legit as Hammer in the 90's.  This is a place where I take my parents when they say take us to a nice place.  This is also a place where  I would take a date and dump her if she did not like the food.  I did not venture into the Italian side of the menu but will definitely be coming back as much as possible.  My PlateI normally don't write about what I ate but this place is an exception.  I had the tempera plate and it blew my mind away.  Large shrimp fish good veggies and Crab, What this place out did themselves.  The rice is right on and I'm a picky rich eater. And I won't leave out the blue berry banana bread, another nice touch.So why not Five Stars,Well the service was not crazy five star worthy but was not terrible.  Ok I"m sure the more I eat here the more likely it will earn the fifth star, because I have craved the place every night since I first tried it.
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2008,11/18/2008,332,486,15,16,12>Ahhhh, yes. Every woman just loves the Crotch Doctor. I am no exception. There's nothing like spreading eagle in front of somebody you just met, who may or may not know what "gentle fingers" really means. (Uhm, yeah right.)Alas, the search for a great M.D. or OBGYN is one of those exasperating yet essential quests in every woman's life. So, imagine my disdain when - newly located to Phx - I had to strike out to find a female MD I didn't want to strangle. Luckily, luck was on my side. After searching for who was covered by my insurance (on their handy-dandy Web site), I found this place - Central Phoenix Women's Health Care Center - and was introduced to Dr. Susan Morton-Pradhan. I had no idea what to expect. It's like calling a salon and hearing the name of somebody you never met, who could royally f*ck up your hair. But, there's only one way to find out...The Center itself is located in a 3-store office-type building on the South side of Osborn, just shy of Central. You are welcomed by grey walls, stale carpeting, a dingy elevator you fear is going to malfunction at any given moment. Yikes. The Center staff is terse, unwelcoming and standoffish. They seem a tad disorganized, having thought my appointment was for something else and demanded I pee in a cup, just after I had rushed to "empty the pipeline." So, I had to drink 17.5 of their half-sized cups of water-cooler water, trying to entice an encore. That's when they ushered me back through the waiting area and said, "Oh, we don't need a sample... But you can give us one if you want." D'oh! Oh, whatever; they do their job. You fill out paper. You sign-in. You wait. You get weighed. You know, the usual. I can deal with shitty staff, so long as my Doctor is the Patron Saint of Gyno.Now that Dr. Susan Morton-Pradhan has gone to another place, I can review this Center for what it is: A place for women to go when they need their annual screenings, as well as when there happens to be a bun in the oven. (Oops, how did that happen?) Lucky for me, I have no reason to go back, considering my Doctor relocated and, by god!, I'm following her. She's the best Crotch Doctor I've ever had!
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,11/17/2008,236,133,12,10,12>I volunteered myself to help the new boss from Dallas move his mattresses from storage to his new home by buying a truck 4 years ago. FNG.I had put in a few hours at work, and started to get that grumpiness that can only mean that it is time for a bite. You see without food the grumpiness evolves into rash hostility and I decided it was far too soon to pummel my new boss with his own queen sized pillow top mattress.I decided to finally try Z-Pizza as it is right down the street. I ordered a slice, a salad and a soda, while chuckling at the aliteration.The girl working the counter had that first job perkiness to her which was enjoyable. She really seemed to hope that I enjoyed my first trip.The pizza was tasty, thin crust healthyish style. I was a little sad that I had to wait for my salad while I had my pizza, because I planned to eat the salad first making sure the last taste I left with was delicious pizza, but as it turned out the pear and garganzola salad was the highlight of the meal. The walnuts were not over candied, the pears were fresh and ripe, it was perfect for taking away the grumps.I did not throw mattresses.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,11/15/2008,446,326,16,17,17>We stopped here after the food bank VYE, what an interesting place. It has that classic breakfast joint feel to it, until they set down the hummus! I must say it was an interesting treat, and quite tasty.I ordered the green chile omelet which came with your choice of toast and a huge serving of home style hash browns. The omelet was loaded with green chile's and cheese, light, fluffy and cooked to a turn, really good. I was tempted to order the S.O.S. but that would suit me better AFTER the pub crawl.The owner is very personable and a cut up as well. While paying at the register I inquired about the restroom. He deadpanned "It is across the street up on the second floor" while seeming to reach under the counter for a key attached to a wheel rim. He then chuckled and pointed to the left of the register and fessed that it was right there. Back door entrance for quick covert getaways, my kind of joint.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,11/14/2008,83,5,5,8,9>District, it's the restaurant & bar in the newly opened Sheraton in downtown.  What can you say about being at a place on opening really.  It's shiny, the leather is fresh, the decor is new, and so are the staff.  Being the first official day open, there was staff everywhere, but that was taken advantage of quickly.  They all were eager to talk, only thing is most of them have not sampled the full line-up of wares.  I looked for suggestions before ordering, but could not receive any.  By no means did this stop me from trying items though.  The main theme of food and beverages is local, or least from the United States (or territories).  The first thing noticed was the beer on tap, all microbrews, and half of them from Arizona breweries.  The wine list was decent, but 95% of them hailing from California.  Liquor selections were the same, all U.S. made, meaning no tequila.  They were still waiting for half of their bottles to arrive, as the shelves did not match the menu yet.  I suppose items like Tito's Vodka from Texas is not the easiest item to have on hand upon opening.  Although I was promised it would arrive soon.  The menu was not extensive and nothing screamed try me, but a few descriptors did engage my eyes, such as 'angry onions'.  Still, nothing outrageous or unheard of.  Being with a baseball-minded friend, we did sit at the bar (the restaurant being empty) just to have something to watch and decided to sample from several apps.  Local Jerky, as listed, was locally produced jerky ranging from Elk to Buffalo to Turkey.  It came out served on a wooden plank in a small canning jar.  Accompanying it were stone ground mustard, sea salt, and pickled garlic, all in small white angled bowls.  Next item was chips and dips, house-made potato chips in a large bowl on a wooden plank as well.  They came tandem with some very chunky onion dip and boat dip.  The jerky was tasty, with several different styles to gnaw on, it made for a unique gnoshing experience.  The chips were tasty, but about the same as if you made them yourself at home.  Later in the evening we still needed more sampling and ordered up some sweet potato 'tots'.  They were served with ranch on the side and arrived again on the wooden plank.  The tots appeared to have been steamed in Indian tradition.  They were mushy, but in the good sense, and full of flavor.  Overall the food was decent.  The building itself is gorgeous.  The staff needs time to become knowledgeable.  Next time, I may sit and have a full meal.
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2007,10/18/2007,26,116,4,5,7>"Fancy a shoe shine Governaaa?"  (Governor for you non-British)Authentic British style Pub...enough said. George & Dragon is fabulous! On the outside it looks mediocre at best, though the British feel is felt as soon as you walk in and see all the different Football Club Flags, Football Jerseys, (Soccer for you non-British) and UK country flags, and other miscellaneous pub paraphernalia. Inside, the place is warm and inviting, the tables have the Union Jack, English Cross, and London Underground Logos on them. The crescent shape booths are comfortable, and the bar has ample seating. This is place you go to with friends, or a date, and just spend hours talking over some pints.  The music is chosen by the patrons via a "secret" jukebox, so it can vary from Van Morrison, to Curtis Mayfield, to Outkast.  I went with my favorite pub "friend', one that we can just talk for several hours and not really notice the time, so it made the experience that much more enjoyable. This is really a place you can just loose track of time and amount of pints consumed, as you expect to walk outside and hop on some form of public transportation and make your way back to your flat (apartment for you non-British). I guess the war zone that is Central Ave, will bring us a form of transportation in this area, but judging by the condition of this road, we have a bit of time to wait.  As I was waiting for my friend I chatted up a guy sitting outside about how I drove from The Roosevelt to G&D on Central Ave. He asked me "what do you have a 4x4?" and was serious. I said "No I have a Golf, but it's German."  Moral of this story, avoid Central Ave. at all costs.  The one small downside, (bathroom issue) is the size of the bathrooms, they have just one toilet,  for men and one for women, which really is meant  for just one person at a time. In traditional European fashion,  I was "doubled up on".  As I went in to relieve myself, a dude just followed me in and was planning on using the above mentioned toilet, as I took the urinal.  I said "Hey, you doubling up in here?" He proceeded to respond "Hey we are guys, it's cool" This is the type of place that doubling up in the men's bathroom is OK, it just adds to th charm, hey you could triple up here, as they do have a sink as well. ;)
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2007,10/17/2007,223,709,,11,9>This is the coolest restaurant I've been to in a long time.  I went to Tradiciones today for a Sauza training.  I didn't get to eat in the actual restaurant, but I did try the food they put out for us in the banquet room and it was delicious.  They had taquitos, enchiladas, burritos, quesadillas (delicious!), rice, beans, fruit, chips and salsa.  They also had our own private bartender set up so everyone could get drinks (including mango, strawberry and blueberry margaritas) during the meeting.Our banquet room had huge murals covering the walls, and vibrant colors everywhere you looked.  The rest of the restaurant was decorated to feel as if you were in someone's sprawling home in Mexico City.  It's a very authentic looking place, and as you walk in, you'll feel like you're in a little mercado, with booths where people are selling clothes and other items. They also have an area outside where people can order items like enchilada sauce and meat.  Pretty cool.  If you're hungry for tradition, screw Macayo's and come to the real deal at Tradiciones!
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2007,10/16/2007,275,351,14,12,8>Confession Number One: It is all Erica's fault. She invited me over here after work one day and I said, "You mean Time Out Lounge, right? Are you joking Monkey Pants? Normally that is said like a punch line...right?" She giggled. "They take cards-TOL is cash only. And its fucking cheap." Well. Cheap drinks get me every time. Sure, I 'll try Monkey (snicker) Pants.As I pulled up, I kept looking around, maybe worried all the hipsters from TOL or Yucca would stand in shock and point down the strip mall "Yo! You in the 'ironic' Genesis shirt and cat eye glasses-didn't you mean to get some shitty beer and download some Pixies on THIS side of the strip mall?!?" And I would have to say..."Yes. I wasn't gonna go to a fucking place called MONKEY PANTS-plfft- C'MON!"But...Confession 2: I love Monkey Pants. Dude, they take CARDS. Their happy hour is incredibly HAPPY. Buck fifty wells in a PINT glass, heavy handed? Cheap huge basket of fries? Reasonably priced beer ANYWAY? Trivia cards strewn about? Terrifying teddy bear wearing 80s workout clothes, taunting me to be a winner on their wall? More TVs than "Videodrome" or a bad 80s performance art piece (or Remote Control's Champion Room-yeah, MTV reference)? And just when you think you can't triple fist cheap G&Ts any longer...8pm rolls around and its SPECIALS time! Yippie!Confession 3: I have been here more times than Time Out Lounge...during the day. TOL is for late at night. MP is for when you wanna get someone drunk you don't want your friends to know about and do them fast...and hit the hot hipsters for sloppy scenester seconds after midnight, ya know? Listen, I'm poor. And 15 bucks for being so trashed I had to call up a friend to help me to their house ONE BLOCK AWAY (twice) for over three hours of fun. Shit.Yeah, the decor is kinda weird, a little Ground Roundish, I love the Legs Lamp, the bathroom is in the weirdest place ever, and you won't find your dream lover in front of the acoustic set they have. But Nate at the bar will take care of you (and your broken dreams), the regulars are ridiculous and your smoker friends can chill on the front patio and bring their drinks with 'em. Plus they have all this popcorn and you can throw at your friends near the shuffle board.So Monkey Pants completes my Shitty Trifecta of Yucca, Time Out and Monkey-a Bermuda Triangle of Sleaze, if you will.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2007,10/15/2007,67,156,1,5,6>If I didn't have better restraint, I could see myself spending a lot of money in this place.  The selection is kinda sparse, but what they do have is a colorful variety of vinyl toys, books, shirts and art.I was immediately drawn to the display cases of open-box vinyl toys.  I fluttered against the glass like some monstrous moth to a flame.  I wanted them all (but, responsibly, settled for a single Dunny Azteca).The adult in me knows better than to go back and blow all my cash on toys, but it would be a great place to buy gifts for others.
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,10/14/2007,38,104,2,7,4>I have never sweat so much as I have when I go to the dance floor at Suede.  Everyone is literally on top of each other and usually too drunk to notice, so if youre not in that frame of mind yet, I recommend that you head out to the patio and start shooting whatever "that guy" is buying.  Suedes got a cool atmosphere inside and out, especially if you can go on a night where you can actually see whats what, and has great food if you can get in before the masses take over.  They play hip hop after 11 on the weekends, theres cover for guys and not girls, and a dresscode as well.  Drinks are pricey but average for Scottsdale, watch out for doubles of Grey Goose.  Standard Scottsdale bar...  Good times.
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,10/13/2007,11,27,1,5,3>To all my size 11 sisters out there......this is a site for sore eyes in the shoe world!  I stumbled across this place as I was on my way to Nordstrom Rack to rummage through the stacks of size 11 mark downs.  Low and behold right next store I noticed the Designer Shoe outlet.  Now, if you have big footsies like myself, you know that we normally don't go to these places because they never have cute shoes for us.  However, when I walked by, my inner shoe vibe told me that this was worth a peek.  Not only do they have size 11..........but they have graciously taken all of the size 11's and put them in a special area for us so that we don't have to search endlessly for them! How awesome is that? I'm not talking about the lone rack shoved in the back by the delivery entrance...oh no....I'm talking 5 or six big racks of shoes.  I walked out of there with 2 very cute pairs of shoes and only spending around $100 bucks! How great is that?  I had to restrain myself, and said farewell to some very cute pumps that were a nice to have vs. a need to have.  I'll be visiting this place again for sure!
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,10/12/2007,17,28,2,5,3>I'm always nervous about finding a dentist when I move to a new city, but when I moved to Phoenix, I was lucky enough to know someone here who loved her dentist, Dr. Beischel. I went in today for a consultation and seriously, everyone at this office is amazing. Lois, the front-desk person (is receptionist an acceptable term these days?), is one of those super-charming old ladies who prides herself on recognizing patients who only come in once a year. I don't remember the dental hygienist's name, but she was German and also awesome. But Dr. Beischel! This guy is top-notch! He's great-looking, first of all, which is a great feature for someone who spends the whole appointment about 3 inches from your face. He is green-eyed, as am I, so he also gets bonus points there. He's also genuinely funny (not just I-tell-the-same-jokes-all-day funny) and just nice as hell. He even complimented the work of my pediatric orthodontist (yay, Dr. Reynolds!). So, go see Dr. Beischel! He will take good care of your teeth, and charm you half to death in the process. Seriously. You'll get lost in his eyes.ETA: I had two cavities filled by Dr. Beischel on Monday, and it was an entirely pleasant experience. I was in and out in like 45 minutes, and they even called me on Wednesday to make sure everything was feeling okay. I love these guys.
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,10/11/2007,35,30,,3,3>I am from out of town (portland oregon area) and travel to chandler on business at least once/month.  I used the dolce salon the last time I was in town to get my hair cut since I have trouble finding the time while I'm at home.  I really liked the place, they were accommodating to my situation and the stylist that I had was great.  I really liked the cut she gave me, and she gave me a few tips on styling that I hadn't thought of before.  I expected to pay a bit more but it was just as much as I pay at home for a smaller salon (although my salon is nice too, and not too high end 'expensive'.)  I will definitely go again if I have trouble finding time to get an appointment at home.  I still prefer my 'home' salon but dolce is a great alternative.  I really want to try their facials or get a pedicure next time I'm in town!
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2007,10/9/2007,83,125,,4,1>Another great place to hang(pun intended?). The Paper Heart Gallery has, surprise, a Gallery! My first experience there was at a Premier for a movie that I had worked on when I first moved to PHX called "Yesterdays Tomorrow". It's not a good spot really, for that, but only because it doesn't get dark enough for most budget (under $20 grand) projectors to look good. I've seen some bands there on First Friday's, this is another one of the stops on First Friday most of my friends hit. But there is nothing there to bring me back, if I did feel like driving to PHX, that is.
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2007,10/8/2007,30,54,5,4,2>The better known location is on Mill Avenue.  Which is precisely why I prefer this one down on McClintock.  There are three important things to know about Silvermine Subs.  They serve Submarine style sandwiches.  They are open until 3am, and they deliver.My personal favorites are the Dodge City, and the Georgetown with no avacado.  Don't get me wrong. I love avocado.  Lustily and with a passion that I simply can't express for most foods.  Avocado is the metaphorical cherry on my proverbial sunday.  The avocado at Silvermine's is most assuredly NOT avocado.  It is some sort of pureed concoction that strongly resembles what I would imagine would come out of the ass of an incontinent goblin.The service is pretty good, but watch them when they make your sandwich.  They are all stoned all the time.  This is a good thing in a sandwich maker, but sometimes you have to make sure they remember that you wanted extra cheese, or no tomatoes or whatever blows your skirt up.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2008,2/7/2008,72,172,4,4,6>Gawd i love this place.  Anyone wanna meet me for chicken and waffles???I got lost the first time i went looking for it, but the search was well worth it.  GREAT chicken and real homemade waffles that put eggos to shame.Try the mac and cheese too.  I'm sure that if Lolos was closer to my house, i would gain 20 pounds
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2008,2/6/2008,45,13,5,5,8>If you're looking for a mesquite flame grilled burger (or chicken) and you value the taste and quality of the meat as well as the overall grill flavor of the burger....Then the Chuck Box is the only place to go in Phoenix.  There is a reason its packed at lunch.  There is a reason its been around for years while other places come and go.  There is a reason the locals swear by it.  There is a reason the atmosphere is minimal and the main draw is the burger.  The Chuck Box burgers are that good.Why are they that good?  Its a mesquite open flame grill that has not had time to cool down in 20 years.  Trust me the burgers are moist and oh so full of that grill flavor.As far as Mullac's review: Garbage, his other reviews are of bistros, not a burger expert.  As far as the condiment bar, its minimal because the burgers are 1lb and trust me when I say they only need minimal condiments to add flavor to the burger.  He prefers "flat griddle-surface" for a burger, that disqualified the review right there.Oh and Lauren: Its busy during lunch because its that good.  If the burger at the Chuck Box was OK where did you have better?Sorry I love food, and the Chuck Box got me all through college and is still a favorite.  Yes I created a Yelp account just to write this review.  Look at all the people who know what they're talking about, all the ones rating Chuck Box a 5.
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,2/5/2008,154,77,8,17,13>Blah, blah, blah.... best pizza in the world.... Almost silly for me to write a review about Chris Bianco's Pizzeria, but here goes....Kari and I cook at home, for ourselves and for groups, 5 or 6 days a week unless we're traveling. And we often cook even when traveling. Doesn't leave us much time for going out to eat. That said, our little group hits Bianco EVERY week. It's a ritual. One night a week, we go early, drink wine, get a grilled cheese or cheese plate, and wait... sometimes waaaaaaaaaaait. Knowing them doesn't get you in faster; in fact it might be a detriment. But it never disappoints. You really just have to make a night of it.Tips for making a night of it:  - come with people you know & like. a first date there can be brutal!  - bring layers: if the wait is long, the weather can change.  - plan on drinking and getting snacks next door at Bar Bianco.  - bring games or other distractions: we're the idiots that bring mexican train dominoes or dice every week.  - when Sue quotes you a time, it's accurate. live it.  - make friends with the people who are waiting near you. some of them are in our foodie circle now. it's like a micro-YELP at the picnic table.We've eaten pizza all over the country, all over the world... NYC, SF, Italy, Des Moines, IA & St Joe, MI... wherever! To say that one and only one pizza is the "Best Pizza in the World" is kind of ridiculous. But if I had to pick only one, last pizza, it would be Chris' Special - whatever he wants to make that night.(disclaimer: i'm not gonna order the special tonight, i usually let everyone else do that and eat theirs. i'll order exactly what i want: margherita w/mortadella, rosemary and garlic. but IF it were my last pizza ever... the special. and that night, the special would probably be: margherita w/mortadella, rosemary and garlic).
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/4/2008,49,64,4,9,8>Best, BBQ, ever.It made the 12-hour drive worth it.  Between three people, we had the Hog Heaven: chicken, St. Louis ribs, babyback ribs, and brisket.The sides were awesome too!  All of them!  The service was also excellent.  Manager came by and asked if everything was alright and the place was packed.Afterwards, we went to the lounge that's connected to the restaurant called Q-Lounge.  There were a lot of fat chicks.Apparently the owners traveled all across America and sampled different types of BBQ and thereafter, created Bobby-Q.
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2007,2/3/2008,215,277,17,6,8>As a Socially Liberal Feminist I would NEVER go here, but if I slipped up, The Hi-Liter  would be my favorite of the genre.I've heard that it's just seedy enough, but not too much, and with top notch "talent".  I mean ... that's what I've heard anyway.*Oink Oink*
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2007,2/2/2008,112,364,8,5,8>Alright folks. Let's not get carried away. When it comes to the whole "I can't stand people with fake boobs and $300 sunglasses surrounded by hip decor" thing, I stand with you. We are kindred spirit. That's not really my scene either and I can only tolerate it in small doses. But I don't believe in punishing an establishment that has worked hard to create a cool space for people to get together and have fun, just because of the social demographics of its crowd. Is the crowd really that important anyway, if you're there with your own group? The Vig is exactly what even its complainers concede in their reviews: a very cool, trendy, "modern tavern" with an urban theme to its decor. Outside it has a giant fireplace and plenty of heatlamps to go around (wintertalk here, obviously), as well as comfortable outdoor couches and comfie chairs for groups of people to sit, drink, and blab. The staff is very friendly. At one point we moved to the interior, because the two friends I was with (one from Canada, the other from Chicago; they should be ashamed) were "too cold" as it was getting windy out, and we enjoyed the inside too. The 3 of us were pretty entertained trying to figure out the crowd. Who are these people? They're not exactly the Scottsdale species (maricopus cosmeticimprovementus), though they appeared closely related. Definitely not Central Phoenix types (randomus emohippopotamus). Too old to be from ASU. The median age was probably 35 on the Friday night I was there. 30something douchebags galore. Investment bankers from the Biltmore area maybe? That was one of my friends' hypothesis. I thought it was a good one. But I also theorize that there is some element of the crowd that is influenced by the Vig's proximity to Paradise Valley, which is only 4 minutes away (for those who don't know, PV is Phx's residential answer to Beverly Hills; many celebrities who move here live in PV). Hollywoodus donchawannabelikeus?So yeah, you might not fit in with this crowd but why should that stop you? By 7 or 8 o'clock, the Vig was completely hopping with good music and tons of people packed inside having fun, including us. We didn't try the food because the reviews seem to have torn that aspect to shreds. But the happy hour beers were 3 bucks each and appetizers were half off. What's wrong with that?EDIT: One warning. The parking. Three bucks to valet, and I still have no idea where you would park for free to avoid that on a crowded night. Maybe across the street in the Basha's parking lot?
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2007,2/1/2008,56,258,6,9,9>Is Scotsdale Fashion Square the biggest mall in the West? We walked in Sunday morning, 10:30 AM Sunday 11/25 of Black Friday weekend, to find it closed to the public till 11 AM but filling up with people. I am not a Mall person, but I use the Westside Pavilion (WP) as reference. This Mall is probably 3 times as long, and they have a right angle that is about as long as WP,  and they are expanding in a few months. As I was store gazing and drinking my coffee, I was overtaken by an elderly couple, in full track suits and workout shoes! They...Were... PowerWalking! In the Mall! Seems this is a common occurrence here, as the summertime heat of 125 F prohibits exterior activity. Apparently this Mall is an alternative recreational facility for many. Amen.I looked in this store, and immediately thought, Chain Store. It was that pretty, well planned, styled. But no, as I talked to the saleswoman, who turned out to be the owner, this is the #1, the only, the beginning. 90% of the product is organic, 90% is Made In America, and one day they hope all will be manufactured here. The toys are made of wood, the clothes are inviting and unique, they sell bedding that is 100% US made and organic, what more can you ask for? Renewable resources, you say? They are. And the cotton in the organic bedding is even grown from a strain that is already colored black, white or gray, so that no dying is needed.Right in the middle of Chain Store Inc, shines this little gem. I hope it flourishes. Your children will thank you, some day, for shopping here.
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,1/31/2008,723,406,10,10,8>I hail from the Mekong Delta, so I don't like the sun or heat, because if I'm not wearing SPF 45, I look like I've been working in the rice paddies after about an hour.It also freaked me out to see people lying about getting lobster red by 11:00am with apparently no concern about a little thing called SKIN CANCER.  But... whatever.That said, I had a great time in my ginormous $1200 a night suite for 3 nights, courtesy of my very generous clients.  The service is impeccable, although the decor is a bit creepy... In my opinion, it needs a major overhaul because, while it's very well maintained... there are lots of taupe and brown tones... which reminded me too much of the WASPy decor that my parents might really enjoy.  *shudder*The high tea here is FABULOUS.  Instead of the traditional tiered tray with your finger sammies and sweets served in a single round... brace yourself for it: they make multiple rounds with trays of the goodies and offer you MORE sweets or savories - whatever you want.  It's basically a high tea buffet, but without being tacky.  I was in absolute finger sandwich HEAVEN.  The spa services are expansive and very well executed.  I had an amazing Table Thai Massage and an excellent facial here... The staff are very professional, and the meditation/relaxation area is a wonderful amenity.Being a bit of a masochist, I also signed up for 3 private pilates sessions... and got my ass kicked.  The instructor (who's name eludes me, and for that I apologize) had me in the most exquisite pain for a solid week.  My core was challenged in ways that I've never experienced before - this from someone who has been taking pilates and yoga consistently for over 8 years.  The pilates sessions were focused on technique and I really worked the deep muscles, and was extremely pleased with the results.  The next time I'm in Phoenix, I will definitely sign up for another round of torment - so worth it.The view from Marie Elaine's is breath taking at night... and the food is absolutely exquisite.  Every dish was superb; I could have been delighted with everything on the menu; it was a very difficult process to commit to my appetizers and entrees.  Absolutely sumptuous.  And, for more casual eating, the 19th Hold Grill and Patio was a score - their bread basket included an out of this world "pretzel bread" that was tender and delicious... I ate two of them and didn't give a damn about the carb content.  Perfection!The next time I need a Southwestable get away... I'll be at the Phoenician.  Just not in a $1200 a night suite.
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2007,1/30/2008,742,648,4,5,4>Oy vay! If I had a Jewish grandmother this is what she would have said about me eating to much! My make believe grandmothers name is Chompie, short for Selchompma. I try to visit her as often as I can even when its been a few weeks she always welcomes me back, like a good grandmother does. She makes the chewy yummy bagels that a chubby guy like me cant resist.. her pirogies are so delicious that 8 of them aren't enough.. everything she has ever cooked me has always hit the spot.. oh Nana Chompie  knows that spot really well.. from the home made pickles she puts on the table to the deep fried goodness of the Monte Cristo sandwich.I take solace knowing that she will always be there for me, even though she is just a wonderful deli.. I look forward to her warm embrace.
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2007,1/28/2008,44,30,6,1,5>Like my new friend Thomas from the yelp event, I forgot to bring my stilletos to strut the runway.   It was a very unique environment and believe will set the trend for future az restaurants.  Met the GM, nice guy and excited about the opportunity at hand. food was good.  I preferred the corn cakes with avocado.  had a great glass of pinot g to compliment the appetizers.  The 5 star compliment of the evening goes to Kristy.  She remembered everyones names and drinks all evening.  (plus she was easy on the eyes).  Between Kristy, the Pinot and the runway.... I will be back soon.Z
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,11/1/2012,261,392,5,9,5>The Grind is a strong contender in the burger wars. I had to try the Sweet and Spicy burger after hearing about the candied jalapeños, and it was so good I ordered it during a return visit. My only problem with the burger is that it is, in the words of Tiny Elvis, "huge". In order to feel halfway human after eating here, I really ought to split one with my dining partner. That will leave room for their incredible buffalo wings, which I've noticed have escaped mention in most Yelpers' reviews.Simply put, the wings here are exceptional. Although they only offer one flavor of hot wing, their take on the classic buffalo wing is a keeper. The sauce is bright and tangy (and I recommend ordering some of the wing sauce on the side as it would even make a flip-flop dipped in it taste AWESOME). What really completes the wings here is the char. I guess that bajillion-degree-oven really adds the finishing touch, as the burnt and smoky flavor that comes through is pure wing bliss.So I recommend if you go to The Grind, do try the burgers. But split the behemoth and save room for the wings. That way you won't need the Oompah-Loompahs to roll your bloated ass back to your car and you will have a dining experience to remember (and to salivate about, in retrospect).
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,10/31/2012,230,139,4,8,5>I'm so happy this is in Gilbert!  I've only been once, but I want to be here every day!  The decor is upscale casual, very pleasing to the eye, swanky, and the place is family friendly.  Plus, they play great music.11am - 5pm everyday wine by the glass or a pitcher of beer is $5.  Mondays and Tuesdays after 8pm $20 for any house bottle of wine and bruschetta.This is a wine bar, but the food is what draws me in.  There's an OK selection of wines and beers, but go for the food and atmosphere.Favorites:- Bruschetta (choose 4 from 11).  I liked the Smoked salmon with pesto and Tomato jam & fresh sheeps milk cheese.- Olives (expensive, but soooo good)- Chicken & Mozzarella Panini
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,10/30/2012,301,169,12,16,11>I haven't seen pancakes like this since an episode of the Flintstones - definitely caveman proportions!  My son had 2 chocolate chip pancakes the size of tires.  My mom's omelette appeared to have an entire cheese wheel tucked inside, along with bacon & avocado.  I had a fruit bowl :(  But at least my coffee was good.I will be returning when I'm not on a diet!
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,10/29/2012,341,239,7,13,11>The salsa bar is "all that and a bag of chips!" "Since when do you go to a salsa bar, where the salsas are actually really full of flavor, thick (not watered down), and unique?!" as my friends put it so well! It's sounds strange, but the pecan salsa was delicious! The peanut salsa was still spicy but had a hint of peanut in it, so it wasn't overwhelmingly "peanuty." There was a strawberry rhubarb pepper type of salsa. This may sound a little too strange for most, but it was almost like a spicy dessert type sauce. Don't forget to order some margaritas to wash those salsa and chips down. I would say you could get filled up on salsa, chips and margaritas alone here and be more than satisfied, but I'm not sure the owners would be too happy about that! The salsa variety was nothing less than astounding! And don't worry your precious little heart. There are traditional ones too: green tomatillo, chipotle red pepper, jicama, and cilantro... just to name a few!Slow roasted cochinitas pibil (pork) tacos, slow cooked chicken mole tacos, beer battered Dogfish shark tacos, battered shrimp tacos, el gaucho steak in chimchurri sauce tacos with guacamole. Oh gawd, yes! And affirmative... these were all eaten in one sitting.... well, with a little help from Bryan too. He's so thoughtful for that too. I might have died from eating too much. We live so far from here that I just wanted to "stock up," and I came oh so close to having to be rolled out of the place like that "blueberry girl" from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory!
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/28/2012,96,111,4,13,6>The grand opening was yesterday and we were there tonight! My son got a $5.00 Large 1 topping pizza. He said it was good and ended up eating 1/2 of a large pizza!I did the Provolone Cheese steak. Very good! Filled with lots of meat, peppers, onions, and Mayo! The bread wasn't soggy even though it was a little messy. I do think the peppers could be cooked a little more, they were crunchy and I don't like them like that. I will retry on the next visit.Hubby got a steak, cheese, and mushroom. He said it was very good. He got the Onion rings and was disappointed. They were greasy and not as good as the one in Tempe. We also got an order or cheese bread and it was awesome.The can probably hold about 25 inside and they have tables outside which is where we sat since the weather was so nice.Over all I wish them the best of luck and plan to go back again.
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,10/27/2012,497,129,11,12,11>When you promise desert to a three year old, you had better come through...they have minds like steel traps!  So the moment we finished lunch, my daughter lovingly reminded us about our aforementioned promise.We went next door to Angel Sweet, not knowing exactly what to expect. I had heard lots of great things, but you never really know for sure about something until you try it yourself. After all..."opinions" and whatnot...At first glance, the facility comes across as small. There are only three tiny tables inside, each with two chairs, and all in very close proximity to one another. Now, there are a few random seats near the window, and there's a park style bench on the wall under a mural of a couple of small shops, I can only assume Italian. My first thought was, "I'll bet this place gets uncomfortably crowded during the peak summer months." But, I digress.When you look at the displays for the various gelato flavors, you understand where all of the square footage went for this building. There are at least 20 different varieties of gelato, each flavor laid out like a work of art under that glass. It almost makes you want to eat them all (*NOTICE: DO NOT ATTEMPT THIS RIDICULOUS FEAT!!! That would be gastrointestinal suicide).We had plenty of time to study the flavors on our inaugural trip, as the gelato pusher was nowhere to be found. For a brief second, I thought to myself, "This is going to end badly...). Moments later, I realized why there was a little hold up...the gelato man emerged from the back room with two more gelato trays to fill a couple of voids under the glass. His emergence might as well have been in slow motion. He was carrying two heaping masses of fresh gelato art. I think I saw smoke...and possibly doves. There might have been 80's hair metal in the background. The whole thing just SCREAMED "John Woo".After relieving himself of the two new flavors on the street, he apologized for the wait, and then explained a few things about the gelatos to us. He mentioned to us that we were allowed to sample as many flavors as we wanted. Now, at most gelato places, they give you that weird square spoon to try the samples. Not here. They give you full sized plastic teaspoons!I only needed one sample. The Panna Cotta was AWESOME! I They offer a variety of cones, but I always go for ice cream in a cup (you know...to avoid the extra calories). They offer small, medium large, and kid's sized cups. Within the small, medium and large cups, you are allowed to mix up to three flavors. In the kid's cup, you can only mix two. Now, usually, when you get ice cream in a cup, there's lots of leftover space after the attendant scoops in your confection. Not here. This guy filled this cup like he was filling a hole in drywall, and his deposit depended on it!In retrospect, I should have ordered the kid's cup. This gelato is HEA-VY!!! There's a disclaimer about that very fact next to the cash register, but I guess I was too mesmerized by the beautiful gelato to notice until it was too late.Bottom line...this place is AWESOME!!! Just remember to heed the warning. A little of this stuff goes a LONG way!
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,10/26/2012,411,271,9,14,14>I was one of Those People who insisted I would never, ever go to Pizzeria Bianco.  I had no interest in waiting 3+ hours for the privilege of eating pizza.  Bah Humbug!Wait...  what is this?  PB is open for lunch? On Saturdays?  Without a wait!?  OK, I take that all back.  Let's go!On a recent Saturday we made our way to Heritage Square.  I approached the little restaurant/house building with a hefty dose of skepticism.  Could it really be *that* good?The space is not very large, and was nearly full at 11:30.  Grabbing two open seats at the bar (with a great view of the wood-fired oven), we decided to try two pizzas:Sonny Boy ($16) - Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Sopressata (salami), Gaeta Olives.  As I am not a fan of olives, I asked for this to be served without them.  It was really just OK.  The crust was slightly overcooked making the edges more burnt than charred.  Also, it was sliced haphazardly, making the slices strange sizes and shapes.I was not very impressed.  Until the second pizza arrived:Biancoverde ($16) - Fresh Mozzarella, Parmigiano Reggiano, Ricotta, Arugula.This was a very interesting and tasty pizza!  A perfect blend of cheeses and garlic.  The Arugula was a nice contrast to the perfect blend of cheeses and garlic.  And, unlike the Sonny Boy, this crust was delicious!About a week later, I had the opportunity to enjoy a couple of other PB varieties (in addition to the Biancoverde) during lunch with a few (skeptical) co-workers:Rosa ($13) - Red Onion, Parmigiano Reggiano, Rosemary, AZ Pistachios.  This sounds like a strange combination, but it works!Wiseguy ($16) - Wood Roasted Onion, House Smoked Mozzarella, Fennel Sausage.  Good, but did not take the place of the Biancoverde as my favorite.It was fun to watch their nervous expressions at the sight of an arugula-covered pizza turn to smiles of delight at their first bites.So, I am glad I finally gave PB a try.  Will I ever wait hours and hours for these pizzas?  No!  However, you may find me there at lunchtime, savoring a Biancoverde with a smile.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/25/2012,2178,528,23,23,21>I had an "herb box" in college I remember. Kept it under my bed. Or in the back of the closet. Or in a shoe. Gee, that was some herb I can't even remember...This Herb Box however, I shan't ever forget!!!Butternut Squash Enchiladas. White Bean Chicken Chili. Crab Cilantro Dip. The Zucchini soup of the day...ALL...outstanding!!!Now that I've moved back to DC Ranch I'm so glad to see the Herb Box and even more excited that this is my new "Cheers". Sorry Gallo Blanco, though I miss you madly...I've found another relationship. And no it's not complicated!Quite simple in fact. Delicious, fresh ingredients. Delightful, warm staff and a cozy and bright spot on Market Street.I've been here with family. With friends. And even a date. Herb Box, if I stick around AZ long enough, I just may ask you to marry me!So step outside of your "box" and head to The Herb Box. But call me first and I will meet you there!!!
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,10/24/2012,375,90,13,13,15>It's all true! Jenny is amazing!My husband and I had an elopement ceremony in St. Lucia about a week ago. We married in April after a little over a year of engagement because we just couldn't wait anymore.  I know, I know...barf, right? After 7+ years of screwy on and off intense passion, boozy shouting matches and emotional reunions we finally grew up and realized we didn't really want to live without each other if we didn't have to....so we decided not to... Pretty cool eh. :) And so began our journey into adulthood (in our 30's) and my journey to find a dress that didn't make me look like a porn star or a beached whale (both of which are looks that have landed me on my own personal 'wost dressed' list in the past). Jenny took a dress that when purchased, I was swimming in, and turned it into a glorious doily that appeared to be sewn to my body. I could bend, I could breathe, I could do a creepy pathetic strip tease in our suite to lure my hubs to the buffet because I had too much rum at 10am.... (pre-ceramony jitters)This woman is amazing at her craft and I would trust her to alter anything to perfection. Dealing with the material of my dress was no easy task and upon close inspection, you would never know it had been touched by a seamstress. The turn around time was very quick and I had my finished dress weeks before my trip. I highly recommend Jenny and Perfect Bride Alterations and Couture.
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,10/23/2012,156,158,6,11,8>We are really lucky to live so close to this place.These guys are great.  Very friendly, very knowledgeable, and their prices are fair.We went in shortly after moving into the neighborhood, we have two fairly new beach cruisers, my back tire was a little wobbly, and my husband needed a light.  They looked over both of our bikes and let us know what they needed, aired up the tires, and set up an appointment to true up my back tire, it was done on time and for a good price.They also upgraded my husbands bike light for a better one, really nice of them.
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/20/2009,4/20/2009,1070,742,13,19,20>While waiting on a phone order of sweet potato fries from Gallagher's yesterday, I discovered a restaurant on the other end of the block sporting a "Grand Opening" banner (where Moe's Southwest Grill used to be).  Yay!  Another venue offering soul food with candied yams on the menu!!  Since none of the employees could answer my food allergy concerns that afternoon, I'd have to call the next morning.Earlier today I was able to get my food issues cleared and decided I'd have a late lunch (or early dinner) of BBQ platter with three meats (choice of beef brisket, chicken on the bone, pulled pork, or rib tips).  I ordered the meats dry since the BBQ had allergens.  Dinners come with two sides and cornbread, so I chose candied yams and brown sugar baked beans and asked that the cornbread be packaged to go.(Before I placed my order, I asked if I could sample the meat since the last time I tried BBQ meats on the dry side, I found them quite tasteless; the cook was more than happy to hand me a sample of the brisket.)Liked the brisket; the meat was so tender and moist and  tasted like a smoky version of corned beef.  The chicken was good, too, but the meat was still red and slightly raw when I sliced into it for a peek underneath.  I showed it to the server who started to say that the chicken is usually served that way, but she took it back for more time in the oven when I asked.  Unfortunately, the chicken was very charred when it was returned to me.  I was able to salvage most of it after scraping the burnt skin off.  While the first two meats were delicious on their own, w/o BBQ sauce, the rib tips did not fare so well.  I liked the texture of the meat, but it definitely could use more complexity. While I was able to determine that the dessert menu (outside source so info on ingredients wasn't easily available) is pretty much off-limits to me, I am not in the least disheartened...  The candied yams and brown sugar baked beans (both made from in-house recipes) were so delectable and sweet, they're almost like dessert, but with added benefits- vitamins, fiber, and protein!  Mmm... LOVED the spices used to flavor the yams.  Yes, there are the usual suspects of butter, cinnamon, and brown sugar, but I detect something else... almond extract!  Go and have a try yourself and see if you can help me detect what these flavors are :)  And the baked beans!  Red peppers and hatch green chilies really make this side dish sing!  Beans, beans, the musical fruit...  Breakfast menu is served all day [steak and eggs, biscuits and gravy (thickened w/ cornstarch), scrambles, and country burritos, to name a few], and lunch and dinner menus [fried chicken and (Belgian) waffles, burgers, wings, BBQ tacos and wraps, sandwiches and po'boys, chicken fried steaks, etc.] start at 11a.  I'm already looking forward to taking my grandmother and cousin here on my next weekend off!Notes to owners/manager:  1.This easily could've been a four-star review, but I thought it poor form to send back a badly-charred chicken.  I didn't think it was wrong of me to send back the bloody leg... (Ring!!  "Hello, Salmonella poisoning, How may I hurt you?") 2. I was told that the addition of sweet potato fries is being considered- please don't take too long to decide Yes! :D (With a good dusting of cinnamon-sugar, please!)3. Please change your font printing on the front and back take-home menu covers.  The current choice (white print on black and superimposed on a white background) is almost illegible.4. Kudos on having DEDICATED fryers for your fried fish (batter contains corn), chicken, and other meats (fried pork chops and chicken fried steaks)!!  Not only do dedicated fryers limit the flavor transfers of these varied meats, but they also benefit your patrons that may have food allergies (fish, spices, and other ingredients).
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2008,4/19/2009,59,119,5,7,6>Being a (closet) fan of Jaimee Rose's  Azcentral blog, I had heard about Noca a few weeks ago. I always enjoy trying out new restaurants and admit to still being very unfamiliar with many of the well known establishments here in the Valley.Trusting her taste and the pictures and descriptions of the items, I was keen on going and what better a time than my birthday. We were a party of 5 and had the following:Parents: Kampachi and a suggestion from the waiter not on the menu but very tasty (linguini with shrimp).Girlfriend: PappardelleSister: DuckMyself: Spinach mezzalunaI have to commend our waiter. Very friendly but not overbearing. She was very familiar with the menu and was able to recommend some wines, which is usually something I don't do but felt comfortable doing with her. She was able to answer all our questions regarding some of the dishes we were unfamiliar with as well.Positives: Very class cozy ambiance. Restaurant was smaller and not exactly what I thought it would be with the "bigger is better" mentality I'm used to in the US but that takes nothing away from it on the contrary.Service is excellent for the most part. Never had to ask for water and the bussers and waiters always seem to have the right timing to refill your water or assist you. The quality of the food was exceptional, though the 1 star penalty goes towards the portions or "bang for your buck". I'd have wished for a few more mezzaluna's and other than my girlfriend's reasonable portion they did seem to be a bit too "european" even for my taste.The desserts really were the cherry on the cake. Perfect portions, very creative and tasty. You actually receive cotton candy at the end of your meal (regardless of a dessert or not I'm can't be sure). I really enjoyed the milk and cookies (excellent chocolate chip cookies provided with a cup of delicious vanilla milkshake). We also enjoyed the cheesecake dessert which consisted of rolled balls of cheesecake with a strawberry coulis and the small doughnuts with jelly were delicious as well. The best part was not footing the bill!Negatives (few but could use some improving):The delay between our order and receiving our food was probably 10-15 minutes. I'm used to having some bread in restaurants that I would consider "classy" or expensive and that was lacking here. They did provide an "amuse bouche" that was original but for some could be considered a bit odd. It consisted of a spoon of mint,melon and pop rocks, quite the party in your mouth and refreshing but not very filling for the wait.I definitely look forward to returning and trying out some of their other dishes. The desserts were exceptional and I'm quite certain a few clients came in just for those, similar to what I do with out of town visitors at Oregano's. All in all a pleasant and welcome surprise to the dining scene here in the valley.
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,4/18/2009,236,133,23,18,17>I have now attended a few events at Wrigley, or "The Mansion" as I like to call it. "What are you doing tonight?""Oh I am attending a little soiree at 'The Mansion." I want to live here,,,and be Batman...maybe Iron Man, I haven't decided for sure. Go here. Be Tony Stark, or Bruce Wayne for the night.There is something indescribably awesome about donning the pocket square and having drinks and socializing in a friggin masion.The drinks tend to be pricey but if they weren't I don't know if I would feel nearly as cool being here. When I live here I will throw crazy UYEs so you should all be prepared to dress the nines and party all night.
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2009,4/16/2009,143,222,4,12,11>Our kitchen is torn apart, in the middle of a renovation. So last night, there we were again, hungry, and no way to cook. Delivery choices are limited in our area, unless you want pizza or Chinese. We were pretty burnt out on both. But decided to go for pizza. I sifted through our stack of menus, and came across one for a place we'd never ordered from - Nick's.I was pleased to find that, in addition to pizza, they offered pasta dishes, hot and cold subs, salads, and cheesesteaks for delivery. Score!  We ordered a meatball sub, a cheesesteak, and a caesar salad. Delivery was fairly timely (way better than the 45 minutes Streets of New York delivery!). The goods were a pleasant surprise as well.The caesar salad was HUGE! The round to-go container was jam-packed with romaine lettuce, parm, and croutons. Dressing was served on the side. Thank goodness for that, because we tucked right into the subs first, and were way too stuffed for salad afterwards. That left me with a huge salad to take to lunch the next day. The subs were on a soft on the inside, crusty on the outside roll. The meatballs were nice and juicy, and with good flavor. You could tell it was made with mixed meats (ideally, beef, pork, and veal), as a good meatball should be made. The cheesesteak, on the other hand, was OK. The meat was rather salty, but otherwise good. That tab wasn't too bad either - around $22. I would definitely order from them again.
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2009,4/12/2009,59,62,4,9,10>From the voyeuristic "HE/SHE" bathrooms to the big-ass "look at what you're missing" windows, to the rotating and (usually) interesting art installments, the ambiance at AZ 88 boasts a sort of funky, yet arrogant sexuality that is unique. The crowd has seemed to be quite varied in my experience. But this is OTS, and the usual rules apply. The current setup of art includes huge pseudo-abstract figures in Kama-Sutra-like sexual positions on the gigantic windows. One per window! It's sort of like a tutorial. I would imagine many a over-the-shoulder-sweater wearing aging socialite has gasped at the "inappropriateness" of this. Good. Gasp away, Maude. Props to AZ 88 for being dirty/classy. The food is not cheap, but not expensive either. It's completely accessible, even casual, which might be different than what some people would expect. But I totally get it. I mean, what's wrong with looking good and having a grilled cheese?Personally, I would recommend AZ 88 as a place to get cocktails. The prices here are no more or less than any other equivalent restaurants/bars in the area and they do great martinis. The wine list isn't anything crazy, but they do offer a somewhat hard to find but inexpensive Spanish red called Carchelo that is awesome. Highlight: Come here for drinks and to hang before going dancing to one of the more rowdier (or raunchier?) clubs in the area.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,4/10/2009,1114,557,8,12,14>We took mom there for her b-day tonight. Just a chill evening with good food, nothing pretentious, nothing outlandish, nothing crowded, nothing chain. We loved it. She choose Margarita pizza, Cheese ravioli, Cesar salad. The bread they serve before the meal was amazing.The salad was cold and crisp with a perfect amount of dressing. The Ravioli was the best I have ever had. We even had a surprise Penne Pasta with artichoke and marinara arrive at the table. It was a typo when entering the order. It was really good too. Then for dessert they brought out Creme Brule with a candle!Thanks for the great evening tonight, we loved the food and appreciated the service.
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2008,4/9/2009,375,90,17,11,14>Oh dear god, I'm in love...Peppered Filet and Martini Scallop dreams fill my mind. Blue Cheese stuffed olives in my martini?? what?? shut the fuck UP!! Sooooo amazing. Quality all the way. I had a glass of Byron Pinot Noir (fabulous) then a white chocolate martini for desert. (I prefer to drink my desert). Great romantic spot to bring a date. Secures that you will be getting action later, trust me. If you see me at Cheuvront stop by and say hello. I'll be the one in the corner making sweet love to the macaroni and cheese..... no joke.
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2009,4/8/2009,448,260,16,21,20>When my sister and I were little, we used to rebel against the very idea of a thrift store. We hated the smell (you know, the one that reminds you of visiting a nursing home) and were horrified by the thought of wearing something someone else had worn.To this day, I'm still not thrilled by the idea of hand-me-downs from an unidentified stranger. That being said, my husband and I stumbled upon the every other Saturday 50% off sale at the Goodwill on Camelback and have been pretty excited about going back since. We were in this part of Tempe this morning, saw this location, and realized that it was not only a much bigger location than the Camelback one but also that it was again 50% off Saturday. We didn't spend long here--there's that smell, after all--but we did come out victorious. For $40, we emerged with two *huge* house plants for $7.50 each, a gorgeous silver pot/vase for $5, 3 sun dresses for me at $3.50 each and a t-shirt for $2.50. Once I wash the clothes with my own detergent, all I'll remember is that I would have paid $100 or so for these items anywhere else. If you can get past the physical and psychological barriers to buying used clothing, you might find some really cute and cheap items--and score yourself some deals on home decor items. And, as you can imagine, the foray into used-goods land feels all the more worth it when you go on a 50% off Saturday and get the stuff for even cheaper.
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,4/7/2009,17,51,6,21,22>My prayers have been answered.I can now walk to get sushi, and not any sushi, GREAT sushi.  Here is a breakdown of my meal on opening day.Hot green tea served in a heavy pot, good tea.Confetti shrimp - This was cooked pieces of shrimp, in a wonderful spicy creamy sauce.  The sauce was amazing and the plate looked beautiful.  The portion size was perfect as an appetizer.Miso Soup -  This was extremely flavorful, a nice deep miso taste with lots of tofu in it.  This was served in a huge cast iron pot that stays on the table.  Really good soup with excellent presentation. Sunshine Roll-This roll was awesome! Chopped (not pureed) salmon inside with a small piece of salmon on top and a paper thin slice of lemon. Complimented with a few dashes of sriracha on the side. Honestly my new favorite roll.  Not over-complicated, bright flavors, just delicious.  I am a bit weary of the huge over the top monster rolls at some other sushi places, just because this is America does not mean "the bigger, the better".  This roll was "mouth-sized". We also got a couple of orders of salmon sashimi, again fresh, nice cuts and fair portion sizes.  They offered complimentary plum wine ice cream that was also fantastic. Overall I think Moira is a great addition to the downtown movement and can't wait to go back.  My budget is in trouble...
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,4/6/2009,92,86,26,13,16>I might still be a virgin if it weren't for alcohol. Thank god I discovered it early, before all my pesky "standards" kicked in. No, I didn't get my first drink from Top's. Or even my thousandth drink. But I do like to think that if I had, I could have had those standards and still gotten some play at the same time. Why? Because Top's has everything, from the finest of Belgian beers and pinot noirs designed to lure me in to the loveliest bourbons perfect for letting my guard down to the lowest-of-the-low canned beers for when I've just plain given up and taken off my pants. If Top's were a burnout from a dive bar and I were still 19, I would sooooo take him home. Only this time, I would cook him breakfast and let him stay awhile.
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2008,11/13/2008,690,342,8,10,12>I cannot begin to explain the sheer excitement I feel knowing that I have yet to review BOP. I better take a deep breath.... ...in.... out... in ... out... okay, I'm good. I love this place and it is so unexpected! I went to watch a friends band play next door at Chyro Arts and they invited me to BOP. I agreed thinking I was going to be miserable. But no. Not at all. This place is a freaking gem. Their food is SO FREAKING GOOD. The mac and cheese... omg... they have a bunch of food for veggies, which rules. I see from other reviews that they have pub quizzes and I am going to have to hit that up one of these days. The best part? They are at Scotts/McDowell, conveniently located 2 miles from my house. Oh, and the other best part, no yuppies. ONLY COMPLAINT ... the waitresses are a little slow.
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,11/12/2008,74,213,6,9,8>It's 4:00 am on a Friday, you've just finished listening to awesome music and drinking too much, you're starving and want some good comfort food to fill your gut and soak up that alcohol..... enter Jerry's.The place was open.  The place was clean.  The food was good.  The service was great.  The prices were great.  WAY better than a Denny's, better than most diner's I've been to, actually.I had ham and eggs and the plate was delicious.  The ham steak was gigantic, the eggs perfect, and hash browns were done just right... crispy and good.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2008,11/11/2008,92,86,14,18,22>I never thought I would be thanking French colonialism for anything, but Vietnamese sandwiches are a really fucking good idea.Buttered baguette topped with delightful roast pork, veggies, peppers and cilantro? Brilliant. Just $2.85? I'll take three. Plus, at Lee's, you can eat your tasty treat in an eerily efficient, sterile cafeteria. Trust me, it adds to the je ne sais quoi of the whole thing. Throw in a super-sweet, super-creamy iced coffee and a trip to Lee Lee afterward, and you've got yourself a pretty perfect afternoon.So yeah, L'Indochine francaise may have set the stage for the Vietnam War. But it also gave us delectable sandwiches at low, low prices. Let's just call it even.
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,11/10/2008,1,5,2,5,5>This is a great place to take out-of-town visitors.  Just be prepared to take a nap afterward...all of the fresh air, beautiful scenery and delicious food makes you sleepy!  The ambiance is unique; it's all outdoor seating at picnic tables under pecan trees.  Your meal is served in a basket and the food is very tasty.  You can buy fresh vegetables, unique gifts or go for a stroll through a botanical garden.  I highly recommend dining at The Farm at South Mountain!
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,11/9/2008,143,222,33,23,18>Thank goodness I am a total barfly. I was waiting for IcePics to open, and got tired of sitting in my car. So I decided to drive around the area.Just a few doors down, I found Standard Restaurant Equipment. I did a Dukes of Hazzard-like screeching turn around a broken down bus and careened into the parking lot.I love kitchen gear. But I am underemployed, and was afraid I'd spend a lot of money inside. But no. Check it. For under $20, I got a half sheet pan (on sale for $6 -- down from $23!), 2 squeeze bottles (72 cents a piece!), a muddler, a turner, an ashtray, and a dough scraper.Hell yeah! It's Williams-Sonoma for welfare losers like me.
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2008,11/8/2008,448,260,14,21,21>Italian was my unofficial and official second major in college. I studied in Rome for three months and Florence for three months and went back several times after to experience the magic all over again. While I was there, I learned many things about Italian culture and solidified my language skills, but as you can imagine, the thing that I found the most exciting and educational was the Italians' relationship with food.  Regardless of the region I was in, I found Italians united by shared beliefs about food preparation and eating, many of which were foreign to me prior to going. As an example, all the Italians I met took it as a given that: salad comes after a meal, not before it; fresh fruit is a dessert, not a snack or breakfast; alfredo sauce and mozzarella sticks are not Italian; alcohol exists to enhance the flavors of food, not to get drunk; and pepperoni is not thin slices of cured pork, but peppers - you know, the vegetables (this one blew my mind the most!). You get the idea. Of course, these guidelines come across to Americans as strict rules. We love our culinary freedom, and that makes sense - we have many different types of food, types of people, and types of lifestyles. Plus, Italian food changed a lot at the hands of the immigrants who came here. However, even if I'm not going to follow every guideline, I took from my experiences in Italy a sense of genuine appreciation for simple, fresh flavors, a desire to slow down and truly enjoy what I'm eating, and a greater awareness of the way that different dietary components come together to create a balanced diet and better internal functioning.Since I got back, I've found few Italian restaurants that really embody these key principles, refusing to dumb down or speed up their food for the American masses. Well, Pizza A Metro is part of that elite category, and I'm thrilled to have found it here in Phoenix, just a short drive from our house. Maurizio makes it his goal to serve his customers fresh, simple, carefully-prepared food that allows the flavors of individual ingredients to shine. I appreciate that so much. We checked the place out for the first time last Friday night. We had made a reservation in advance, which was a great idea because we only had to wait 2-3 minutes to be seated once we arrived. We were promptly greeted by Maurizio and quickly had our drink order taken by the server. I was a little nervous about speaking Italian, since I'm pretty rusty, but I figured I should, since I haven't got many chances to do so in California, where I grew up, or here in Phoenix. So, when Maurizio returned with our bread basket and to take our order, I worked up my courage and ordered in Italian. Even though he was super-busy, Maurizio asked me a few questions back in Italian (where did I study, etc.) and continued to converse with us in Italian throughout the rest of the meal. It was so much fun for me to speak again, especially when the food was so delicious and really took me back to my study abroad time. We decided to start with the grilled calamari and then have the Penne Amatriciana and a medium Pizza Frescolina. The bread basket was phenomenal, with lightly oiled pieces of Italian flatbread with a cold mixture of eggplant, olives, and onions (almost like an Italian ratatouille). When the calamari arrived, we discovered that it was fried and not grilled (both are appetizer options; grilled is more prominent in Italy), but we decided not to say anything and eat it anyway. We were glad we did because it reminded me of the seafood "fritti misti" you get in Italy - just lightly battered with a hint of seasoning. It came with a tomato sauce, but it was delicious with just a squeeze of lemon. Our entrees were even more delicious. My pasta could have been a bit more al dente, probably because most Americans don't eat it that way, but no harm done - I'll just order it that way next time. The sauce was incredible and truly authentic. It perfectly combined fresh tomatoes, tender pieces of pancetta, onion, garlic, and olive oil without being too thick or sweet. The pizza was also to die-for with a thin, flour-brushed crust, small amounts of milky mozzarella, fresh tomatoes and arugula, and salty prosciutto. Just like Italian pies, all the flavors were balanced and no single one was overwhelming. So you know, the medium was huge and even with our huge appetite we ended up taking 3-4 slices home.All in all, we only spent $30 or so and had an amazing, deeply satisfying meal that brought me back to my memorable time in Italy. I absolutely can't wait to go back and try more things (and practice my Italian again!).
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2008,11/7/2008,454,555,11,15,18>When my AC busted a few weeks ago I found myself staying in a suite here for the weekend.  Ok, so it's not how I usually roll, but luckily some out-of-town friends scored a suite here and my bad luck met with perfect timing to equal an over-the-top silver lining for the weekend.The Arizona Biltmore pools alone warrant five stars, but the service and suite were nothing to look past either. The two room suite was comfortable, spacious and tastefully decorated. The living room and bedrooms had a subtle Southwestern decor that I surprisingly didn't hate.  The architecture and landscaping of the grounds was just as legendary as you would expect. Calling for extra towels was a cinch and took only a few minutes for them to arrive. The housekeeper we flagged down in the hallway gladly took photos of us on the balcony and repeatedly tried to refuse our $5 tip for his trouble. We weren't having it.Finally, the pool experience was second to none. Like giddy school kids, the Biltmore waterslide became a 20-something playground for an hour. From what I could tell the poolside was a mix of locals and tourists as I recognized some people (incl. JohnJay from KISS 104.7).The best part of swimming on a Saturday afternoon at the Biltmore?  * The salsa demonstration (with a dozen or so salsas and chips prepared by the sous chef) was so extensive it was our lunch!  * Swim up to the bar (or sneak your own drinks and pass it off like you bought it) and buy a $10 margarita.  * Score a cabana rental if at all possible.  You get your own private shower, bathroom, AC'ed room, umbrellas, TV, patio chairs and server.  And it is well worth it.And....I just spilled the beans to a perfect afternoon at the Biltmore.
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2008,11/6/2008,43,7,9,12,13>Like David S.B., Jason W., and others, I had the pleasure of meeting owners Helen and Jan before visiting Sweet Republic.  Had I not met Helen and Jan, I might not have made the drive up from South Phoenix to give Sweet Republic a try.  Having done so, however, I can honestly say that the ice creams I sampled at Sweet Republic were so delicious, inventive, and satisfying that it almost doesn't seem right to call them ice cream.  I went with Christine O., and together, we sampled the Cheese Course Duo, Ginger Pear, Rocky Road, and Salty Caramel.  All four were delicious, but the Cheese Course Duo was my personal favorite.Even if you don't live or work nearby, I highly recommend finding a reason to head up to Scottsdale so that you can give Sweet Republic a try.  Personally, I'm keeping my fingers crossed that after this store takes off, Helen and Jan will find a way to open a second location in South Phoenix or Downtown!
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2008,11/5/2008,76,280,14,18,16>To review or not to review, that's the question I've been struggling with. With 50 reviews already, what more could little ol' me possibly add? Absolutely nothing, I knew.But then, today turned out to be a special day...I was trapped - back to back meetings from early morning through late afternoon with no time for lunch. Fortunately for me a good friend but obviously not as hardworking co-worker on her way out the door offered to bring me something back. Where was she going? Pasty!!! She just needed to know what I wanted, of course. So I checked the Pasty to go menu hanging from the bars of my cell - oops - I mean the wall of my cube, and to my surprise discovered that this wasn't going to be just another Pasty... Being the quasi-vegetarian I am, I've been slowly working my way through their vegetarian menu (more than 10 delicious options, including my favorite eggplant parmesan), and there was only one left - the Veggie Tikka Masala. My 11th and final vegetarian pasty - quite the momentous occasion, don't you think?It was while I was savoring the perfect mix of fake chicken, bell pepper and basmati rice in tikka masala sauce wrapped in that soft chewy crust, dipped in that rich mint-yogurt dressing that I realized, 50 reviews be damned. Something new to say or not, I've got to say it. So for what's it's worth, this is it.So, in conclusion: If you haven't been to Pasty yet, you need to go - soon. Come on, man - 50 reviews with a 4 1/2 star average rating? This place so obviously rocks! One tip: if you go for lunch, go early (they open at 11). It gets pretty busy and takes longer the later and busier it gets. Going early is also recommended if there are more than 2 in your party - there are only a couple of tables that fit 3 or more (otherwise you'll be sittin' at separate tables, or at the bar - oh, and should you find yourself headed for the bar, try not to sit directly in front of the one of the ovens, as those seats get pretty freakin' warm).
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2008,11/4/2008,160,25,7,11,11>So, i've worked at two yummy burger places (Delux and Fez), so I think I know a good burger when I'm presented with one.  Two Hippies is yummy, nothing fancy, nothing incredible, but what do you expect for $5? I got yummy seasoned fries (which were soggy, but the irony is I LOVE soggy french fries!), and the burger had yummy carmelized onions, which is Delux's secret!The best surprise was the owner, his customer service was incredibly great! Best I've had in a long time. SUPER nice guy, and even gave my fiance a free soda! Gotta luv that Dark Cherry pop!Go, it's cute and fun!!
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/7/2013,94,246,17,12,13>Want to drink and not end up in jail with a DUI? Light Rail. Want to go to a D-Backs game and not fight traffic, pay for parking, or end up with a DUI? Light Rail. Want to visit the Science Center, Art Museum, Mill Ave, or go to First Friday and not end up with a DUI? Light Rail. The Metro Light Rail in no way helps me commute to work or do anything particularly serious with my life, but four dollars for an all day pass that takes you to a dozen cool places quickly without using any gas and gives plenty of people watching opportunities? I like it.
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,11/6/2013,890,308,12,14,14>So hidden that they don't even have a sign.  You either know this place by word or your bestest friend Yelp.  Tehee. :-DTex-mex is the name of the game at Dick's.  Don't expect authentic Mexican but come with an open mind that you will indulge in good tasting dishes.  Aside the main entree, what stood out to me were their rice and beans.  They were cooked al dente and full of flavor.  The grains were firm but not hard.On my last visit with Fia R and Daniel L (first timers), I ordered their red tamales.  It wasn't the best I had but it was on a decent level.  I came here once for a CMYE and I had one of the enchilada dishes and it was melty good.  The cheese was like molting lava all over the dish which screamed: "eat me now."All their dishes come on these cool, silvery industrial looking iron plates ensuring your dishes will remain hot while you get down and dirty.  The only caveat would be that its a compact place--you have the main bar and the couple of tables by it (seats 4).  To that, there's a more spacious dining room for larger parties, but probably needs a reservation.You will find the decor appealing due to its dimly, dark setting like you went into hiding.  The lighting and furnishing were all high-end looking, no less.If you are craving some Tex-Mex in the central PHX area, this is the spot to get some.  They purposely try to be a "hidden gem." :-p
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,11/5/2013,155,176,10,12,14>Who has been hiding this place from me. Right in my old old neighborhood. Down the street from my high school. Obviously this place wasn't here when I lived in this area way back in the day. Otherwise I would really have kicked myself.My girlfriend introduced me to this place and she is the best for bring me here. I love everything about this place. The atmosphere is great. A little dark but it works. The whole place is lit with real candles. They actually come around and replace them when they get low. Very cool.Great beer selection too. Some I have never even heard of but want to try. I didn't know what to get so the waitress got me a sample of a Scottish ale it was good so I got a pint. I want to come back and try the rest.We also got the oven baked chips with garlic and jalapeno. Chips = fries people come on get with it. They were awesome. Some of the best fries I have ever had. Although I will say the jalapenos didn't quite make sense. I like jalapenos don't get me wrong but they were just chopped up on top. When you picked up a fry they fell off. If you managed to get a few to stick they would come off when you dipped it in the sauce. You can bypass the sauce and just eat one but they didn't really add anything. If they were baked into to the chips that might be better. Still very good regardless.Now on to the Pasties. The reason you came here and the name of the place. I have never had a pasty before but from looking at the menu you can put pretty much anything you want inside of one. They have an Italian one, cheesesteak one, Greek one, a few Mexican flavored ones and so on and so on. You name it it was in a pasty. I finally decided on the spicy chicken asagio one with some advice from my girlfriend who has been here before. Sure it takes awhile for the food to come out but they are making it when you order it. By the time you sip on your drinks and munch on those fantastic chips your food comes out so it works out. So good. Flavor was perfect. Everything all crammed in there but all working together. The dipping sauces they give you with it work perfectly. They vary depending on which pasty you order. Don't be shy pick it up with your hand and munch away. No shame in it. That is really how you are supposed to eat them anyway.I can't wait to come back and try the other great pasties. I have to say I might be addicted. So good and such a great place.
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/4/2013,497,129,8,13,10>This place is awesome!My wife and I stopped in on a Friday night before heading off to the Tempe Improv. At first blush, it seemed a little dark. The decor is very black and red...almost like you'd find at some after hours club..only with more windows...or any windows, for that matter. But, it wasn't anything that was going to deter us from coming in.We were greeted by the hostess who was pleasant enough. She was certain to point out the current specials drawn on the dry-erase board located by the hostess' stand. On this night, the Baja Roll was the flavor of choice. We obviously weren't ready to make such a snap decision before being seated, but we did let the idea simmer while were shown to our table.Once seated, we took a look over the actual menu. There are several pages offering up varying concoctions, including dinner plates, sushi rolls, and even delicious cocktails available at the full bar. We knew we were about to run into a two-drink minimum in the very near future, so we opted to forego the drinks this time.After a few times through the menu, and after deeply considering the current special, we had made our decision. For both of us to share, we decided to get two different rolls, as well as an appetizer: The Playgirl Roll and the Baja Roll, plus an order of Mussels. The Mussels were the first to arrive. Perfect for sharing, and very nicely seasoned. The only downside to the mussels was that we didn't have forks...we had chopsticks. I am absolutely TERRIBLE with chopsticks, so I had to do a little work. Sure, I could have asked for a fork. But what would have been the fun in that, right? Plus, it made my wife laugh, and that's always an added bonus.After our appetizer, we found ourselves face to face with two beautiful creations. The Baja Roll came on a plate with a surprisingly spicy sauce in the middle of the plate. As the manager explained during one of her many trips to our table, the Baja Roll was kind of like a fish taco, but with a Japanese twist. She was absolutely right. Delicious! Couple that with our salmon, cream cheese and avocado Playgirl Roll, and our dinner was amazing!I'm honored to be the 100th review for this awesome Sushi spot. It turned out to be a fantastic date night dinner. Hopefully, we'll be back sometime in the near future, if only to improve my chopstick skills. I mean, I'm REALLY bad with chopsticks...comically bad.
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,11/3/2013,100,799,4,15,12>= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!  = = = = = =The last time I was here I told owner Bobby that I thought this place needed a little tune up & only gave it 3 Stars.  He Yelped me recently inviting me to drop in this month and take advantage of their August $8.95 Lunch Buffet Special and to see what I think of the improvements he said they have made.Wow, I'll say!  This place ROCKED today!  I started with help-yourself super tasty Mango Lassi, then they brought my choice of 3 flavors of hot, toasty Naan bread, plain, buttered, & my choice, garlic.  Yum!Over on the serving tables they had 34 food items out, plus sauces & dressings.  This is a Super Buffet for in Indian place, especially for a weekday!  Some of what I enjoyed was Tomato Soup, salad with various fruits & veggies, Balsamic Rice, Chicken Curry, Chicken Tikki Masala, Tandoori Chicken, Aloo Pakoras, Vegetable Samosa, Achari Chicken, Aloo Gobhi, Aloo Tamatal, Nauratan Vindau, Plalk Paneer, Daal Makhni, Gaigan Bharta, Paneer Tikki Masala, & so on, plus great desserts.All of this represented TERRIFIC Indian cooking!  There wasn't ANYTHING that I could say was better somewhere else.  On top of that, the table service was good, and there was a wide selection of CHINA plates & bowls from which to choose.  No eating out of nasty little styrofoam things or burning your fingers carrying handle-less steel cups!So is this now actually "Indian PARADISE"?  Pretty much!!     :-))August Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $8.95  New lower regular price $10.95.
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,11/2/2013,1992,234,12,11,11>I just bought the most expensive pen in my entire life, but ohh, it hurts so good.I walked in and to my surprise this wasn't a stationary store selling cards, paper, pencils and pens; they sell pens, period. With stars in my eyes, I saw pens ranging from $25 through thousands of dollars. Wow, OMG, is that made with gold?, what a cool looking pen! were all thoughts that came to me while perusing the selection.I just had to ask, "What makes a pen thousands of dollars instead of 1's of dollars?" to which the operator of this locally owned and operated shop explained the manufacturing process, varying metals and materials used, and previous ownership all have a part to play. I saw pens just shipped out from the manufacturer to pens made in the 20th century previously owned by a collector or perhaps someone of notable importance."I guess some of these are more like an art piece than a writing instrument." I noted to the operator and he replied, "right, some people collect watches, and some people like pens."I was happy to have visited today and left with a really nice looking and feeling pen for $45. I'll be sure and use this whenever I've got something important to sign my name to. Any one need me to autograph something? a picture, a baseball, the magna carta?Happy Yelping Phoenix!
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,11/1/2013,78,48,5,13,10>So... my fiance and I decided to check this place out since the grand opening was today. To be honest, I was a little skeptical about eating at a restaurant in a grocery store. I was proven wrong! This restaurant is fantastic. The reason for the 4 stars is strictly for the prices. There are a bunch of beers on tap from the local breweries as well as wine. I decided to do the 4 beer flight to try out some new beers. I decided that my favorite out of the four was the Magic Hat #4. I took the tasting sheet as a note to self. Of course, we went there to eat too so Jeff ordered the Kale salad and I ordered the burger. While we were waiting for the food, i decided to check out the wine section of the store. Holy Cow! I found a bottle of Moscato for $3.99.Once the food came out, I did have to send the burger back to be cooked a little longer because it was definitely not medium but the waitress asked if I would like something to munch on while I wait. I decided to try the tater tots. Unfortunately, they came out with my burger but those were the best taer tots in the world. They were made with cheese and chives and were as big as my thumb. I was in heaven. Then I bit into my burger and I was sold. It was so juicy and melted in my mouth. The smoked paprika aioli that they put on it was fantastic and really brought out the flavor of the burger. I had to slow down at one point because I was chowing down.Our waitress was so nice. When Jeff asked for the check, she told us that it was taken care of because I had to send the burger back and the tots were sent out with the burger instead of before. We were both in shock because we are not those people that complain to try and get a comped meal. Let's just say that she got a nice tip. I will definitely go back to try more of the wonderful looking food and sample some more beer.
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,10/31/2013,181,198,6,19,12>Each Saturday, there's a limited serving of Japanese noodles from ramen to udon to whatever. It's fresh and authentic. I have eaten ramen all over Japan, SoCal, NorCal and throughout the world. Trust me on this!So this place is not a restaurant, by the way. It's actually a small grocery market that they set up some plastic chairs and tables in the corner of the store. You can actually buy bento boxes or other food items or drinks and sit down to enjoy it. It's a local Japanese grocery store!Ok, but back to the ramen/udon. Each week, you can check on their facebook page for the noodle bowl of the week. You come in and order and there's really small staff in the back preparing your food. Everyone in there is Japanese and speaks Japanese. I actually sat with these two old Japanese ladies that came in for ramen and we talked about Japan and AZ when they first got here in the 1960s. That was awesome.Like I said before, it gets pretty packed and they run out of noodles usually in an hour. Come early and eat the delicious food. You can walk over to the freezer and buy yourself a Japanese drink too. Afterwards, you can go next door to the Japanese bakery and get dessert.There's really no other place like this in the Phoenix area so come try it out.
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,10/30/2013,50,71,5,11,9>Stopped at this very stealthy place in the Fry's shopping center. Looks very generic on the outside but inside it is modern & beautiful. We ordered the sushi platter for two. Wow what a spread! Great presentation did not take away from the outstanding cuts of fish we were served. We also ordered 2 tuna hand rolls which were over the top mouthwatering. Service was very good & we will surely return.........very soon.
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,10/29/2013,51,52,2,12,8>went here last night for my birthday dinner and loved it!  i was pretty surprised when ruth chris closed, but was relieved to know that the people behind one of my favorite restaurants, citizen public house, would be taking over the location.  they did a lot of remodeling which really updated the space and included a really awesome looking bar.   for only being their second day open, they seem to have everything running super smooth.  this is definitely going to be a regular spot for me.we started with the sausage/brioche pretzel/cheese and thought it was delicious. i get super pumped whenever i see pretzel bread anything, so i was excited to try this app and wasn't disappointed.  next we tried the lamb riblettes, and they were great as well. when i go back i'd like to get the chopped salad since i'm obsessed with the one at cowboy ciao (one of the owners of the gladly, chef bernie kantak, created it).  for our main courses i had the short ribs which were tender and full of flavor. they're coffee charred and come with a blueberry compote on top that gives it a lot of complexity.  my fiancé had the filet mignon-a pretty classic dish that they cooked perfectly.  we had terrific service as well-generally when a restaurant first opens it can take the staff a few weeks to get the hang of all the menu items (totally understandable), but our server was totally on top of everything! i highly recommend this new biltmore area restaurant-it's definitely going to be a local hot spot!
