<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,5/16/2013,98,313,4,9,4>Yum! Finally found some pizza in Memphis that can battle with the best of NYC pizzas. Rock n dough took over the old YoLo storefront on Ridgeway Road. We order the pizza to go, probably the best way to do it since the restaurant is small. We half and half-ed a large pizza (which is more than enough for two people).1) Roasted Garlic Bread Pizza: Simple, classic, strong flavors2) Ol' Smokey Pie: Smoked pork, bbq sauce, clinatro, ricotta, and red onion (it tastes even better than it sounds)Both were delicious...the slices were so big and so long that you have to fold into a taco like package to eat it! And the crust was thin and crispy just like all great pizza. Good to know that you can order by the slice as well if you're looking for a quick lunch.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,5/15/2013,43,104,,3,2>The new downtown location! Not on 2nd, not on Main. Comfortably nestled in between. At the southeast end of the Civil Rights Museum.  Lots of room (compared to Central Ave), inside and out (covered). The same dang good BBQ! In my humble opinion, the best Memphis has to offer.  Slab for Two is a good deal (Wifey and I order half wet, half dry).  Much overlooked....BBQ Nachos. Mmmm, good. One negative: Wish it was closer to the FedExForum (~ 6/10 mile walk).
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,5/14/2013,58,57,4,12,5>When it comes to BBQ in Memphis, it's tough to pick an overall favorite. If it was remotely practical I'd drive all over town and make a perfect Frankenstein meal consisting of my favorite ribs, sandwich, nachos, wings, slaw, sausage and cheese plate... You get my drift. But of all the area's fantastic BBQ options, a few things set The Bar-B-Q Shop apart. First is the BBQ spaghetti. The idea of combining BBQ and spaghetti may sound completely unappetizing -- it did to me at first -- but it's actually quite tasty. Try it as a side or on a half-and-half plate.Next is the bread. If you order a sandwich you have two main options: Chopped vs. pulled, and bun vs. toast. Once you've had a pork sandwich on thick, buttery Texas toast, buns just don't cut it anymore. I like mine chopped, others prefer pulled. That's the beauty of the Bar-B-Q Shop: you have options. You can get your ribs wet or dry. You can have mild sauce or hot. That's why I usually take out-of-town guests here when I want to show them an all-around good BBQ experience. I like to sit at the bar at lunchtime and look at the cool old clippings from old Memphis publications. Sometimes if I don't have to go to work I'll even enjoy a cold beer, which is a luxury that not all BBQ joints offer.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/13/2013,3,394,,1,1>I have been delinquent in reviewing Bangkok Alley. Why not make it my 300th review?!This visit was under duress, having fled another downtown restaurant that was just not having a good night in an ice storm. We were SUPER happy to be stuck in this alley. Everything was fantastic. I was really boring, ordered the standard Pad-Thai (spicy of course) and some Tom Kha Kai, spicy, coconutty, shroomy perfection!Pad Thai, Curry dishes, appetizers, all really great. The one peculiar thing about this place is the field trip to the restroom, always thought it was funny feature of the place.Great service and food! Really great. Been here many times and never disappointed.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,5/12/2013,21,14,1,7,3>Alcenia's is one of my favorite guilty pleasures in Memphis.  The food is absolutely incredible from the hot water cornbread to the mouthwatering fried green tomatoes and fried catfish, I am never disapouinted no matter what I get.  The only warning I have is to make sure you give yourself at leasty an hour and a half to eat here.  They usually only have two people running the restaurant and make everything to order so it can take quite a while.  Alcenia's is Memphis soul food with a smile and always a hug free of charge.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,5/11/2013,103,128,,2,1>I have been twice to River Oaks for ladies-who-lunch type luncheons.  The food is very good, and a bit too classy for a regular lunch place.  I always end up spending around $25.00 on lunch and one drink.  The chef creates a prix-fix TV Dinner each day, with a special meat and vegetable combo.  The tuna nicoise salad was good, and every time I go, I think how great the tuna burger looks!   Very friendly servers and staff- I recommend asking for Emily.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/10/2013,122,128,5,5,8>I figured Ghengis deserved a good review. The two below seem very unfair ESPECIALLY considering one of the guys has 8 reviews and 7 of them are of Ghengis Grill. If you have a problem with them removing a promotion, call Corporate don't punish local owners. Anyways! I LOVE Ghengis Grill. Maybe it's because I'm an "amateur" chef and I love any opportunity to create something. If this place gets a bad review it should NEVER be because the food is bad. You created it!I come all the time!! Definitely give this place a try!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2013,5/9/2013,8,73,2,2,2>Located in a midtown converted home, the ambiance of the restaurant is very warm and exotic. It's a great place to eat in the evening. The food was good, but what I ordered that night was not particularly remarkable. The service was extremely good. I wish they had more parking.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/8/2013,33,56,3,3,3>I hate a long wait at a restaurant; but waiting at Cracker Barrel is always a fun experience. I always find something unique and fun to buy at their Country Store; and even if I don't,  I have a blast browsing! About the food - well, they have the absolute tastiest blueberry pancakes in the city. That, along with ANY of the amazing fruit toppings on french toast is definitely worth a trip.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,5/7/2013,153,109,4,8,5>I guess I wasn't aware of the definition of a dive bar... such a grungy, but amazing place. I literally felt as if I were on a pirate ship.. It could have been the HUGE pirate painting on the wall or being rained on while in the basement... I unexpectedly loved it. I came for the grand opening beer bust! $10 bottomless pints (of great beer), sold me... While waiting for the rest of my crew, I decided to try their food. The menu was short and to the point. Their sandwiches were good, just enough kick to them. Let me rave on their potato chips.. HOLY MOLY... I don't usually indulge in potato chips, but I couldn't help myself here. I ate every last bit of them. So crispy and salty.. yum! At the bottom of their menu it asked for your feedback on what you would like to see them offer... I say pizza.. what's better than pizza when you are drunk? They also have TVs everywhere for sport watchers!The basement was amazing. There was a sign before you walk down the stairs that said "watch your step some stairs are broken..." Who knew you could have so many activities in one basement? Pool, shuffle board, and ping pong! I also heard they are getting a Foosball table! I think it is an exquisite dive bar (if that makes sense..)! So now I love dive bars! Thanks Mad Earl! :)
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,10/19/2012,33,56,3,4,3>I am usually browsing and buying at this event every year; but this time, in an attempt to avoid buying everything in sight, I was a volunteer.  I have to say, though, there were too many nice things to pass up - and I wasn't able to resist this beautiful handmade gold bracelet that was just calling my name. This crafts fair is enormous and has some of the most amazing crafts and jewelry I've ever seen.  They also have plenty of food booths, so come hungry!   I had a piece of Coletta's cheese pizza and corn on the cob which definitely hit the spot.If you have the chance, definitely check this out - today is the last day for this year's fair and it's going on until 5.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,10/18/2012,25,131,,3,2>I stopped In Double J one night before a Grizz game and it exceeded my expectations. I ordered half rack of ribs with fries while my friend ordered the BBQ nachos which was way more food than they could possibly eat. The ribs tasted like they had just came out of the smoker with just the right amount of caramelizing on top. The rubbed that was used has a nice taste that doesn't over power. Our waitress was very helpful and made sure that our glasses stayed topped off. This place has become one of my new favorite places to eat downtown. The waitress informed us that they were working on getting their liquor license, however they did have a good assortment of beers on tap.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,10/17/2012,144,165,5,7,2>After living in Memphis for 16 months, I finally decided to give the often-talked-about BBQ Nachos a try. In fact, we had them two nights in a row at two different BBQ places just for the heck of it. I was delighted that Central offers half order of BBQ Nachos since there are much more on the menu that I want to try. Didn't someone mention their tasty tamales?The half order we got was about the same size as the full order served in the Bar-B-Q Shop and 30% cheaper, which made me happy. But taste wise, both were nothing to write home about. Chips were not the best quality and sauce was skimpy (I think a previous reviewer mentioned nacho cheese sauce but we only got bbq sauce on our nachos, even that was skimpy). I hope they didn't shortchange us for ordering half since half order always costs more than half of the full order price. I like my nachos to be slightly toasted (say, put them under the broiler very briefly) so the cheese melts slightly, the chips get warmed and everything blends together like a loaded happy family (yes, just like the Kardashians), BBQ Nachos should be no different. With bunch of plain chips left on the basket again, I am done with BBQ nachos for now. If you like the meat, you will be happier getting a pulled pork plate or even a sandwich. Central's wings are flash fried after being smoked and they come in all kinds of flavors: wet, naked, jerked, dry spice, etc. I asked about a special kind that is not on the menu which I heard about but the sweet lady at the counter denied its existence, so we settled for the dry spice kind. These were plump whole wings but unfortunately over-seasoned for my liking. I think I will try the naked one next time.      On my previous visit, I was curious enough to order the Portobello and smoke Gouda cheese sandwich but I made the mistake of ordering the slaw and sauce on the side. When I opened the foil wrap, I laughed at the sight of ONE Portobello mushroom cap and ONE slice of gouda cheese (not particularly smoky) between a plain bun. It looked ridiculous and tasted a bit funny. If I ever order it again, I will definitely ask for slaw and sauce on the sandwich, which probably makes a world of difference.   In my humble opinion Central has the best set-up among all BBQ joints in Memphis, having a patio and a bright dining room with windows all around. There is no server waiting tables at Central. You order at the counter and someone brings the food to your table when it's ready. I am digging self-service now, after all the hit and miss services we encountered while dining out, and perhaps it is best suited for BBQ joints anyway. The folks taking orders at the counter were always nice and accommodating. Another kudos to them for using biodegradable to-go containers. Though I have not been completely satisfied with the random stuff I ordered here, I can see myself returning to try other items or recommend the more classic items such as ribs and pulled pork to out-of-town guests, hence the four stars.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,10/16/2012,15,12,3,3,2>I may say this a quite a few times in my reviews, but this had some of the best Mediterranean I've had in Memphis. Despite it's outside appearance, the inside is pretty nice, nice enough for me to regret wearing hangover clothes anyway. When we got to our table we were greeted by the waiter/owner of the restaurant with his thick accent. He was hilarious and knew the menu like the back of his hand. We started out with hummus and everyone got the house honey and ginger sweet tea. The sweat tea was really amazing, you can buy the ingredients there at the restaurant to make yourself, which I did not do, but the mixture of ginger and honey was surprisingly delicious.The hummus was also some of the best hummus I have had. The olive oil was "imported from the holy land by a relative of the owners" and was really strong. This was real legit olives that actually tastes like it is made from olive oil instead of some weird extra virgin stuff. The olive oil made the hummus and quite honestly made the meal. All in all, you should just go to this restaurant. The hummus was amazing, the falafel was amazing, the tea was amazing. I'm sure other things on the menu are just as good.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,10/15/2012,27,45,3,5,4>I've dined at LeCrêpe Du Vin many times since it opened. In my opinion, it is the new "Gem of Bartlett.". I enjoy the food, I enjoy the area, and I enjoy the staff. Chef K has really done a wonder here.With Valentines Day coming up, I expect the men of Memphis and Bartlett to man up and bring their women here. The atmosphere is that of a lovely French Bistro. I'm not exceptionally cultured, but I have dined at Authentic French Bistros, in Paris, France, and this place "really has it going on."I love to eat, as you can see from my other reviews, but I honestly don't know much about Crêpes. Since eating here I have had the privilege of trying many different sweet crêpes and many of their "meatier" crêpes. I have enjoyed all of them.I'll talk about my favorite. The Monte Cristo is splendid. To me, it epitomizes the "comfort food" aspect of  LeCrêpe Du Vin. While I like the variety of crêpes on the menu, the Mone Cristo is my new favorite. It wonderfully combines the richness of a crêpe with traditional Memphis flavors. Had I not been so enthralled with the flavor, I would have paid more attention to the sauces used in this. Try it the next time you're in - you will love it.The French Onion Soup is also very good. Chef K asked me about the salt content of the soup while I was enjoying a bowl, and I then realized it was quite low. While I am not qualified to say what the "perfect" amount of salt is, at that point I realized everyone else uses too much salt in their French Onion Soup, and I like LeCrêpe Du Vin's much, much better!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,10/14/2012,111,135,4,5,2>LOVE the sandwiches here.  They use Boar's Head meats, and they're cut daily in the restaurant.  They've got a variety of meats and cheeses and breads to choose from, and all of the combinations I've tried have been delicious.  They also have a selection of Peabody desserts, from cupcakes to cheesecakes to chocolate covered strawberries.  I like having lunch there...it's not heavy and is always so good.  The staff work alone, so be prepared to wait if it's a busy time of day.  But they will definitely serve you up some deliciousness with a smile when you get to them!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,10/13/2012,37,7,2,3,3>So, it was the Fourth of July and our best friends invited us over to celebrate. Every year we pick up the BBQ and it always comes from Germantown Commissary. This year, I waited too late to go there and the line was out the door and down the street.I didn't want to wait and I had read some of the reviews here about One and Only as well as a review in the Commercial Appeal so I thought I would give them a try.First off, I have to say, what have I been waiting for? This place is literally minutes from my front door and i have driven all over town for BBQ and passed them by. Why? My only excuse is Memphis BBQ snobbery.This place cooks some damn good ribs. They have it all. Smoky, flavor, meat falling off the bone. Both the wet and the dry were good but I have to say I preferred the wet, even though I normally am a dry rib fan.The pulled pork was excellent as well. I only got slaw and beans as my sides so I'll have to get the potato salad another day.The place is small. Too small to eat in so just plan to take out. Everyone there was friendly and happy to serve, even on a busy holiday. If you love Memphis style BBQ and ribs, don't miss One and Only BBQ. It is now our new go-to place for ribs. Go there today!
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,10/12/2012,2,7,2,5,3>They have two menus - red and green.  The red one is the "authentic" menu.  I would go with groups of 4-6 and we would order one entree per person and share "family style" to try each of the dishes.  Their hot and sour seafood soup is to die for and we always started the meal with a small bowl for each of us.  If you order the duck, stick to the Cantonese rather than Peking.   We also ordered the Eggplant with Black Pepper Sauce and a "seared tofu" dish where the tofu resembled large scallops (sorry, can't remember the name of it).  The service has always been good.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,10/11/2012,15,5,2,4,3>I LOVE LOVE LOVE East Tapas! It's a cute, small bar that has great atmosphere and food. Everything I've tried here was amazing, my faves were Asian guacamole, fried artichoke hearts, and truffle mac n' cheese. They also have a great drink menu and music on Friday night. I suggest two tapas per person, then share. I definitely recommend trying it out!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/10/2012,42,318,2,6,4>I went here with a business associate that had been coming here for a long time. He has been trying to get me to go here for at least a year. We went yesterday and I'm glad we did. Not a big place, small actually, but everyone servers and patrons were extremely nice. "Gary", a big man with a ponytail who, i believe, is the Chef/Owner was out several times during our lunch to see how his patrons were enjoying the food. We shared a table with another couple and enjoyed the chit chat during lunch. I had the chicken & sausage jambalaya and really enjoyed it. In fact, it was the best I have ever had. Served with two sides, which you pick from a list of about a dozen items. it was quite the meal for lunch. The couple we dined with had the fried oyster PoBoy and they looked as appetizing. I'm going to bring my wife back this Saturday to try that PoBoy.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/2/2014,102,55,3,3,2>I have to say, the first time I went to Double J's I walked in and walked right back out. But I thought I would give it an actual shot since I have heard such greats reviews about it. Plus the people I was with wanted to go and who was I to say no! :) I went here last night with a few friends and instantly loved our waitress. She was so kind and bubbly. I wasn't looking for a huge meal so I thought I would try the BLT. When I saw they had it on the menu I instantly wanted it. Then she told me that they serve fried okra! Oh man. I was so excited at this point. I LOVE fried okra. I can never get enough. I ordered the brownie with ice cream for dessert and it was tasty. I left nothing on my plate! Overall the company was great, the food was great...I will be coming back!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/1/2014,28,111,,5,3>Best sandwich in memphis hands down! Amazing place! And I love the new location!I always get the pastrami or fried chicken. Both are delicious! I always get the soft bread which in my opinion is the way to go.I really don't know how they do it! They are busy at all times a day! Which will hopefully keep them open for years to come!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,6/30/2014,106,53,,4,3>I actually went here on the first day that they were open and I am going to break tradition and review without going back for a second look.  mostly because I was actually very pleased with my experience.  The staff was very friendly and helpful (almost overly so)....the seating was prompt and service was friendly and very helpful.   I was dining alone, so sat in the bar area and literally had people fighting over me to serve me.   A very good thing.  Let's talk about the bar.   Since their special that day was a Pineapple Margarita I gave it a try....OMG!...why had I not thought of combining fresh pineapple with a margarita before!....excellent combo, lots of tasty perfectly ripe pineapple in the drink.  would definitely order again.   The menu is an interesting combo of traditional Mexican favorites (Tacos, enchiladas,etc) as well as many traditional spanish tapas and small plates.  I started with their house made chips and pico de gallo.  The chips were fresh and perfect and still warm from the fryer.  the Pico was vibrant and fresh although could have used a bit of heat.  I also tried the Mexican corn (aka Elote) as an appetizer.   their version was a tasty smoky roasted corn base and was very good almost matching the standard amazing of the pushcart vendors in Pilsen in Chicago.  I ended up getting the three taco combination since there were so many interesting flavors  and I couldn't chose just one.   I got the lamb, the pork belly and the chicken.   The tacos come on soft homemade blue corn masa tortillas which are different to say the least...but very tasty.   The lamb taco while seasoned well since it had Tzitki sauce the flavor was a bit off putting and reminded me of a gyro...not bad....just didn't seem to go with the rest of the flavor profiles present.   The chicken taco came with a mole sauce and roasted corn and the pork belly taco were both fabulous.   Finally I did the dessert sampler...the chocolate truffle was rich but the tequila based chantilly cream that came with it cut the richness and was a good complememt.  the bread pudding was just okay.  The cheesecake was fabulous rich and the perfect dulce de leche flavor.Overall I think this is an great addition to the Overton square dining scene.  Honestly I truly enjoyed my dining experience the only reason this isnt a 5 star review is because I didn't try their tableside guacamole....so I will try that next time and see if it warrants the update.   Bottom line go check this place out for a fun and tasty dining experience.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/29/2014,272,182,2,3,2>These places are seriously underrated. They have great party supplies, holiday supplies, cards, food, toiletries, toys, knick knacks, and more all for just a dollar! And the quality isn't bad either; my girlfriend still has Valentine's Day balloons I got from here (accompanied by better gifts, don't worry) and their still floating and like new 2.5 months later! Cashiers are friendly too :-)
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,6/28/2014,123,66,2,6,3>i've gone this past weekend from a recommendation by a friend and i must say this is one of the best taco stands i've had in Memphis.The food service is outside on a truck while there is a drink and desserts place right next to it. I guess they are sharing the stores parking lot together which only allows 2 spaces for customers to park then. We had to park next door which was a cash loan place but we got it to go. they have an outdoor patio seating thats semi covered which will fit about 6 tables i think that can accommodate 4 ppl each. The ice cream/drink store right next door can accommodate around 20-30 ppl inside which is air conditioned. i've seen ppl order and go inside to eat since it is a bit hot outside now. One major plus thing is they do take credit cards.My friends and i had ordered 2 orders of the steak tacos which came 3 to an order. It came with all the fixings, onions, cilantro, onions, lime. they also gave you some sauces that you can top with, we chose the extra spicy one which had a good kick but wasn''t overpowering. The steak was cooked just right where it was still juicy and not dry like some other places and the tacos were heated just right as well. i wish i had captured some photos but my phone had died that day. Can't wait to try some other dishes from them next time.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,6/27/2014,71,41,4,7,4>Red Koi is a Japanese-inspired restaurant that has sushi, hibachi food, and a full bar. The hibachi food is prepared on a traditional teppanyaki grill, but without the gimmick of tricks and poorly-executed jokes. Although the grill is exposed and easily-viewable in the dining area, guests are seated at regular dining tables. This place has food that is discernibly not the best  Memphis, but it's good enough - and I mean that. The sushi selection is abundant and well-made enough for me to to call this a sushi spot. The hibachi food is comparatively cheap and comes with a decent portion, but includes fried rice, vegetables, soup, and salad (during dinner hours). I'm like a kid in a candy store when it comes to the bar; they can make anything  you want - but don't forget to try their specialty drinks! I particularly like The Marilyn. The atmosphere of Red Koi is calming and intriguing. Orange and black give a chic glaze to the restaurant, but neon blue lights kind of serve up a modern feel. It's worth mentioning that I have never once had to wait for a table, and I've been during peak hours plenty of times. That's not to say this place is dead - it isn't! In fact, the growing popularity of Red Koi has it pretty packed during dinner hours! Although the manager could use a bit of an attitude makeover, the servers are extremely friendly, pleasant, and efficient. What keeps me coming back to Red Koi as my go-to for Japanese-inspired food? CONSISTENCY. The food, service, atmosphere, and overall experience are consistently good. Sure I could go to A-tan for a great tableside hibachi experience, or Blue Fin for the best sushi in town, but there's no reason to when Red Koi has never let me down. It's like going to a gourmet burger shop when all you really want is Huey's!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,6/26/2014,38,198,,3,3>What a beautiful park in the middle of downtown Memphis. The Redbirds were playing the Reno Aces, the D-backs' AAA affiliate, on a hot, sunny (and not particularly humid) Fathers Day Sunday. What a shame Memphis does not support the team better...the park looked deserted with only about one in every ten to twenty seats filled. It's too bad because the park is really very nice...there are picnic tables, a sunbathing hill, even a boardwalk and playground for kids. Word is they are struggling, and the city is going to take over. Oh joy, that's sure to end well. Well, if they fold, Memphis will only have itself to blame.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,6/25/2014,122,128,5,6,5>Visited High Point Barber Shop tonight after I missed my usual place. I came in at about 5:10pm and they closed at 6. There were three people ahead of me and two people in the chairs so I expected to be there awhile. Pleasantly to my surprise, it didn't take as long and I was under the shears by 5:45pm. The conversations on going were cool and they kept it pretty lively. But you didn't come here for my review of the waiting area right!?ON TO THE HAIRCUT!Like any other true barber, certain things are expected: attention to detail and a hot shave on the back of my neck. On both accounts and more, High Point Barber Shop did not disappoint!In fact, my barber Rob, did an awesome job. We discussed big band music and upcoming shows all while meticulous attention to detail was given. They charge $22 for a haircut and it's well worth it. I explained what I wanted and he didn't ask any strange questions or give me a look like, "Are you serious!?" He was all about service. The haircut turned out great and afterwards I had questions about how to maintain the style he gave me and he was more than willing to help.Overall, I was very impressed! Great location and great people. Ask for Rob and enjoy! Great LOCAL barber shop - highly recommended!!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/24/2014,130,118,4,5,3>I just moved to Memphis from NYC and have noticed there are not many places to shop for a city girl...until I found The Attic in Overton Square! I LOVE this boutique! The owner Alex has such cute style and her staff is friendly and helpful in selecting outfits and accessories that go together. I can't help myself, every time I'm in the store I purchase at least 2-3 items...My favorite part, unlike New York boutiques, The Attic apparel is actually reasonably priced and high quality. I also love that after I'm done shopping I can go grab drinks at the bars next door and across the street. Makes for a perfect Sunday Funday:)
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/23/2014,53,58,,4,3>I don't venture Downtown often, especially if it isn't Redbirds seasons, however I will make the occasional trip to visit this place. I love the Flying Fish, LOVE IT. I have never had anything off the menu that wasn't delicious and for anyone that has ever dined with or near my family knows we each order a different thing then play pass the plate. So it is fairly safe to say I have sampled A LOT of their menu. I love their Shrimp Po Boys, the fish tacos are great too. My mom can't leave without a chocolate fried pie! They have a nice selection of bottled beer, they recently started serving Margaritas (heavy on the tequila). This is a great place for a group or date night, plus its right by the Flying Saucer!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/5/2013,89,341,2,8,2>Holy Guacamole, I love this place!I've been a fan of Las Delicias ever since they opened the location on Park at Getwell a few years ago. It's a little closer to my house than this one on Quince, but honestly - I like this new location better.  The atmoshere is a bit nicer and it's definitely not as noisy.  The acoustics are so bad at the Park location that you can't carry on a coversation when they get really busy, which is all the time.  Of course mostly I'm so busy munching on those awesome made-in-house chips and guacamole that I don't care.  But it is quieter at Quince and they have an awesome patio when the weather is nice enough to sit outside.  My favorite items on the menu?  Hummm....  Well for sure the enchiladas with mole (aye aye aye!), any of the awesome tortas and well, yes....their incredibly fresh and chunky guacamole!  It's simiply the best in town.   Keep up the good work, Las Delicias - I love you!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,4/4/2013,20,12,,2,2>LLLLLLLOOOOOOVVVVVEEEEE this place! Perfect place to catch dinner alone or with a group. The atmosphere is very chill & relaxed. Decor is stylish & hip with a mix of  high cafe tables, couches, regular tables & a nice bar. There are a couple of big screen TVs if you want to catch a game while you dine. You never know who is going to swing by!Nice wine list with a variety for anyone's taste and price range. The food is scrumptious! I have a bit of a restricted diet so I am a bit limited in what I can order but I am in love with the Tuscan Butter, Portobello al Forno, Italian Tomato Caprese, Herbed Gnocchi, Tasmanian King Salmon and Lobster Pizza! Some of the food is very rich so beware if you can't handle it. Spindini runs an awesome 1/2 pizza & wine special on Monday nights. Treat yourself  to a lobster pizza & a bottle of Educated Guess! Also keep an eye on their Facebook page for specials. Last month, they did a promo where you could buy a gift card & River City Management Group (their parent company) sent you a gift card for the same amount for free. Can't beat free food!!
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/3/2013,106,53,,10,5>yes I am stingy with my 5 star reviews....but this place earned it with just the salsas alone!I will preface this with a I am usually not a fan of Fish Tacos outside of Cali or a couple of states in Mexico....no one else seems to be able to get the balance of seasonings and toppings right.  Elena's got it.  I have been here a few times and have had the Fish and Shrimp tacos (both breaded and grilled), the guacamole, the carne asada fries and a whole bunch of Chips and all of the Salsas.  Both the fish and shrimp tacos are excellent....and believe it or not they are better grilled than fried.  the cabbage and little dash on crema on them really sets them off well.  The rice and beans are some of the best I have had.  the rice is flavorful and a standout on its own....and the refried beans are surprisingly light and very tasty.   The true standout of this place are the fresh salsas at the little salsa bar.  That hot green one the Ramona...I could have drank a whole pint of that...burning tounge be dammed.  I also liked the super hot one but use that SPARINGLY....otherwise you will be crying.  The biggest surprise though was the mild one (I think it is the Elena) it has so much flavor and character without being hot at all.I echo other's sentiments that the guac is sometimey (and they dont give you enough of it)...one of the two times I ordered it....it was great...the other time it was not so great.The carne asada fries are the least "mexican" thing on the menu but they do have their place...think super duper loaded nachos....but over french fries.  They were quite tasty but so heavy that I fell asleep immediately after eating them.  But for a teenage boy (or folks who still have teenage boys appetites) they are awesome.  A great place worth the sort of out of the way trip you have to make to get there.   Do NOT miss trying all the different salsas!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,4/2/2013,26,99,2,3,2>If you are familiar with Japanese history, you may recognize the name Edo. Edo was the old name of the Japanese capital city of Tokyo and just so happens to be an era of Japanese history as well. With this in mind, does Edo, a Japanese restaurant in Memphis, reflect its nomenclature origins and transport us to its historical Japanese roots, or is it merely a two dimensional stereotype of its inspiration?I have visited Edo approximately 3 times as of the composition of this review. It has failed to disappoint on all occasions . I have tried their tonkatsu donburi, their sushi, and their teriyaki beef as entrees. I have been impressed by all of them, the sushi and donburi in particular. All entrees are served with soup  -- a choice of miso or clear is offered. The clear broth is fantastic and is highly recommended. Their tonkatsu donburi is phenomenal. They use just the right amount of sauce so that each bite is flavorful and delicious. The tonkatsu-don is served with a pork fillet and a poached egg atop a bed of rice covered with a savory-sweet sauce with a sweet onion base. It is very filling, and is likely all you will need for a lunch. Their sushi is phenomenal. The tuna and mackerel I ordered were perfect. The rice has a perfect texture and is not compressed. It has a very mild flavor, and vinegar and wasabi is not used in an overpowering way. The fish is served at just the right temperature and is firm but not chewy. It also has no fishy aftertaste or aroma. The whole item is very well-done. I believe that this is my new GOLD STANDARD for sushi in Memphis - after 3 trials, there is no inconsistency in their sushi quality. For "fancy" sushi rolls, I have been told that their offering is not as exotic as other locales; so if your opinion of good sushi is a BBQ chicken and cream cheese roll smattered in thousand island dressing you might want to go somewhere else. Food: 5/5While the exterior is quite rough, the interior is much nicer although you can tell that the establishment has been here for decades from the rough finish. The booths are comfortable and culturally themed. One of  the more interesting features is that they play old Japanese music inside -- something that I haven't really noticed at any other Memphis establishments. Burger King could really benefit from this, j/k. Personally, it is a little quiet in the restaurant during off-times, so you probably won't be able to discuss things secretly. The entire dining area is older but is quite clean. The dining room feels very compact. It's small but not intrusively so; I like it. Atmosphere: 4/5The service is excellent. The hostess is polite, but as one of my dining companions pointed out she has a voice that can sometimes sound agitated. Great service though.Service: 4/5The amount of food you get per entrée is definitely a sufficient amount for any hungry belly. However, it certainly could be more. I have not left with any take-away from a visit here; however, I have also never left hungry or unsatisfied. The quality of the food is exceptional and is comparable or cheaper than most other Japanese restaurants in Memphis. With this market competition in mind, I believe that Edo is an excellent value.Value: 5/5Every so often, you go someplace and you have such a compelling experience that you need to stop what you're doing and put pen to paper to tell someone about it. I have 8 reviews in my queue right now, but I am sitting at my desk writing about this one. Why? Because other people need to know about this jewel. They need to have an opportunity to experience something great that they might never experience if they didn't read about it first. Certainly it can be intimidating embarking to a sector of town that is unfamiliar, rough, and strange, but in certain special cases, such as with Edo, the destination is worth the journey. Overall: 5/5
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/1/2013,16,6,,1,1>I've been lucky enough to eat this location's chicken many times. My dad works at the Mason Prison and grabs some Gus's on his way home if he knows I'll be intown. It's the original Gus's, which automatically makes it the best location.The chicken is spicy and crispy on the outside.. juicy and tender on the inside. By far the best fried chicken I have ever eaten. Its greasy and fattening... what's not to love?
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2013,3/31/2013,49,41,,10,1>First off, a disclaimer: This place has been open for less than a week. A friend and I went on the second night it was open, so I want to give the place credit for being new. However, I feel that too many things were "off" for me to cut them too much slack. Anyway, on to my review. We walked in the restaurant, which was pretty crowded, as was expected at 6:30 PM on a Saturday night. No big deal. The hostess was super friendly and said that the wait would be around 10 minutes, which we were cool with. A couple seats opened at the bar, and my friend and I opted for those, as we didn't really need a table anyway. We sat there for 15 minutes and nobody (of the 3-4 people behind the bar) even acknowledged that we were there (or cleared off the old drinks/plates from the people who were sitting there before us). The hostess finally came up to us and told us that a table was open; if we had gotten served, we would have just stayed at the bar and let someone else have the table, but since we had no luck with service at the bar, we moved to the table with hopes that the service would be better. After sitting at the table for about 5 minutes, someone came and took our drink orders. We both got the regular margaritas, which were alright, though they were both pretty skimpy on the tequila... Too weak to justify the $7.00 price tag. As an appetizer, we ordered the guacamole with chips. We could tell the chips were homemade, and they were delicious, as was the guac. The chips and guacamole were hands down the best part of our meal. On to the entrees. My friend ordered two chicken tacos, and I ordered the vegan hot dog. We received our food in a timely manner, though my friend wished he ordered more because the tacos were super small (something that was not clarified in the menu). My vegan hot dog would have been delicious, but it came to the table lukewarm. Our check, without tip, ended up being around $60.00 for two people, which we felt was a bit ridiculous for the amount and quality of the food we received.In conclusion, I really want to like this place. It has a great location and patio. However, I'm definitely going to wait a month or two before I return. This place has potential if they work out the kinks.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/30/2013,13,163,2,6,2>Flemming's offers a fine dining choice that is refined without being stuffy, and formal without being pretentious.  The service is attentive and friendly, and the food is always top notch.  They regularly have specials that can be some excellent deals as well.  Valet parking is complementary (but do tip the valet).  They have an extensive wine selection, and make it easy to find your favorite by using iPads for the wine list.This is the perfect place for a high end business dinner or a romantic evening.  Unlike many steakhouses that seem to cater to the over-50 set, a younger client will feel comfortable in the upscale but friendly interior.  I particularly like the open kitchen, it's a fascinating thing to watch during your meal.It's not cheap, perhaps $40 per head if trying to be cheap, and easily $100 per head with all the courses and wine, however it's one of the few places in Memphis where I feel the prices are justified.  Clearly the ingredients are all top quality, and more importantly I've never seen a steak that wasn't cooked perfectly out of the kitchen.I'm particularly fond of their Caesar salad.  Most places seem to think a Caesar needs to be swimming in dressing, but not Flemming's.  They clearly put some love into both the dressing as well as the assembly of the salad and the result is a proper Caesar.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,3/28/2013,114,317,5,7,2>You'll find your entrance to Elwood's Shack off of Summer or by navigating through the Lowe's parking lot to the right, where contractors pick their goods up. The "Shack" part definitely lives up to its name, as Elwoods is a very (VERY) small establishment.Good things come in small packages, as my mother used to say. Elwood's Shack isn't just good, though. It's fan-freaking-tastic. On our visit, we chose the BBQ nachos, meatball sub, and club sandwich. We opted to get ours to-go and went for a picnic in the park. Upon opening our containers, all of our jaws dropped. My husband's club was enormous and beautifully put together. My daughter's meatball sub was equally generous and consisted of about 6 BIG meatballs. My BBQ nachos? Those got "ooh's" and "ahh's" from all.The noise did not end there. With every bite, we each found ourselves shaking our heads and making sounds that are normally reserved for the bedroom. My BBQ nachos were deemed the winner of the table. Elwood's has a smoker on-site and one of the owners, from Texas, has mastered its use. The nachos were a perfect combination of sweet, spicy, & smokey. I've had BBQ nachos from all over Memphis & I am crowning Elwood's Shack the hands-down winner.Second place went to the meatball sub. The meatballs are a reflection of the other owner, from New York, as they were passed down from his family. Bigger than a golf ball, but smaller than a pool ball, the flavor and texture was delicious. Roasted red pepper & garlic marinara were wonderful as well. I'm not trying to leave the club sandwich out; it was great. I think that it just seemed a little "Plain Jane" compared to the other items. I'll say this: It was so darn good that my husband went by there on our way back home to tell the owners how much we enjoyed it...........and to snag himself a piece of homemade pecan pie.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/27/2013,1,7,,4,4>I've been a vegetarian for nearly 39 years. I enjoy all kinds of vegetarian and vegan cuisine. When a colleague brought me to Balewa's last week, I may have discovered my new favorite restaurant in Memphis. I had the Live Burger, which was the best veggie burger I've every had. What I liked most about it is that it is not an attempt to imitate a meat burger. It is in its own category, and it is delicious.The location is convenient for me and the decor is nothing special. What makes the place worth your patronage is the food, the staff and Balewa. They are all wonderful. I look forward to trying more of the items on the menu.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,3/26/2013,10,104,,4,1>The only reason I am not giving this place a 5 star is because of the ambiance and the place needs a little work updating. Other than that the place is awesome. The service is great and the food are delish.The first time I ordered a take out; it was great. I took my wife and son tonight and it was the same; the food is super great and the service was good. I had the Al-Ryan special, it had everything. It had kofti (ground rolled beef), grilled chicken, shawarma beef, grilled lamb, awesome rice, salad, pita bread, humus, 3 different type of sauces, and the best " dogome" falafel I ever had. It was home made!!!! The wife had the lamb kabob with all the fixings and my son had the beef shawarma plate with also all the fixings. Did I told you their falafel is awesome. I actually felt kind of heathy after eating it.Anyway like I said earlier, the place needs a little work but please do not let that stop you from trying their awesome food, especially the falafel. Take it to go.Oh I forgot the most important thing, it is easy on the wallet. One of this days I have to make it there for lunch because they put out a delicious buffet.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,12/30/2011,21,22,1,15,6>I have been using PK's for a little while now to get my pants hemmed and the experience has been nothing but FIRST RATE!  This is a small, cluttered shop with a small staff that is VERY nice with an efficiency I rarely get to experience.  They have also been accommodating with my last minute rush jobs as it seems that I always try to get stuff like this done at the last minute.PK is very nice with a professional attitude and offers great recommendations.  Recently, I dropped off  4 pair of pants on a Tuesday afternoon - got in, measured, and out in less than 15 minutes.  By Friday morning they called and said my clothes were ready.  All four pants were expertly done AND they even matched the color and thread used originally True Religion = AWESOME.Prices are very reasonable with hemming for 4 pants @ $57.....good deal.  Don't be nervous about the decor or general frumpy state of the interior.  Give PK's a try and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,12/29/2011,21,127,4,7,4>!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!­!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! is all I can say because this place leaves me SPEECHLESS.I'm not quite sure what Mexican ice cream is, but judging from the 80% Hispanic clientele, I'm assuming this place is right up their alley. Well, in any case, the assortment and wide variety of sweets is definitely right up MY ALLEY!such interesting flavors! they have several different things - ice cream (scooped), popsicle bars, fruit cups, drinks (horchata, pina colada etc) and actual food. you will probably be bamboozled, as i was, but they were so helpful! ice bars are 2.50  apiece, ice cream is 2.50 (1 scoop), 3.25 (2), 3.90 (3). unlike of other ice cream places, tipping is also suggested on your receipt, which i gladly gave because she spent a good 10  mins explainin every single flavor to us!LOVE this place!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2008,12/28/2011,76,204,7,11,3>I think that I avoided this place for a long time, simply because it looked like a place in L.A. that was a favorite of a friend's for being a great breakfast place-but that smelled like a thousand years of cigarette smoke, armpit and had walls covered in grease.This is NOT that place! What I found was a 'clean well lit place', that did not smell of cigarette smoke or grill grease (too much). It does fall into my category of 'greasy spoons' or 'diner food'.I had a blueberry belchin' (Belgian) waffle and my friend had the banana and strawberry pancakes with a side of bacon. When our waitress overheard me musing about blueberries, she kindly and honestly informed me that the blueberry toping was 'blueberry pie filling', same as the strawberry pancakes. No matter, when in Rome...or on Summer Ave., neither I or my friend were disappointed.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,12/27/2011,22,9,,5,3>Dropped by with friends to participate in Wednesday night trivia.  I really love the intimate feeling that this small bar creates on the main floor.  There is a simple menu with basic sandwiches and tamales.  5 beers on tap, but a more extensive bottled menu.  Service was quick and very attentive.  The clientelle was a cool casual group.  Down in the basement there is plenty of room to spread out and even shoot some pool.  Although it seems that the large basement is eschewed by the crowd in favor of the smaller main floor.  The evening of my visit there were two bands playing short sets.  Both were decent and very very loud.  From the schedule of events, it seems that there is a regular roster of music at Kudzu's and I am excited to get back and sample some more of it.As cool as this place is, there are potential negatives that might keep you from having a good time.  Parking is convenient, but a bit sketchy.  I do not recommend driving the Benz to this bar.  The bar has cameras to watch the lot, but somehow that just reinforces my feeling that it isn't the safest place in the world.  Total lack of liqour, but the new owner says that this will be remedied in the near future.  Smoking is allowed, which is a deal killer for many people.Update: visited again last week.  Liqour is now being served.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,12/26/2011,13,27,,3,3>I just had dinner at Do. Yum.  Is Do the fanciest sushi/noodle joint in town.  Probably not. Is it maybe the coolest?  Um, yes. It's been around for a while.  A quiet little Midtown jewel that is happy to live with the regulars. I went with two friends, and relaxed on the couch by the front window. We had a couple appetizers, then invested in several rolls. The "Mindy roll", not on the menu should not be missed. The crunchy shrimp is a big and welcome departure from the rolls we are used to having at other local sushi joints, and the BBQ eel roll is pure eel awesomeness. The service was just as happy as you'd want, however, the tiny martinis could be a bit less tiny for the price. Walk outside on the patio and see a bunch of old friends and make some new ones. It's a really fun, intimate good time. Give it a try, or maybe not. They seem to be doing ok without recommendations. Although, if you have more than three or four, it wouldn't hurt to call ahead for a reservation.  Yum again.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,12/25/2011,11,12,,4,3>Young Avenue Deli is a Cooper-Young icon.  Maybe it's the food, maybe it's the cool atmosphere, I don't know, but this place has been consistently good as long as it's been open - a pretty long time, too.Somewhat of  a cross between bar food and deli food, everything is prepared fresh.  For appetizers, the hand breaded mozzarella sticks are a-mah-zing!  If you're feeling a little more daring, though, go for the chili cheese fries.  My all-time favorite sandwich is the Politically Incorrect - yum, yum!!  But honestly, I've probably had every sandwich on the menu at some point or another, and you really can't go wrong.There are also several vegetarian options.  Try the vegetarian chili - you won't miss the meat.  Expect football on Sundays - and if you're a Steelers fan, this place is way better to watch the games than that smoky, overcrowded sports bar in East Memphis... :) Oh yeah - YAD is also home to the best beer selection in Midtown!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2011,12/24/2011,47,110,3,5,4>So, one day, my teenage sons and a platoon of friends tell me they're going to Ching's.  Say who???  They then give me the lowdown on how great Ching's is.  What-evs.  You're driving 50 minutes roundtrip to eat wings?Then a few months later, they invited me to tag along on another trip there.  Whoa!! I--love--this--place.On their reco, I had the Honey Hots, and went back for seconds.  Fries, also excellent.Sons swear by the Seasoned and Honeys.  Won't deviate.The atmosphere is part sports bar, part Memphis race museum.  Really very cool vibe.The staff was friendly...owner personally thanked us for stopping in.Looking for an excuse to go back soon.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,12/23/2011,27,82,19,11,9>The first time I went here, I had only been living in Memphis for about 6 months. I grew up and went to college in the Northeast and I was complaining to a friend of mine that I couldn't find a good NY-style pizza here for the life of me. She took me to Memphis Pizza Cafe, and you're welcome to read my MPC review if you care to see how that turned out. It wasn't at all what I was looking for. She then suggested Little Italy. We went, but I wasn't getting my hopes up.When we walked in, I heard the owner calling out an order in a thick Brooklyn accent, and I let my hopes rise a little bit. I saw the big, foldable slices coming out of the oven, and I let them get up a little further. We ordered and I waited like a kid on Christmas Eve.When our order came out and I took my first bite, the heavens opened up and supermodel angels descended from the heavens on beams of light and lifted me skywards to a place of such beauty that to utter a single word that was spoken to me there would shatter the eardrums of any Earth-bound mortal. Jimi Hendrix was playing a harp, and Kurt Vonnegut said that he liked my poetry website. My grandfather was there, and he told me funny stories about my parents. There were puppies everywhere and they climbed all over me when I sat down. When I had finished my pizza, everyone gathered around and waved to me as the supermodel angels delicately returned me to my seat by the window, across from my friend. I waved back.Later that night, I asked my friend if she wanted to go on a proper date. She did. We kissed in her driveway afterwards, and we've been together for almost two years.Let's see any other pizza joint in Memphis do all that.Also, every time I go in there, the owner says, "Hello, my friend! Large plain?" and I love it. My girlfriend and I went the other day and I wasn't that hungry, so we just ordered a medium, but they brought us a large anyway. And, of course, I still ate most of it. Awesome place.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,12/22/2011,13,11,3,6,4>The Butcher Shop has been a household Memphis name for many years, but most people associate this restaurant with its downtown location. For those of you who live in the 'burbs (like most of us) who are uninterested in making the trek to downtown Memphis, the Cordova location should suit your needs just fine.As the name suggests, this restaurant caters to carnivores.  My nit-pickiness regarding my 8 oz. filet mignon is that I ordered it medium, but it was served medium rare. Not a deal breaker. My loaded baked potato made up for it. My favorite part of the meal was our well-chosen appetizer: crab-stuffed mushrooms. This is a must-have dish if you visit The Butcher Shop.My greatest complaint is that we had a table of about 15 loud-mouthed, screeching hooligans next to us, but this wasn't the fault of the restaurant, of course. There were also a few servers who kept vacuuming near our table, which triggered my germ phobia; but again, not a deal breaker.Meals are reasonably priced and service is excellent. The Butcher Shop is a good date place if you're not trying to knock your partner out with romanticism but you'd like to take him or her out for a hearty and filling meal.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,12/21/2011,14,39,3,4,3>If you want a perfect sandwich, come here.  Sure there are other great sandwich shops around Memphis, but this one destroys the competition.  Be sure to ask for soft bread and I suggest getting everything on the sandwich.  I'm not even a huge fan of tomatoes and onions on sandwiches, but they mesh with these sandwiches so well!The prices are more than reasonable.  I can go there with my girlfriend, we'll each get an 8" sandwich, chips and a drink and it's never been more than $13.00-$14.00.  These prices are comparable to what you're going to pay for the cardboard garbage they serve at Subway and Quizno's, so you might as well spend the same amount and get something that is leaps and bounds better.My one complaint (and I'm sure everyone else agrees) - it's cash only.  Sure you can go to the Z-Market next door and get cash out of the ATM, but who wants to pay a $3.00 ATM fee just to get cash for a sandwich?My favorites: turkey, turkey & roast beef, tuna salad
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,10/30/2014,87,274,1,7,4>Greencork is a cute little wine bar in Cooper Young.  I am pretty sure that is Memphis's only self service wine bar.  It works like this.  First you get a card, in which you choose how much money to put on it.  I put $20 on mine.  The wine dispensers are grouped by type of wine.  You can choose if you want a small, medium, or large pour.  Each wine and pour size has a different price.  You put your card in and push the button that corresponds to what you want.  Then the price is deducted from the card.  Personally, I like to get the smallest pour, so that I can try multiple types of wine.  It's very cozy.  You can sit at traditional tables or nice comfy chairs or even a couch.  They also have a bar and food.  I have had one of their appetizers.  It was a cheese plate, which was very typical.  However, I saw someone order the picnic basket.  I really want to try it.  It has a large picnic basket filled with tons of goodies.  This place is only open at night.  I have been a few times.  It is a fun experience.  My only question/concern is about tipping.  You have a waitress, who brings you water and menus.  What if I only want to use my prepaid wine card and have wine?  I'm not sure how to tip.  Anyway,  go there, if you haven't already!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2014,10/29/2014,27,164,4,5,7>I landed in Three Angels Diner one sunday for brunch.  I never thought I'd end up here.  I assumed this was a biker bar of some sort that served cheap beer and soggy sandwiches.  I assure you I saw neither of these elements during my visit.  Food was not soggy and they actually have a full bar!  It's an artsy little place that features local art on the walls and has old record covers used to decorate the bar top.  The servers were amazing.  They were friendly, patient with my indecisiveness, and very prompt all around.  I ordered the kitchen sink which is a combo of a variety of things thrown together (eggs, potatos, sausage, bacon, grits...).  Surprisingly it was not overly oily or seasoned.  It was cooked just right and tasted wonderful.  They also had several cocktails available for $5, so I ordered the champagne margarita.  It was strong but delicious!  I highly recommend trying it.I really enjoyed the atmosphere, service, food, and price.  As I was writing this I was thinking 4 stars, because there is something strange to me about giving 5 stars to a diner breakfast joint (I don't value big breakfasts like most I guess), however there is absolutely nothing I'd change about Three Angels to make it better - so they get a 5 star from me!!  I will visit again and will certainly show this place off to my friends who visit from out of town.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2014,10/28/2014,26,45,1,9,4>LBOE or Last Burger on Earth sits at the former location of Dublin House, just a bit west of Overton Square. I found out from a friend that they had opened and decided to go give them a shot. I immediately learned on walking in that the name is pronounced "elbow" which was a little weird, as I've been calling it L.B.O.E. for the last month as I awaited their opening.I sat at the bar and was greeted immediately by the friendly bartender. I ordered myself a beer which she poured quickly for me and got myself a food menu. The menu consists of several burgers available as both regular ground beef burgers, or ground turkey burgers. They also have a veggie burger option and a salad option. I opted for the LBOE burger. My next choice was on chips. Burgers are served with a choice of Memphis Barbecue, Voodoo, Nikki's Hot, or Sea Salt chips. I opted for the Voodoo chips.The burger was cooked exactly as I ordered it, and tasted great. The portion size compared to price was also good. Also speed of getting the burger was excellent. The only thing I would like to see more of would be more local beers. Right now there are only two local beers on tap. There are at least a good bit of craft beers, but I'd like to have seen a local IPA available.Overall I definitely look forward to going back again.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,10/27/2014,102,55,6,4,3>5 stars?!.... YesBecause I had a great first experience.  A girlfriend and I went to hear a band play that I enjoy.  That night we enjoyed listening a great music and drinking red wine.....maybe a little too much because my girlfriend spilled my glass all over me!! Whoops!! She felt so bad but I could not help but laugh! The employees were so nice and helpful! They brought me towels and a Lafayettes T-shirt (because my white shirt was covered in red wine!) Haha!  I can't wait to go back here and enjoy more food, drinks, and live music!!! So excited this place is finally open and ready for business!!!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,10/26/2014,24,66,4,4,3>Eggplant with garlic $8 is worth the trip alone.  Sweet with a kick of Szechuan peppercorns yum yum.  My toddler loves the house fried rice and egg foo young hubby likes the "happy family" and hot n sour soup.  Note we've had different versions of "mapo tofu" here some is American style which is much milder and less chili oil than the Chinese menu version.  Dishes are pricey but if you are dining in the service is great and the live pianist on the weekends is terrific.  She plays standards with ease and takes requests.  She's very very good.  They have sushi here and offer takeout and delivery as well. We've been coming since before the baby.  This restaurant was our first meal out with a newborn.  She's literally grown up here haha.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,10/25/2014,20,188,1,4,5>I love the Orpheum! If I were able to pick where in Memphis an artist would perform, it would be here. It's the best place to see a concert, a play, or a movie. That's right, they even show movies. Of course they show older movies, and it's only during the summer. But it's so much fun to go. That almost makes it more fun, as then it's open seating, and you can sit wherever you choose. If you're a newbie when it comes to going to the theater, it can be a great way to get an idea as to where you prefer to sit.I've seen concerts, ballets, musicals, basically I've seen everything here. The architecture is absolutely gorgeous. They definitely don't make them like they used to. If you've seen any film about any musician that takes place in Memphis (and perhaps even a couple that don't), then you've already seen the interior of the Orpheum. Walk the Line is a good example.The only downside? The seating. The seats themselves are fine, at least I think so. They seem to be your standard seat. It's the length of the aisle. There's just no freaking legroom. My suggestion? Get an aisle seat if you can. At least then you can sort of sit with your legs angled out towards the aisle, buying you another inch. From what I remember too, the seating isn't any better in any part of the place, meaning it isn't like well it's cramped on the floor, but if you can stand sitting up in the mezzanine...nope. It's like that everywhere. You have more legroom when you fly on an airplane.But other than that issue, it's easily the best venue of Memphis.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2014,10/24/2014,240,181,6,8,6>I was so happy when I first heard Memphis was getting a German place in Overton Square. Now, I have finally been to check it out. I was waiting for a friend, so I ordered up a half litre of beer... at $8 Hofbrau Marzen seems a little steep, but the beer was brought out in a great glass and the waitress was cheery as can be. I enjoyed it and waited for my friend... time passed... I ordered another beer. This time I enjoyed the Schofferhofer Grapefruit (not too secretly, I love radlers), and this was delicious. I also ordered the Brezel. The Beer cheese dip was super tasty. My friend texted me and informed me he was close, so I put in my order for the Wurst Platter with Brat, Bauern, Weiss, and Venison... It was AMAZING. The sides were tasty. my friend arrived and ordered up a couple beers. I got a Maß of the Hofbrau Dunkel. These things are legit! One litre of German beer. It hits the spot. He also ordered Sauerkraut Balls and the Konigsburg Klopse. The good:Tasty foodGerman Beers served in MaßAwesome waitressescommunity style tables (if you don't hate other people)The bad:Food prices - these were high. Beer prices - these seemed very very highcommunity style tables (if you hate other people)I will be coming back, but with the high prices, it will only be on a limited basis
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/23/2014,46,21,2,4,4>So I waited until my 3rd visit (Anniversary dinner) to McEwen's to write a review. My first 2 visits were work related where we had guest speakers staying overnight. Being a good scientist I like my data to be based on triplicates!!! I only wish real science was this straight forward. Simply put, McEwen's is so unbelievably underrated it borders on the absurd! Their service has been consistently friendly, informed and fast. The food is also consistently good; I've yet to have any issues substituting or getting the food cooked just right. Their dishes are very flavorful and range from light-fare to the rich/heavy type of food. While it is somewhat pricey, it's the norm for our unusually pricey city of Memphis...it's always strange to me that medium sized cities have on average higher prices for food; the variety in "dress code" is uniquely Memphian....but I digress!  I would like to see a more varied wine selection and one that's not so focused on Napa valley (love the place but it's not the only one), a better beer selection would help...there are a couple of new local breweries that should have their products represented.  Since I can't give 4.5, I will give it a 5.  Simply put, the food/drink/service have been good enough to keep me coming back!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,10/22/2014,95,49,,4,4>I feel like a real Memphian now that I've visited Ching's.I'm gonna make this review short and sweet. Here's what you need to know: there are 19 televisions in this place. NINETEEN, people! I'm still not over it. Besides the TVs, the wings were delish. I got 10 party wings to go. If you're not wanting super hot wings, go for the regular style sauce. They still had a nice kick. I went around 6 pm on a Monday night and it was packed, so be prepared to wait. It's worth it!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,10/21/2014,36,117,,4,4>Nailed it. Small comfortable place, constantly rotating taps, intelligent guys behind the bar who remember your face, an up to date transaction process, flights / pints available, reasonable pricing on growlers of excellent brews... they simply nailed it.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,5/26/2013,61,53,3,4,2>I admit, back when I was in college (late 90s/early 2000s), I was afraid to come here. There were rumors of the staff being mean, and not letting you ask questions or change anything about your sandwich, so I avoided it despite the raves I heard about how good it was.Now that I live a 5-minute drive away, I decided to check it out. I'm so glad I did. I've been there twice in the past several weeks, and have tried two different sandwiches: the Falafel and the Veggie Delight. Now, some of the staff is somewhat surly and really couldn't care less about you, but it's worth it. The dudes who make the sandwiches are sweet, but all the ladies have someplace they'd rather be, LOL!Anyway, the Falafel was one of the tastiest I've had, due to the copious amounts of cucumber sauce. Oh man. Sooo good. Falafel can be a little dry, but not this way! The Veggie Delight was also good, but the amount of sauce was a little too much, and overwhelmed the rest of the contents. I'll probably stick to the Falafel as my usual, mostly because I'm still terrified to ask for less sauce on the veggie.The last time I was in, I couldn't resist picking up a plate of multi-colored mochi treats, under the guise of "saving them for later"... HA. I ate them all. I don't know whether they make those in-house or what, but I'm a mochi nut so I'll be looking for those next time :-)Leaving off one star because of the staff. They really could stand to be friendly.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,5/25/2013,35,59,,3,3>My wife and I have been going to Bayou for years, but never tried Le Chardonnay at either location.  Now we're wishing we would have!  The stuffed mushrooms with duck confit are pretty amazing.  The pizza was pretty good, as was the duck slider.  The wine pours are heavy and the they have a large, moderately priced wine list. BUT, the best part, is the ambiance. We could have stayed here all night.  Like the good ol' days, there's smoking allowed.  They still have smoking and non-smoking and neither seemed to be overly smokey.  It's a grown-up place, quiet, dark (but not too dark), fireplacey.  It's just comfortable.  Definitely on our no-kid-weekend night rotation.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,5/24/2013,27,85,3,6,4>Am I dreaming or is this place really in Memphis? Thank you to all the other yelpers out there for putting this place on my radar! I've never had food like this before and it blew me away. This may be my new favorite spot in Memphis. The plaintain sandwich is amazing!! That delicious slaw and touch of sweetness from the plaintain delivered me straight into food heaven. You have to try it to believe it. It comes with 3 mini sandwiches on this cute little plate and it may look tiny but it is deceivingly filling. We sat outdoors since it was a beautiful night and every time the trolley passed on Madison, I'm pretty sure the passengers inside were staring jealously and curiously at the look of pure contentment on our faces as we devoured the food.I HIGHLY highly highly recommend this place! It's a few steps past the Trolley Stop Market on Madison towards downtown. I actually parked on the street next to TSM (perpendicular to Madison) since the parking in front of Arepa is really limited. FYI, most of the spots are actually reserved for residents of the building next to it rather than patrons of the restaurant.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,5/23/2013,121,288,5,11,4>I had to try Bharat after several people gushingly declared it the best Indian restaurant in Memphis.After my lunch today there today, I'm not sure if I can crown it the greatest (because in order to do that, extensive taste testing would be required), but I am confident in saying that it would make my personal list of favorite Indian restaurants anywhere, ever.Bharat is just off of Winchester, out past FedEx and Southwind, or, as a midtown-dwelling friend put it, "so far away, you're halfway to actual India". It takes up two storefronts, one for the restaurant, and one for a small, but well-stocked grocery store.At night, Bharat has a full menu. During lunch, they've got a buffet (about $10)  with a decent selection that changes regularly. About half of the dishes on the buffet when I went were vegetarian, the rest were made with chicken.I tried the vegetable korma, dal, gobi Manchurian, chicken tikka masala, sambar, yellow rice and some fresh fruit.Bharat Buffet, Memphis, Tenn. One of the things that I like the most about Bharat is that they don't give in to making classic, lowest common denominator buffet food. Everything I tried was very well seasoned. The things that were supposed to be spicy were actually spicy.If I had to pick a favorite thing, it would be the vegetable korma. The slightly firey sauce had a definite tomato flavor and the chickpeas made it very filling.(Pro tip: get a cup of chai with your lunch. It comes with milk, but I recommend adding one pack of sugar.) After lunch, I checked out the market. It's not very big - just slightly larger than a corner store - but it's packed with spices, sauces, chutneys, dry goods and boxed dinners. The freezer has frozen vegetables, naan and instant meals.Bharat is open daily for lunch and dinner. They accept credit cards other than American Express, and are definitely vegetarian and vegan friendly.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,5/22/2013,197,116,18,8,5>I recently moved to Midtown from East Memphis, and one of the things i was most upset about during the move was how far I'd have to travel to go to my favorite BBQ store. Well, i shouldn't have worried. Apparently, One and Only is stalking me, because the followed me out of East Memphis. The new location is on the corner of Southern and Perkins, and is much bigger than the original location on Kirby. The new location is still just as clean, the food is still just as good, and the staff is still just as friendly. I ordered the rack of ribs with twice baked potato salad and BBQ baked beans. The twice baked potato salad is probably one of the best side items I've ever had. (It's a close tie with the Cajun cabbage from Soul Fish). The beans used to be just beans mixed with BBQ sauce, but they have since improved the recipe slightly. Now, the beans are heartier with bits of smoked meat floating in them. The ribs are, hands down, the best in town. I would recommend you get the dry rub with spicy sauce.  Eating those ribs yesterday reminded me of when i was a kid and my mom's buxom friend would hug me, and I'd end up lost in warm cleavage, perfume, and a little bit of drool.  I like to attack my ribs from the middle, so they wrap around my face and i get the full enjoyment of the savory sauce and  the delicious smell. I didn't realize how much i missed motorboating on those pig parts (human parts are pretty awesome, too) until yesterday. If you're a motorboating son of a gun (and if you're not, you're doing it wrong), go check out One and Only and enjoy yourself.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/21/2013,47,58,3,5,3>FRESH ICE CREAM!!! Seriously, take ice cream, which is always amazing, and add that "fresh" quality to it. Like when you have a fresh burger, or fresh fruit, or a fresh morning coffee, but do that with ice cream! This place is great. They have ice cream, as well as paletas (ice cream bars on sticks, like fudgesicles but of fruit and flavors and goodness). This is fresh, handmade ice cream in delicious and interesting flavors. I love the pineapple cheese, which interests a lot of people and is great, but by far the best is the gansito ice cream (gone-see-toe). Gansitos are Mexican twinkies that are filled with strawberry jelly along with cream and then covered in chocolate. Try to make a twinkie better? Mexicans said "si se puede!" then they moved to Memphis and said "Make Mexican twinkies better?" To which I answered "uh, yes please." and BOOM! GANSITO ICE CREAM! Seriously my favorite.Shifting gear a bit, they also have aguas (literally "waters" but delicious waters with flavors). My favorite is the agua de platano (banana water) which they rarely have but they most likely have horchata and you should always be drinking horchata. Get an horchata on your way out, or pick one up to have with a meal elsewhere. Just get an horchata, a creamy, cold, and refreshing horchata. Another option is Jamaica (spelled Jamaica, but pronounced "ha-my-ka") which is hibiscus tea sweetened and tart and cold and refreshing.Authentic and delicious and cheap. This place has everything. I would give it a sixth star if I could.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,5/20/2013,39,320,5,7,5>I'm usually skeptical when the boyfriend wants to take me to "cool" places in sketchy areas, but I gotta say, WOW.  This place is huge, and is filled with every kind of ethnic food you never knew existed, with aisles labeled by country.  I think you could literally spend all day wandering around the store, marveling at all the crazy food.  The seafood department was my favorite, offering a massive selection of whole fish, most of which I'd never heard of (baby shark?!), including LIVE catfish and tilapia, as well as tons of different kinds of shrimp, crab, oysters, etc.  The meat selection is similarly crazy, and equally reasonably-priced -- no Whole Foods inflation here.When we finally tired of walking around, we were quickly checked out by a pretty friendly cashier, and then headed outside to sample the corn on the cob being sold from a Mexican food trailer, having been drawn in by the smells.So, while this is not really my neighborhood, I would totally come back here for any number of things -- or even better, send the boyfriend!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,5/19/2013,56,214,,5,4>I will preface this by saying that everyone needs (besides warm and fuzzy social stuff) the following:  a good doctor, a good dentist, AND a TRUSTWORTHY mechanic.Jim and Patrick run that kind of shop.  Here is some history...The story behind Jim and Patrick is cool.  I first met them when they both worked at Winchester VW.  Jim was in the front waiting on me one day, and Patrick worked on my car.  The rates were AWFUL at the VW dealership, so I was more than thrilled when they opened.At first, it was only Jim and Pat in the shop.  I would have them take care of my Passat because they WERE and ARE reasonably priced and very knowledgeable.  I sold my Passat for my behemoth Toyota truck.  The kicker...I have a Wolfsburg tag advert, and I don't even own a VW!  That is my devotion to honest, hardworking small business.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/18/2013,21,105,5,2,4>Honestly this place... there are no words to properly describe it's amazingness.So the best way to get here is drive west down poplar towards downtown and then take a right on 3rd street, or you can take exit for n 3rd street on I-40. Seriously just go. This place is xbhdnxjmsahbc. It is the reason people are 10 minutes late from their lunch break. A reason why their wallets are a few ounces lighter and bellies a few pounds heavier. A reason for a smile and good will towards others. The reason why I don't mind driving all the way from East Memphis/Germantown during afternoon rush hour on Poplar and then back from to wince I came. It is one of the reasons why I started yelping.Anyway, last week my friend asked me out to lunch... or I suppose linner? ... mid-afternoon snack-meal.(3pm ish, after work) So when he asked where we should go, I was wracking my brain trying to think of a place aside from Chinese sub shop(oh he was from out of town). It hit me that I hadn't had a gutbomb in awhile nor been here really since the time of my review for Roxies. So off we set for Uptown. He was mostly apprehensive when we got there and wouldn't come out so while he guarded the car, I went in to order us Uptowns(burgers with bell peppers and so much cheese). I did a quick look at the menu on the wall, even though I knew what I wanted... but then I decided to experiment with some other easy staples that they make(after all I did want to also try their bbq at some point so might as well see if their other food is up to par - also it was a Thursday, bbq is on the weekends only).I went with a 3 piece whole wing(honey gold :D), thinking that I would split it and the monstrosity that is the Uptown.The neighborhood looks so crummy but the people who work here are so golden.It took awhile longer than expected for the wings to cook, around 20ish minutes(because unlike other places they cook the wings to order and not in huge batches and then heat lamped or refried.The burger was cooked in about 15 minutes and the guy cooking it must have put 4 or 5 slices of cheese... :LI will say this is the bad part... the burger cooks faster than the wings, but I really can't just call it a burger, it is a monster. I'm a big guy, I can eat, like really really eat, but even I have problems finishing this off sometimes, oh and I am not afraid to admit I used a fork for this thing. Anyway the bottom bun was soggy...er than other times I've had it.The guy behind the register rings it up as burger combo and 3 wings for around 13 something and told me to get a drink (they have a huge selection... huge huge huge of sodas and juices as well as $1 24oz beers). I corrected him and then it came out to $9.50.Now we had to drive back all the way to my house in East Memphis so around 10-15 minutes on the interstate. Uptown was perfect with a super soggy dead bun (we might have opted to have eaten it with rice for me... perks of being asian :P and tortillas for him).Now to the wings, I say it took us a good 30-40 minutes after these came out of the fryer and then sauced before we got to them. I don't remember if it came with veggies or not but, not the important part right? Breadroll nothing special, and ranch was in this decent sized container.These wings are $3.50 for 3 I think, you can add another wing for $1 each or something. These things are HUGE!!! Now I know bigger wings mean less flavor... possibly more antibiotics/hormones but... these wings...1. Crisp2. Perfect honey gold - homemade?3. Messy :L4. Delicious and still really hot even after a half hour or more out of the fryer.5. Perfect and delicious zhbxnebhdhsnwamzsSTUFFED. RETARDED STUFFED.After this little episode I've been on a bit of a hot wing kick. Sad to say as of yet have not found a better wing than this place... so it looks like I will have to make yet another trip to Uptown soon to get a fix.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/17/2013,95,49,3,3,5>I'm new to Five Guys, so even though it's a chain, I'm gonna be rebellious and review it anyway. First of all, the location is great if you're in midtown and not feeling Huey's. The service was quick and the burger was yummy. I ordered the little cheeseburger and a little cajun fry; both fresh and filling. Don't let the "little" thing discourage you. I'm scared to know how big the large burger is.The best part about Five Guys is the service. The servers yell out your orders and just listening to them is downright entertaining. I was served with a smile. What's better than that?It's worth a trip if you're wanting a quick bite!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/1/2014,39,66,3,4,3>Uh-huh. It's that good.  Yes the owner is a strange one, but a nice man it seems. He appears to be overly braggadocios until you take a bite of the falafel which he has been telling you is the best EVER made. Go ahead....eat it. Then you will realize that he is indeed quite the humble man, for he should be elevated to the status of legend with such an accomplishment as his falafel. Fresh, fresh, and crispy, hot, crunchy, cool, fresh. Exquisite. And the portions are huge. You will NOT slap this man after eating this. On the contrary, you would be happy to have his image on your nation's coinage. Go visit him.  He will annoy you, but it will be worth it. No regrets. Going back real soon for more.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/31/2014,275,277,2,7,2>I ordered carry out for a quick dinner when my husband came home. He worked until after 9 pm.Loved the papaya salad, chicken tom kha and panang curry. Can't wait to eat in.Friendly service and great food. Note: if ordering a carry out take a sharpie to mark contents as all the coconut milk curries look alike.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/30/2014,54,99,1,6,2>Some people are just clueless. This is the only restaurant in Cordova I would drive to. Been to Italy numerous times and this helps keep us here.  So glad they're back...cheaper than a plane ticket!!!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,1/29/2014,83,147,3,5,4>Anytime I visit a sushi restaurant where they serve half-rolls, I'm already hooked. I can try several different rolls without spending a lot of money. This place has half-rolls so it was love at first sight here. The restaurant has hibachi as well so you can choose between regular dining or hibachi.My favorite rolls here are the Spicy Crawfish, Cordova, and the Spicy salmon roll. I've also had the hibachi on a separate visit and it's very good and very entertaining as a good hibachi should be. I would recommend this location and this restaurant as a good sushi and hibachi restaurant
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,1/28/2014,153,109,3,9,4>I first spotted The Growler on the "Hot New Business" list and immediately new this would be a winner date night pick to surprise my boyfriend with. He loves beer, and especially micro-brewed beers. I was presently surprised at all the beer I actually enjoyed from here! I don't usually drink it, but the Abita Macchiato tasted like coffee and was amazing. There was also a Memphis Made beer which tasted like coffee that came in a close second!  I am in still in awe of all the swag this little gem carries. It was a little hard to spot from the road, but the inside is just so comforting. Its very quaint and cozy. The beer choices are amazing. The flights are only $6 for 4 different beers, which makes finding a beer you enjoy a lot easier. You can also get pints and growlers. You can only purchase growlers if you plan to drink it at home, though. They mentioned it was for legal reasons. The only downside to the place is there's not much seating and they should look into adding shelves along the walls for people to stand with their beers. All around this place is amazing and I can't wait to go back!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,1/27/2014,65,212,2,10,4>Four stars because I'm rooting for this place, and because it's the best croissant I've had in the nine months since we moved to Memphis. I love the space and the menu, while small, seems promising. Owned by Kevin Keough (who holds a minority stake in The Beauty Shop), Cafe Keough seems true to the original European cafe function - coffee and pastry in the mornings, and sandwiches/beers as the day wears on.  The person working the front counter said they will likely be staying open later now that they've gotten their liquor license.The croissants and raspberry Danish we tried were outstanding. The croissant had the perfect crispy outside and chewy inside, beautifully flaky and without that frustrating sensation of chewing on butter-flavored air that accompanies lesser croissants. These could stand up to a contest with Tartine's in San Francisco.  Cafe Keough could easily put a certain other bakery in town out of business by merit of the croissants alone.A few things confuse me:1. J. Brooks (local roaster) coffee is $4 for a 16-oz mug. This seems a bit high to me for brewed coffee without refills, even for a quality local brew (which this is).  I would have felt better about paying $8 for a French press of the same coffee.  By comparison, a latte is the same price and a double espresso costs a bit less. 2. The quiche (a good value at $4.25 with a side of fruit, green, or quinoa salad included) was tasty, but a but rubbery, almost as if it had been reheated. This was confusing because the display case was steamy presumably from the warmth of the quiche. We had the spinach feta, and we all agreed that the taste and crust were impressive, even with the textural issues.3. No high chairs or booster seats on-site. Maybe they're coming - the place is new, after all.I would definitely recommend this spot to anyone looking for nice light and open space to relax and inspire over morning coffee and a perfect pastry.  And I'll definitely be back to check out the nighttime vibe.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/26/2014,961,900,10,14,13>Do you all remember Microsoft Encarta, one of the first interactive encyclopedias that was introduced to the world in 1994?  I can thank Encarta for helping me get lots of "A's" on lots of projects.  During that time, I remember I would just search random shit, and one day, guitars came up.  Now, I remember two electric guitars came up- the red Fender Strat, and the Dark Brown 2 toned Gibson Les Paul.  I will never forget I would just sit there, and replay their sound clips.  There was something about that Les Paul, that just electrified me.  I was 10 at the time.  Then, after hearing the gut wrenching riffs that Slash would produce was on a Les Paul, I just knew this was magical.  I did more research, and the list of famous guitarists who used them intrigued me more.My friends call me "White Hendrix" (please mind you they are pretty fucked up when they call me that, but I will admit, I have some quick fingers) when I pick up a guitar and shred, but I personally do not have one.  I have mad respect for the musicians and such.  When I saw there was a Gibson plant in Memphis, I was thrilled!I stayed at the Westin this weekend (don't ask), and it is directly across the street- so I figured, it's time to check this place out!  I went on the Saturday tour at 4pm (the last of the day) and paid $10 for the tour.  It was a nice size group of like 7 people, and the workers were off production (weekends off)- so it was nice to be able to hear everything the guide had to say.First of all, I keep forgetting that Gibson started as a furniture company in 1894 in Kalamazoo, MI.  It then moved to Nashville, and then opened an acoustic plant in Bozeman, MT (where the timber is solid), and then in 2000, they opened the plant in Memphis.  Here is a link to give you an idea of the types of guitars they make in Memphis: www2.gibson.com/ProductsYou must wear protective eyewear (even if you wear glasses) and can not under any circumstances take pictures while on tour.  They have a production staff of about 95, and the whole building has a staff of about 130.  They make about 65 guitars a day here, however each guitar from start to finish is about a 3 week process.The one cool thing about this place is the fact they still have the original press machines from the Kalamazoo plant- I thought that was pretty cool.  Getting to see how a Gibson is made (if you want to see them in action, I suggest coming during the week) is pretty cool- even if you are not a fan.  The whole process is fascinating, and I can now see why each guitar costs so much money.After seeing where the magic happens, you can go back to the gift and see a plethora of Gibson guitars for sale, along with other merch.  I ended up getting some glassware.  I fell in love with the Slash guitar "Vermillion" finish- and they said I could go ahead and plug it up and shred, but I won't lie- I had some serious stage fright.  I mean, I have only played in front of my drunk friends on a mediocre guitar- not on a freaking $3K Les Paul that Slash spec'd in a GIBSON FACTORY- I didn't feel like getting banned for life, I told them I would like to come back and but that son of a biscuit!A must see for any tourist or Memphian- this is cool shit and your love for guitars will certainly increase, if not- you can stone me!  I thought this would be a great way to celebrate my 800th review...
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,1/25/2014,51,22,,2,1>I adopted a dog last month (which is just as amazing as advertised) and after a couple of weeks, I knew it was time to find a good vet home for him (Randy).  As a new resident of the Chikasaw Gardens area, Central Animal Hospital is right down the street.  I scheduled an appointment very easily for the upcoming Saturday.I pulled in the parking lot that Saturday morning to a small hospital, but saw a big new one being built behind, so I knew that was a good sign that this was a good place to be because that obviously meant they get good business.As I went inside and checked in, I made good small talk with the receptionist who was very nice and then took Randy back with the vet technician only after waiting for about 5 minutes.  The technician and the veterinarian were both very nice, helpful and effective and offered great advice to me, new dog owner.  All in all, with a month's dose of heart-worm medication and the checkup complete, I only spent about $130, which made my roommate jealous as he paid over $100 more where he went.Also, I found out my new pup Randy is very healthy!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/24/2014,28,127,,9,3>Chef Mah is fantastic. Personable and entrepreneurial he will advise you on how to get the best out of this burger joint.The food is exceptional. The toppings are fantastic. Try the baked Mac and cheese or the smothered potato wedges.If you want something different, go for the Fat Panda. Korean spiced open faced beef sandwich. It's awesome.You're looking to spend about 5-10 bucks. Come hungry, because that money will seriously fill you up.It is a one man show; Mah runs the whole show on his own. Give yourself some time. Enjoy how fantastic this hole in the wall smells.If you love hole in the wall cuisine, this place will knock your socks off.Remember to bring cash though. For personal reasons, Mah does not except credit cards. Check out the allegory framed on the wall if you want to know more.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,1/23/2014,72,139,3,4,3>Great lunch buffet!  Okay, if you are a fan of Indian Cuisine then you must check this place out.  The buffet at lunch offers a wide variety of options, including vegetarian. And everything I tried was amazing.  I especially loved the chicken 65 and garlic naan.  The location (SE Memphis strip mall) and atmosphere is the only reason it didn't get 5 stars.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,11/30/2014,192,191,3,13,3>Solid Ramen. Some notes:I got the miso soup ramen with pork. It was pretty good ramen. They let you choose which types of noodles you want: thin, thick, etc etc. This was probably the highlight of my meal. It's not authentic japanese ramen like the kind you get in LA/NYC, but it's probably the best ramen in Memphis! The skewers are aites. the meat portions pretty small though. The price listed on the menu is for 1 stick only!!!! The picture on the menu is deceptive! I had the pork belly and the beef. The beef was a little bit tough, the pork belly was good. I got a side pork dish for $3.50. It was good.The ambience is nice. They have indoor and outdoor seating. The one thing I will warn people about is the water cups. I understand the artistic side of having these small water cups, but I'm a big water drinker and I dont like bothering waiters with refilling my water every 5 seconds! But the servers were nice. Albeit, this was the first night so I'm willing to let them work out their kinks. I will definitely be back for more ramen though!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,11/29/2014,43,104,5,4,4>It's really a conundrum to understand what  Memphians appreciate when it comes to taste and flavor. They can't get enough "Tennessee-Mex" while complaining about authentic Latin food. They'll rave about franchise, big box "Asian-inspired" casual settings and look down their noses at bona fide Asia-Pacific cuisine. They make one trip to Cali and they think they've been to the Far East. Noodles Asian Bistro has two locations in the Memphis area. Bartlett and Germantown. Fresh ingredients and a potpourri of Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese, Thai and Japanese. A very delightful blend of Asia's finest. A must-try is the assorted selection of Bubble Tea Smoothies. One sip and you'll downright neglect your daily allowance of kcals.The atmosphere is inviting, clean and the staff is very friendly and attentive. So "y'all" give your taste buds a break from those monotone Mid-South "let's add some pulled pork" menus and give real food a try.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,11/28/2014,36,160,4,6,4>First off starve yourself for the whole day before you step foot in this place. Everything I had here was wonderful! The staff was great met us at the door super friendly. They seated us and the massive feast began. You start off with hummus, baba ganoush, and Mediterranean salad. The hummus I have to say was a little weird looking very smooth but once I tried it I pretty much and the whole bowl. But, don't fill up too much on bread because once they start bring out the food it does not stop. I have been to Texas De Brazil several times and this place puts them to shame when it comes to the meats. We had rib eye, top sirloin, lamb, chicken,filet, kabob, and chicken drum...I am probably forgetting something...there was so much. Everything was cooked perfectly nothing was dry and the flavor was great  I did not regret trying one thing that was brought out.  This place is  cheaper than Texas De Brazil and honestly the meat was just really a lot better. They do have rice and potato dishes will have to try that out next time. If you have any room left after...you will not, but if you want to completely make yourself miserable and suffer a food coma grilled pineapple is served for dessert. Also, just a few quick notes there is no alcohol and from the sound of the waitress it seems like it is not in the works... not sure if they will let you bring some in but may try to ask them next time. If you like spicy ask for their homemade hot sauce!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,11/27/2014,47,35,6,9,5>I'm so happy that this little corner of Cooper/Young is FINALLY is occupied by an excellent restaurant.  I enjoyed Cortona but only because I love lasagna; not much else ever appealed to me.  Something about this location has always been the corner from hell.  Nothing last here.  I don't know why (well I do, the food always sucks) but why the sucky places always occupy this place has to be more than coincidental.Strano! was an excellent surprise.  We made a reservation with family and wanted to try the new restaurant.  I had the Chicken Parmesan and the other 4 at the table had varying, non identical dishes.  Everyone was pleased and the price was reasonable.  While leaving I ran into a group of my friends, their report the next day was that all 7 of them were extremely satisfied with the food as well.My main complaint about this location has always been the acoustics. I don't know if the food heightened my sense of hearing but I swear the acoustics weren't as abysmal as previously. Good italian in Cooper/Young about time.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/26/2014,143,65,10,5,4>Here is the worst burger in town!By worst I mean it can't possibly be any good for my body... Why must it taste so good?!?It doesn't even look like the ingredients are fresh or good quality either. But who cares if the favor combination to the Good Burger rocks!Easy 4 STARS
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,11/25/2014,28,111,3,6,5>Man I hope this place stays around for a while! When you walk in, you're greeted like you're family! They offer lots of suggestions and answer any questions you may have. Super sweet local business. The empanadas and arepas are soooo good! Please give this place a try!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/24/2014,180,199,5,5,7>I've heard rave reviews about DeJaVu for years and I finally got the chance to try it out a few weeks ago.  We visited the newer location on Main St during a recent Sunday Funday.  This place closes at 5pm on Sunday.  We walked in the door at 5pm... Just like a couple of jerks.  I felt a little guilty but I was also hungry.  I wouldn't have been shocked or upset if we were turned away, but that did not happen.  They sat us right away.Our server was very helpful.  Neither of us had eaten at DeJaVu before so we asked for suggestions.  I had been told by a few friends that the wings were good.  So naturally, I ordered wings. There were a couple of flavor choices but I can't remember what they were.  I went with "hot," as usually do.  We decided to order an entree to share and selected the Arkansas Outlaw based upon our servers recommendation.  For the sides, we picked the collard greens and the citrus spinach. Overall, we were pleased with the meal and the service. The entree was very good.  The collard greens and spinach were some of the best I've ever eaten.  The wings weren't as great as I had hoped.  They were small and the sauce was sweet, which is not what I expect when being served hot wings.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,11/23/2014,28,48,5,6,3>This is a new location for Wing Stop. I've been to other locations in town, so I was pleasantly surprised when this one popped up in Midtown. The prices for what you get are downright reasonable.  I had the Cajun and the Mango Habanero wings.  The mango habanero were surprisingly sweet and spicy, most of the time wings that promise both flavors only deliver on one.  The Cajun was more of a dry rub seasoning than a sauce which gave a nice crunch.  Fries were tasty but a little more salty than I would prefer.  Only complaint: 99¢ for ranch dressing. C'mon! Paying for ranch at a spicy wing place? I ordered items separately, so maybe you get it free with a combo...
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/22/2014,75,160,2,8,5>The BF and I have been  loyal customers of Ciao Baby since they first open the doors. We immediately fell in love with the place! We eat at Ciao Baby at least once a week and sometimes twice. I've had the opportunity to visit Italy and I can tell you that this place is the real deal. How is it the real deal you ask? Well for starters, the owner has flour imported from Italy. The flour has no additives or preservatives (sign me up). The tomatoes are San Marzano, which are grown in the volcanic soil of Mount Vesuvius. The tomatoes have a nice sweetness to them...anyone else getting hungry? They top your pizza off with fresh (made daily) mozzarella and fresh local herbs. Then the pizza professional slips that piece of pizza heaven in the wood fired oven and out comes the best tasting pizza you've ever put in your mouth!When you visit Ciao Baby the owner Adrian will tell you all of the above. You will also begin to understand just how special the pizza is. Additionally, you will immediately see he has a passion for his pizza and his customers.Let me help a brother or a sister out with my menu favorites: I LOVE the Ciao Baby house salad. Delicious is selling this yummy salad short.I'm in LOVE with the Pizza Margarita, at 500 calories per pizza it makes my heart sing (and yes that's 500 for the entire pizza).If I'm looking to indulge I always go with the Prosciutto Pizza and it.is.worth.it!I've tried the Buffalo and Loco Taco Pizza and like them both.My new favorite pizza is the Fresh Salad Pizza. It sounds odd but is totally amazing. I get the Ciao Baby salad and it is awesome.The Chicken Parmigiana sandwich will blow your socks off. It is a breaded chicken cutlet with the secret recipe Ciao Baby tomato sauce topped with yummy fresh mozzarella. They put the sandwich in the wood fired oven and create magic for your mouth. Actually I think I need one of those in my life now!I'm not usually a lover of Cannoli but the hand rolled Cannoli at CB is pure awesomeness. More reasons why I LOVE this place1. The owner, total class act!2. Family owned business3. Friendly fast service4. Fresh Ingredients-cheese and dough are made fresh daily5. Gluten Free pizza and pasta6. Fantastic Salads7. Clean8. The place is like Cheers, everybody knows your nameThis is my favorite place to eat in Collierville and I hope it will become yours as well.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,11/21/2014,123,66,4,4,3>i finally got to try the new  location since every time i go its always packed and no seating is available. Nestled right off the Exit 18 on 64, its a small location in a strip compared to their original location for over a decade already. From what i saw they can seat around 40-50 ppl i believe. Feels very cozy when theres not alot of ppl and can be claustrophobic when its packed.I had the homemade chicken noodle soup today and it was good. fresh thick noodles with pulled chicken meat garnished with hints of thinly sliced ginger, friend garlic and onions and celery. This is the ultimate noodle dish like Pho for vietnamese restaurants in my opinion and is very popular btwn Laos and Thai folks.I plan to try their curry with crab and shrimp next time which i've had at their old location and miss it dearly.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,9/18/2013,38,96,,4,2>All the talk about Speedy's Donut and Deli got me interested. I never would have stopped in this store if it wasn't for Yelp. I am so glad I tried it.I wanted to try everything but I knew I had to start somewhere The Bibimbap was a great place to start. It is delicious. Though it is lacking the hot stone bowl it is sizzling in at Kwik Check it is every bit as good. I also ordered a small Shrimp fried rice and a Seafood noodle soup. I only sampled the rice and soup as they will provide lunch and dinner tomorrow. The rice is perfectly cooked with plump fresh shrimp and not the least bit oily. The soup was placed in a plastic quart container with the noodles in a separate clam shell box for you to add when ready. A quick taste of the broth was savory and slightly spicy. Digging a little deeper I found oysters, mussels and baby octopus (?) to be the seafood component of this dish.The husband and wife team that own the store are very friendly and make you feel so welcome. I was awarded a free donut and a couple of donut holes for being a new customer. They were very good as well.I can't wait to finish my delicious food and go back for more.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,9/17/2013,4,9,,1,1>My husband took me to Flight for my birthday and I have to say it was one of the more memorable meals I've had in Memphis. The service was extremely attentive, but not overbearing. The wine flights were fun and a great way to try several different wines. The food was outstanding. We had the carpaccio flight for an appetizer and it was enough for two people to have a bite of each selection, the perfect appetizer size in my opinion. For dinner, we opted to share two flights: a create-your-own flight of halibut, quail, and duck and the steak flight that included filet, elk and bison. Every last morsel was fantastic but the quail, elk, and bison were standouts. All in all, our experience was fabulous and we will definitely go back to Flight for a special occasions.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,9/16/2013,54,249,1,5,3>Red Velvet Cake donuts headline a delicious array of tasty treats. Quality apple fritters, eclairs, cream-stuffed donuts, and some other unusual varieties like Key Lime Pie Cake are all present in copious quantities. The prices are already ridiculously cheap, but the late-night discounts make them almost a literal steal.  I can easily see myself stopping by at midnight multiple nights of the week to get work done and triple my diabetes risk. Don't just take my word for how good these donuts are. One gentleman in line today revealed that he drove all the way from DeSoto County for the donuts. I don't blame him--they're that good. And there's an almost constant flow of customers throughout the day from all walks of life including, of course, the local 5-0.  If anything could be improved, I'd like a bit more of the coffee side of things to complement the $1 cup o'joe they currently offer. Adding a decent bit of espresso or some quality local roasted beans would be a nice touch in the future.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,9/15/2013,153,109,7,8,6>I was lucky enough to try this the first time with 7 other newbies. Going in I checked out the reviews and took them into account. (They had my favorite beer, seadog blueberry, which won me over from the beginning) Starting out my whole group was skeptical of the menu. Once the drinks starting flowing we agreed to try some the wilder choices such as; sweetbread (pig brain), duck sausage, buffalo tails, and poutine (fries with pork). I was blown away by all of these appetizers. Who knew pig body parts could taste so delicious? For entrees we had the Red eye (by far the best, ignore the name), the shroom, the four cheese one, and the one with boudin on it. All these were amazing, but the red eye... Holy moly... I can't even begin to explain how excellent this pizza is.. Egg on pizza?? Whaa?? Try it, you'll thank me later!I was a little disappointed they were no longer serving the Nutella gelato (Yes I know I have an ice cream addiction). All in all this place was absolutely wonderful and I can't wait to return!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/14/2013,961,900,13,15,12>As I FINALLY write my 100th review for the year (I have been slacking due to moving and foraging for bandwidth, along with the occasional writers block) and close out one Yelp100 challenge (for ATL), and begin a new one (in MEM), I thought it would be appropriate to write about one thing I love- animals (even though I tell everyone I kick my dogs, but I would NEVER do that to them- s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com).  And what more appropriate way that to write a review about one of my new favorite places- the zoo.  I even have a panda plate on my car (I cannot believe I just admitted that)!There is always 2 sides about a zoo- some people think they are cruel, others believe it helps us learn about endangered species, and what we could do in the future to hope these animals can flourish.  OK, enough with the preface!The Memphis Zoo is located on the border of Overton Park (one of the big parks in the city), and I think there are two entrances for parking.  I actually bought a membership with 2 guest privileges, and it is nice, as that includes parking (or else it would cost $5).  When walking up to the entrance, you are graced with Egyptian themed monuments (which is cool, as Memphis is named after the famed city in Egypt).  One thing I would also like to add that the zoo has an iPhone app, which includes a map with GPS, and all sorts of exhibit info.  It is a must download tool if you would like the full experience.  The main plaza has a bunch of fountains, which the kids can play in- mind you, there is no lifeguard on duty!  Also, there is a gift shop, a playground, and an eatery with 4 different types of food options.The actual zoo is so vast, I don't think I saw everything.  But some of the things I did see were the large cat exhibit- unlike any live collection I have seen before.  The next area looked like a childrens play area that you pay for rides and stuff.  There is also Stingray Bay, a temporary exhibit that lets you pet small sharks and stingrays.  It is cool if you have never done something like that before.  Females- be careful of what shirt you wear that day if you decide to go in here- saw a lot of people popping out of their shirts in here!  Maybe thats why its in a tent and they charge money for entry (I am only kidding!)...Then they have penguins and exotic birds.  Then they have a reptile house, which is a nice size.  Then the hippos, then the pandas.  After that, there is a cool exhibit called Teton Trek- an ode to the Pacific Northwest.  They have polar bears, eagles, awesome stonework, grizzlies, and wolves.  The theming is great out here and is a great addition.Now here is the crazy thing- as I keep listing all of this stuff, this is only a fraction of what they have to offer. They are still building 2 new areas that look awesome.  I mean this place is ridiculous in size, and they utilize their space well. The only downside is that it is closed approximately 40 days a year due for whatever.  Other than that, this place is a not to be missed and it is great for all ages!  I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,9/13/2013,127,77,,6,1>My go-to spot for fast food Chinese... I just get these sweet and sour chicken cravings every now and then!   The place is clean, and kitchen is open to see and not hidden away.  Not too many Chinese food places in the Collierville area. Located right next to the KwikShop gas station by Fresh Market.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,9/12/2013,83,237,,1,1>I've been with State Farm since 2004.Steve and his team are always super nice. I like that they stay in contact and always encourage a review of your policies to ensure you're receiving the best coverage. The new office is EVERYTHING, and within walking distance of home. Love it!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,9/11/2013,42,32,4,4,4>ORGASMIC!As I sit here and write this review, thinking about Cheesecake Corner, I can't help but lean my head back, close my eyes, and smile. It's not that good...it's BETTER! It's the best cheesecake I have ever had in my life. Well worth my $8. I can't think of the words to describe it. It is soooo good. That's all you need to know.Now, I have heard and read about how not-so-nice the owner is. But he is always nice to us when we come in, and has answered any questions I may have had about his creations kindly.  I have never seen him be blatantly rude. He is a man of not many words, so no he is not the happy go lucky "Hey how ya doing folks" kinda guy. I have not tried the quiche yet. And the place itself does always have some random items sitting around,  I have never dinned in, we would sit at the bistro tables outside. My one complaint... the hours. They are Wed-Sun but don't open until 3pm. One day I trekked downtown for lunch for the soul purpose of some cheesecake only to find locked doors. I was almost in tears.  But anywho, it's damn good cheesecake. All of the multiple flavors are, you cant loose.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/9/2013,111,135,,3,3>Best milkshakes in Memphis! No contest!First off, I'm not one for touristy joints.  When I travel, I hate going to the places everyone else goes to.  I've lived in Memphis for 14 years now, and about a year and a half ago went to Sun Studio for the first time.  This place is so much fun!!  Sun does tours during the day, sharing their rich history, but this is also actually still an active recording studio at night.  Pretty neat!Not only is this place drenched in fabulous Memphis history, but the staff are some of the most incredibly knowledgeable staff I have encountered in a long time.  They know their stuff!  I think it goes hand in hand with being passionate about your job.  The people here love what they do and love getting to share it with you.  Plus, at the end of the tour, you get to pose with an old time microphone in THE studio where magic was made!While you wait for the next tour, be sure to get a milkshake....as I said before, Sun Studio takes the cake for the best milkshakes in Memphis.  There really is no contest here.I know that Graceland is the 'go to' place for most people that come to Memphis, but if you want history and people passionate about it, don't pass up Sun Studio.  And if you are like me, if you do nothing else touristy during your stay here, at least swing by Sun.  It would be a huge disservice to miss it!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,9/8/2013,65,178,4,9,5>My favorite thing to say to people when they ask if my dog has papers is "Yes, she has adoption papers that say I saved her life."  (I adopted her from an animal shelter before I ever heard of Sunny Meadows.). Unless you want a special kind of hunting dog, or a show dog with a particular bloodline, I can't understand why anyone would buy from a breeder rather than save a life. To each his own I guess....I've passed by this large, two story house on Getwell Road for years, never really giving it a second thought. One of my best friends adopted her cocker spaniel from them a few years ago, and she just raved about the place. After that, I just figured it was a place to adopt yappy dogs. That was until my daughter got a job at Sunny Meadows. She, like her Mamma, is a serious animal lover. She gave me the grand tour of the place and I was amazed at all of the friendly, adorable pets looking for homes. They have everything from tiny puppies still nursing off of mamma dog, to older, more well trained dogs. They have all sizes and breeds, some of which even appear to be purebreds.  I think they have kittens and cats upstairs as well. The adoption fee for dogs is $200, and that includes shots, spay or neuter, and a microchip. If you've paid for all of this at a vet's office, then you know that's a real bargain!  It's my understanding that they won't adopt to just anyone. They require you fill out an application and give vet references, which is completely understandable and tells me this place is reputable. Their adoption open house is on Saturdays from 1:00 - 4:00. If you can't make it, they also have a website.  They're also in need of volunteers and foster parents. If you're looking to add a sweet, furry, four-legged family member, I would definitely recommend checking out Sunny Meadows first!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,12/31/2013,87,274,3,4,2>If you haven't been to Huey's, you've probably not been to Memphis.  Huey's is known for their burgers.  They also have a full bar.  I didn't partake this particular visit.  People blow toothpicks from their straws getting them stuck on the ceiling.  People also write on the walls.  It's all part of the charm.  I had a side of fries.  Personally, steak fries are my least favorite type of fry.  Who wants a fry where you can taste the potato?  I'm not sure if I'm being sarcastic or not.I had the Bluez 57 burger.  It has, of course, my favorite cheese: blue!  It is also topped with fried onion straws and Heinz 57 sauce.  I decided to mix it up and have it as a black bean burger. I love a good black bean burger, and this one did not disappoint.  I also at the recommendation of Paul Ryburn add bacon.  It was a great sandwich, a perfect combination.  Of course, I'll go back.  It's a Memphis tradition.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,12/30/2013,62,6,,8,3>Soooo nowadays everyone has heard of Crossfit, it's sort of the new big thing in fitness... I've been wanting to give it a try for over a year now, I've heard great things about it, not only that it's something that works, but it's something that anyone can do.  A few months ago I was looking on Groupon for a good deal and I ran across one for Faction Strength and Conditioning.  The Groupon was for 6 weeks of Crossfit., 4 weeks of Fundamentals into classes (3 days a week) and 2 weeks of unlimited regular classes... I jumped on the deal immediately! Because the one thing that has been keeping me from doing Crossfit is how expensive it is.  So i figured I would take advantage of this awesome deal! I convinced my roommate to get it with me so we could go to the classes together.  We were undeniably nervous the first day, we didn't really know what to expect.  There was a large group of people 40 - 45 people, ranging in age, sex and body type.  We were greeted by a group of coaches who led us outside to begin the night with a warm up.  I was impressed from the beginning, with a group so large i was questioning how effective the class would be, but without a doubt the coaches made us into a team.  Every night we were introduced to a number of new movements/exercises that would then be combined to create the WOD aka work out of the day.  The set up of the gym, looking like a warehouse with tons of workout equipment thrown inside, it's a big daunting at first glance, but throughout every night the coaches showed us how to use the equipment step by step.  The coaches understand that there is a wide range of skill level with the people that come through the gym, knowing this the coaches always offer a "scaled version" of the workout, which basically constitutes a way to gain strength in a similar movement to in hopes be able to do the "Rx(prescribed)" version of the exercise in time.I have been going to Faction for 6 weeks now and I love it more and more every week, I  am not strongest or fastest person in the gym and often times I am doing the scaled version of any given exercise, but in the last 6 weeks I can already tell a change in my body.  I feel stronger, both physically and mentally and I feel a sense of personal competitiveness, I want to keep working hard and pushing myself to get better. Since my Groupon ended I have joined the Faction gym with a 12-month commitment. Okay so enough about me, to all of you future Crossfitters hesitating to give it a try, don't! Come see the amazing family that Faction has created!  Trust me, you won't regret it!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,12/29/2013,76,63,1,6,3>Great Pho and Curry....I have eaten here several times and each time the food has been very fresh. It is a family owned restaurant and the food is very authentic. All is made from scratch...Noodle Star has an awesome menu with many items in which to choose. If you expecting white linen and china you will be shocked. It is very simple with a mix match of old tables, booths, and chairs. The food makes up for the ambiance ... Try it and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,12/28/2013,0,8,,2,1>Best burger ever! Be prepared though, it is greasy. They toast the bun on the griddle next to the burgers, it only makes it better though. The atmosphere is also as authentic as you can get. Just locals, no tourist.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,12/27/2013,121,288,,6,2>Apparently, the Memphis Cotton Exchange trading floor used to be a pretty wild place.  The floor was members only (and those members were a very manly crowd). When trading would wind down for the day, the members played a lot of dominoes, smoked cigars and have a fairly raucous time.Now, the old exchange floor is home to the Cotton Museum of Memphis. Cotton trading has moved into office buildings around downtown and the exchange floor is much less rowdy.You enter the museum through the gift shop on the corner of Front and Union downtown.  If Carol is working at the desk, be sure to chat with her - she's a cotton goddess. She knows just about everything there is to know about the history of cotton in Memphis, cotton production and the different uses for the plant.For such a small museum, the Cotton Museum packs an informational wallop. There's a lot of multimedia. My favorite were the phone booths where you could watch short oral histories from people who have been involved in the cotton business. The museum is still looking for people to be a part of the project, so if you know someone who'd like to, please let them know.The most recent addition to the museum is a short guided walking tour. Pick up an iPod at the desk and walk along Union and Front learning about the daily lives of the people who built Memphis into a major center of commerce.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,12/26/2013,0,4,,3,3>Amazing museum with an amazing staff. The history in the house is so thick that you can feel it as you walk through the halls. The staff is so friendly and knowledgable. There are many great experiences to be had and stories to be told in this historic house.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,12/25/2013,16,103,,3,1>First, let me say that this is a review strictly on the hamburgers as I have not had the BBQ yet.  I am typically very critical of hamburgers; but this one falls into the very good category.  I have found that there are many, many types of burgers available to the consumer, and I tend to gravitate towards the 'greasier' ones.  I prefer the 'hot mess' burgers that are NOT made with 93/7 beef or higher.  They just taste better. Tops hits the nail right on the head with a great combination of flavors that contribute to the overall taste and quality of their burger.My in-laws are in town, and all of us unanimously wanted a burger.  Being that my wife and I had some recent and unfortunate service at Huey's, we decided to go ahead and try a new place.  One of my co-managers mentioned it, and I have heard multiple other sources mention Tops as the 'best burger in town'. Being that I have not found my 'go-to' burger place yet, I decided to give it a shot.Food: We all ordered burgers, and changed up the sides a bit in each order.  I think all of us got the double cheeseburger -- some with no onions, some with extra pickles.  The burger was awesome.  A solid 4 / 5 burger.  It was on the greasy side, but the meat was seasoned perfectly...and, probably from someone making minimum wage at that.  Surprising to say the least...  As I have mentioned in other reviews, a burger is should not have one superstar item, it is a combination of many different flavors, and how those flavors work together in order to create the 'perfect bite'.  between the cheese, the veggies, and the well-seasoned meat...this burger is pretty close to a 5.  The only thing I would want improved, would be the bun.  If they could jump that bun up a notch, it would be a 5.  I like a soft bun on the top, and a toasted (crispy) buttery interior.The sides ranged from 'OK" to Good.  I liked the potato salad (3 / 5) cole slaw (3 / 5) Beans (3 / 5) and the French fries were damn perfect (5 / 5).  Exterior was crispy, interior hot and steamy, while also being seasoned perfectly.  I couldn't ask for a better fry.  In fact, those fries were the perfect fries to make 'loaded' as well -- if that were an option.  Food: 4 / 5 (burger weighted more heavily)     Service: Sigh...Unfortunately, there was no shining star moment in the service, but honestly, I got the level of service I would expect from an establishment such as this.  No one was rude (yay!), but no one was happy or interested in being there either.  Despite that, I can't really blame them.  They are not working on tips, this is not a 'sit down' restaurant, and it is really a 'fast-food-type' place.  So, going into this, I assumed this is about the level of service I would get...and I did.Service: 3 / 5  Atmosphere: It was a little grungier than I would have liked.  All of the people cooking and serving our food were using proper food handling techniques, so I wasn't particularly in fear for my food; but it just seemed like it might need a fresh coat of paint, a deep cleaning in some areas, and just some sprucing-up.  It felt very retro-diner-y, but not necessarily in a good way.Atmosphere: 2 / 5Price: For the price I paid, I think I got a great value.  In my opinion, I had a delicious burger, amazing fries, and decent potato salad for about 8 bucks.  That, in my opinion, is damn good.  Oh yea, and add a medium drink to that as well.  Now that I think of it, that is an even bigger win.  I could get something of equivalent price range at a legitimate fast food restaurant (McDonald's, BK, Wendy's, etc.) for the same price...but NOT NEARLY THE SAME QUALITY.   Price 4.5 / 5 rounded-up to 5 / 5 (I reserve the right to round up or down...this deserves and 'up')Final Thoughts:  Thus far in the Memphis market, I cannot think of another place I would go for a burger.  I personally believe that Tops genuinely melds a lot of great flavors together in order to create an absolutely delicious burger.  Add to that the perfect French fry, and that is a real 'win' for the consumer.  I will be back to Tops, and as of now, I definitively have a burger place to call my own when the craving comes.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,12/24/2013,70,34,,3,1>Central BBQ is my go-to for barbeque in Memphis. There are others that I frequent for specific items or based on my location at the time, but Central has to be my favorite overall. I usually go to the Central Avenue location. I love the patio, which is now covered, and I always run into someone I know there. There is usually a line out the door and a sometimes awkward moment as you approach the door but can't get in or have to go in and shut behind you...I recommend the bbq nachos (with or without jalapenos) and ask for them served on Central's homemade chips. Although the traditional chips are great too. Also, the sweet tea is great (super sweet)!Also, Central has locations downtown and on Summer as well as a food truck! So you can enjoy just about anywhere, anytime!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,12/23/2013,71,263,,4,2>I love this place!  If you plan to go for lunch, get there early...it gets busy.  The food is fresh and about as authentic as you're gonna get in Memphis and the owner will tell you so. He's the older gentlemen who is extremely proud and passionate about his food and it shows...a wall full of glowing reviews and many loyal customers! I'd recommend just about anything on the menu but my favorite is the red snapper sandwich, just outstanding.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,12/22/2013,1,28,,2,1>Having traveled around the world in search of quality brews I can honestly say that this place still holds rank in my top 5. The stouts are by far the best on the planet, I could go into nerdy detail as to why but I'll just ask you to trust me. So far as other varieties, all are great except their hefe - and I love hefes as well - just not theirs. Um, a huge huge thank you to Boscos for having only a couple of tvs recessed in/at the bar. I hate TVs in bars with a passion and I'm glad to see Boscos holding strong! It's not a sports bar, it's a brewery and restaurant for goodness sake.  There are two nearby restaurants who just don't get it!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,8/27/2013,27,29,3,9,3>I have checked out almost every Boarding kennel in the Memphis area and this place is the best. We have boarded our dogs there several times and never had a problem. It is always clean, staff is friendly , great hours. No problems whatsoever.No hidden fees, although it is a tad pricey. I have 4 dogs and i cant afford to board them all there.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,8/26/2013,31,74,2,3,2>Oh, I just love this place. We make pretty much weekly visits there. Brittany is the manager of this store and she is awesome. All the people that work here, and all of the stores, are great. They must do SO much training and education because they know their stuff. They can answer pretty much any question you have. I love that they can bring their dogs to work, because I like to visit with their dogs. Of course, you can also bring your leashed dog into the store (use your common sense about whether your dog is suitable for going inside a store with other people and dogs). You can buy dog food, dog chew stuff like pig ears, rawhide, etc., dog toys, dog apparel, leashes, collars...and plenty of cat stuff too. They only have dog and cat stuff, I think. They are SO involved in the animal rescue community. Every store has mobile adoptions on the weekends, and they recently started a new program where you can add a certain donation to a rescue group or shelter to your credit card purchase.If you are used to feeding your dog Ol' Roy or something, you will experience sticker shock. But they will probably tell you that feeding your dog that crap is the equivalent of you eating only Easy Mac or Lucky Charms always forever. The nutrition is nil and you would feel and look terrible. If you love your dog (or cat) and want them to be healthy and live a long time, take their nutrition seriously. The staff can help you pick out the right food at the right price; they have a variety of price points.My hound dog started showing joint stiffness at just 8 months old, so I started giving her fish oil (available at HF) on top of her food. It made a huge difference almost immediately. Then I decided to just skip that step and buy her the food made out of fish, Orijen fish formula or something like that. All my dogs have gorgeous, shiny coats, and no sign of joint issues. I have taken multiple foster dogs here to help socialize them, and the staff knows exactly how to handle it and how to help me show the dog that strangers are awesome and so fun. Anyway, awesome place with great ownership and management.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,8/25/2013,21,35,,2,2>My 2 coworkers and I dined at Fuel Cafe today. My club sandwich was very good and lite but the turkey could have used some seasoning as it was a little dry. The fries were delicious and crispy. The portion sizes were perfect for lunch. The service was a bit slow, but very nice. I am eager to return to try different menu items and drink coffee out of their very cool vintage coffee mugs.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,8/24/2013,897,149,2,7,5>We dropped in for Happy Hour to have some wine and Tapas.  Started with a dip sampler which was good - you could almost make a meal of it along with the 3 different salsas.  A small portion of heat boosting Habanero salsa is provided on request to help you remember what you had the next day.We moved on to have Spinach Stuffed Mushrooms - these could have been great but were lukewarm upon arrival.The Happy Hour Vino is Dona Paula and is decent.Restroom was clean an well stocked.If you go for Happy Hour just seat yourself in the bar area.  By the way, with 2 glasses of wine each (4 total) and 2 appetizers our tab was under $22 - sweet.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/23/2013,192,191,3,6,3>I was VERY surprised to find out that Memphis had bubble tea. Then I was even more surprised when I found out that this place sold semi-authentic chinese food! I can't comment on the food, yet, but I can on the bubble tea.I always go with the regular milk tea (liquid) with tapiocas. It's not bad. I've lived in California and NYC and Boston, so its not the most impressive or fresh boba pearls that I've tried, but for the sake of Memphis, this place is probably the best in the area. They're pretty quick if you're the first one ordering. But if you come and there's been a few teenagers that ordered before you, then you'll have to wait a lil bit. The milk tea is good and sweet. It varies; sometimes its very sweet and sometimes its just right. They always put in enough pearls even if it doesn't look like it!I have yet to try their real food, but I definitely will do so soon. But for the area, This is the place to get your bubble tea fix and therefore am giving it a higher rating because of that. 3.5 / 5
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,8/22/2013,27,54,,1,1>Great for breakfast for meat eaters, vegetarians, people who like sweet stuff, savory stuff and everything in between! They get very busy, are small and only accept cash, but it's worth the wait. Any kind of pancake you could want, and very reasonable prices. The only think I've had there I didn't like were the biscuits, very dry and tasteless. Banana Pancakes are my favorite! :)
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,8/21/2013,87,274,2,3,3>One hidden gem in Memphis is Alex's Tavern.  It's open till 3am, so it's a good late night stop.  Garrett had never been, so we decided to stop by.They are known for their burgers and they do not disappoint.  They can be loaded with toppings.I love tomatoes and this one was huge on my burger.  It also came with a side of fries.It has a nice beer selection (it only has beer).  It reminds me of a diner.  It's a local dive bar.  They have a juke box, too.  If you haven't tried the burger, then you are missing out.  I hear they have good ribs, so I am missing out.  I hope to change this soon!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/20/2013,65,212,3,4,3>ERHMAHGERHD!!!  African Peanut Soup, put it in my face RIGHT NOW!!!  This tasty treat is among THE most delicious things I've tasted in Memphis or elsewhere, and doesn't fall prey to the oversalted bug that keeps me from enjoying most restaurant-prepared soups.  This lady surely knows what she's doing.  I do feel like I could make most of this food -- but that's part of the charm.  You could make it, but you're feeling lazy, so you buy it and put it into your own dishes and pass it off as something you made.You understand, I'm sure.  If you don't, you're either lying, or you're a better person than I am.  I digress.  Peanut soup, spanakopita -- go get them and thank me later.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,8/19/2013,106,53,2,8,4>One of the big challenges in moving to a new town (especially when you moved form a place you spent your entire life and has a population 5X the size of Memphis) is trying to find substitutes for all of you old standbys gleaned from years maybe decades of recommendations from friends and family.  Finding the GOOD Shoe repair shop, Tailor, place to get your knives sharpened and most importantly DRY CLEANER...is of paramount importance when you are trying to make a new town your own.  After all it is these little details that make you feel part of the fabric of a city.  So on my quest to find someone who wouldn't destroy my nice clothes and who did a nice job keeping my lab coats pearly white...enter Berryman Cleaners.   I went there based on a yelp review...and I must say I was not disappointed.  The owner is friendly, personable and after my second visit called me by name and had my order waiting for me.  The clothes turned out great...I am used to a firmer finish on my coats but they still did a pretty good job.  This is a no frills outfit...but the people working there are friendly and they seem to take pride in their work.  So I definitely recommend them.  Good solid dry cleaning services and you get a discount if you prepay!  Check them out!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,8/18/2013,114,317,3,4,1>I would never have seen nor heard of Cocoa Van if I wasn't visiting another establishment, Churchill Studios, that is in the same complex. My daughter was with me, and, as it was next door, she begged to go inside "just to look". (Right, like I'm getting out of there without buying a cupcake?)A "100" on their health inspection score tops my list of compliments. It's one of the first things I look at in any restaurant. I loved the decor. Very clean lines...whoever did the decorating in the store gets an A in my book. The cupcakes were beautiful and, in my opinion, had just the right amount of frosting. My daughter chose some kind of chocolate/caramel/pecan concoction (typical) and I got the white cupcake with strawberry frosting. Both were very moist and delicious. It's a shame that they either have no signage on G'town Pkwy or, if they do, I didn't notice it. If you're in the area, though, and get a sudden urge for a cupcake fix; it's in the shopping center on Trinity where the McAlister's is.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,2/10/2012,70,34,,3,1>I uaed to eat the marsala everytime I went to Ciao Bella, but ive recently started branching out. And boy, am I glad i did - evem though I still enjoy the marsala. If you want traditional italian fare, the lasagna is incredible and there are some tasty pizzas. Also, the chicken carbanara is great. If you are looking for variety, the veggie burger rocks! You also can't go wrong with the mussels, chargrilled oysters, seared tuna and spanikopita. If you get lucky, they will have marscapone gelato on special...yum!!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,2/9/2012,9,18,3,5,2>Like their other stores throughout the Memphis area this store is no different. Excellent food, friendly staff and superb service. Tony is the owner here, my understanding is that all of the stores are owned by one family. I have tried most everything on the menu. The pizza is great as are all of the other items. I love the Lasagna and baked Ravioli. When I am in the mood for a sandwich, my favorite is the Italian Sub. You have to try the Greek Salad, it's loaded with feta cheese and Greek olives. There food is always fresh and hot. They have a deli style display case where you can have everything from Pizza and Stuffed Pizza (mm mm yummy) to fried Ravioli and Pepperoni sticks. The cooler next to the order line is loaded with a nice selection of beer including some tasty Italian beer.I am rating Milano's of Millington 5 stars. Not only is the food and service outstanding, they have ample parking, outdoor seating and easy access to the store!!!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,2/8/2012,8,15,,2,2>This was my first trip into Banky's.  I didn't have time to examine the surroundings, but I was in and out quickly, the guys behind the counter didn't seem rude to me..I ordered a dozen assorted.. with tax $9-something I asked them what time did they usually go to bed??  One of them replied, "2pm". I would imagine they go into work 11-12 at night to start all those donuts, and it looks like its just two of them.  I told them have a nice day and I was out the door.  When arriving at my office I tried the blueberry cake donut.  Awesome texture... tender and yummy.  I will return here to sample a few more and give a more completed review.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,2/7/2012,62,119,,4,2>I didn't really eat too many items here @ Pearl's, but with what I did get, most of the items were awesome!The oysters:  I may have to say that they have some of the best oyster's I've ever had.  They were relatively cheap too; 10.99 for a dozen or something, around that range.  I HIGHLY recommend coming here for the oysters.Crabcake:  We got their mini-crabcakes, which were on the appetizer menu, so this may have differed from their normal crabcakes, who knows.  It was okay, nothing special, they were made from crab claws.  Crawfish Dip:  Absolutely awesome!  This dish was just awesome.  Not much else to say other than just get it.  Easily one of the best dishes I've tried in Memphis so far. I forget what else we got, at most it was 2 other items, but nothing memorable.  Forgive me, I have horrible memory; we went well over 2 weeks ago.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2011,2/6/2012,180,199,5,6,4>Yay for RIzzo's Diner!I describe the menu at Rizzo's Diner as upscale comfort food with a Cajun influence.  Don't misread my use of the word, "upscale."  The dishes are upscale but the prices are not, and the atmosphere is completely unpretentious.  To start, I ordered the soup of the day.  I don't remember the name of the soup but was was andouille sausage and chicken with white beans.  I had a hard time choosing between this soup and the cheese burger soup but I was very happy with my selection once I gave it a taste. For my entree I ordered the brisket, which is served in its own juices with a side of mac and cheese.  In a word... it was awesome... no wait, it was incredible.... okay, its was incredibly awesome!   The meat was so flavorful, and so tender that I didn't need a knife.  The mac and cheese was the perfect example of how mac and cheese should be... no 'fancy' stuff added, just pasta and cheese.  And the cheese was rich and creamy.  No joke, if I had been eating this entree at home I would have been licking my plate clean.  Unfortunately, I wasn't at home so I had to refrain. I was lucky enough to be sharing a meal with good friends during this visit, meaning that I was able to taste just about everything on the menu via other people's plates. :)  Everything I tasted was great.  Take one look at my yelp reviews and you will see that I rarely give a 5 star rating.  My 5 stars are reserved for the, "OMG... I can't wait to go back" experiences.  Rizzo's Diner is well deserving of an enthusiastic 5 star rating from me.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/5/2012,121,288,1,9,4>As a shamless noodle lover (in college, giving up noodles for Lent meant saying goodbye to nine half-opened boxes of various pastas), I'm thrilled that Memphis now has a proper Asian noodle shop.Crazy Noodle, which opened this week, is located in the old Umai Space on Madison. It's owned by Ji Choi (the sister of the woman who runs the Kwik Check next door) and features an expanded, Korean-inspired menu that goes beyond the Kwik Check's bi-bim-bap.My dinner date and I decided to order entirely too much food and split everything. We started with a side of fish-jean ($4), a plate of five crispy-fried fish patties circled around a small bowl of mild chili sauce. Though it's listed as a side item, it's perfectly suited to be an appetizer.For dinner, we ordered curry noodles, Jap-Chae and a bowl of noodle soup that I think was called Ja-Jang noodles (sometimes, I get so excited about eating that I forget to write things down).The curry noodles ($8.99) are thin, Ramen-style noodles that are served cold, plated next to, but not quite under, a spicy brown curry. The idea is that the curry sauce will warm the noodles up. The curry has diced potatoes, bell peppers, onions and chicken.I really liked the Jap-Chae noodles. They reminded me a little bit of Pad Thai in consistency. The soy-based sauce clings to the rice noodles, which are topped with mushrooms, peppers, onions, sweet potatoes and sesame seeds. The Jap-Chae noodles aren't super spicy, but they've got a lot of flavor.Curry noodle from Crazy Noodle, Memphis, Tenn.The best part of the meal was by far the Ja-Jang (I think) noodles ($9). I really wish I had taken better notes. The name's not important. What you need to know about this dish (which is pictured at the top of the post) is that it's a hot pot of happiness.The bowl comes with thin white noodles, diced bell peppers, tender mushrooms, potatoes, onions and ground beef in a spicy, red broth. The spice isn't outright - I ate a few bites before I realized that the soup has a lingering slow burn aftertaste that's not at all unpleasant.Crazy Noodle's atmosphere is pretty casual. The kitchen is exposed, sushi-bar style, and you can watch the cooks work if you sit in the front room. The main dining room has a wall of colorful graffiti and the bathroom is wallpapered with pages from Asian newspapers.Crazy Noodle is open 11 a.m. - 9 p.m. Tuesday - Saturday and from 12 p.m. until 9 p.m. on Sunday. They take credit cards, and most of the menu items are less than $10.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,2/4/2012,58,57,1,3,4>We switched to McGehee for our cats after a bad experience at Eastgate Animal, and after our first visit I knew we made the right choice. Our calico Trish is a furry little terrorist and they were so patient with her. She got a thorough exam, shots and grooming (under sedation). When I came to pick her up, her doctor met with me and gave me a "report card" on how her checkup had gone. The doctor and the techs were all so nice and understood how important my cats are to me, which means a lot. They're definitely all animal lovers. When we took our kitten Penny to be spayed they called regularly throughout the day to update us on her status and assure us that she was in good hands. When we picked her up she had two new toys in her carrier - she had grown attached to them during her stay, so they let her keep them! A few days after her surgery I was concerned about Penny's stitches, and even though they were about to close they let me rush her over and have her incision looked at. She was fine but they gave me a cone (at no charge) which I'm sure was more for my reassurance than for Penny's stitches.I know when I take my cats there that they're in good hands, which is comforting. Also the facilities are very clean, and there's a talking bird who lives in the waiting room and makes visits there interesting (unfortunately to my cats' terror). The location is great and there is plenty of parking. Being next door to Gibson's is also a bonus ;)
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,2/3/2012,29,99,5,9,3>My new go-to Chinese restaurant. Here's why:1) The moo shu vegetable entree ALONE is delicious. I'm a total omnivore, but I could eat piles and piles of this entree over and over. The vegetables are fresh and crisp and coated in a finger-licking-slap-your-mama sauce. A perfect light dish.2) The fish and cilantro soup is a must try. Rich, creamy, succulent broth with lots of tasty fish bits. I normally hate fish or seafood soup, but their rendition leaves me craving for more.3) Pan noodle. Get it. Crawl into pajamas and onto the couch. Turn on Netflix. Eat it. Forget the stresses of the day. Use sparingly to avoid obesity, heart disease, and shame.Order from the authentic menu! One point knocked down for slow service.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,2/2/2012,98,357,,2,2>Sweet clothes. Not cheap but quality never is. Bought a tux here years ago (won't say how many) and didn't realize how fat I have gotten till hours before a black tie wedding. In a short time, they had pressed, steamed out, and altered at no cost. Quality clothes and service. They have a great semiannual sale if you want to save some dollars. Ask for Chris for good style advice and help spending your money on the right pieces.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,2/1/2012,8,4,2,3,3>Not too long after we moved to Memphis, my family and I decided to give this place a try since the wait at Brother Juniper's was FOREVER long. What a happy accident because this place is fantastic! I was hungry and super cranky and wanted food fast so I ordered the two eggs any style with grits and a biscuit....something quick and hard to mess up. My husband ordered the stuffed french toast with bananas and the 11 month old got a scrambled egg and home fries. Man, not only did our food come out super fast, in spite on the ridiculously crowded restaurant, but it was delicious! My eggs were scrambled to perfection, not too hard and not too soft, my biscuit was light and airy, my only complaint was the grits. They tasted like they may have been cooked in chicken stock, which isn't bad but I prefer creamier grits and whatever they were cooked in didn't lend any creaminess to them. The stuffed french toast, a sandwich of french toast, nutella and bananas, was exactly what you'd expect.....AHHHHMAZZZING!!!!! And the home fries our little one got? Yeah, they were definitely regular potatoes and sweet potatoes with chopped fresh rosemary. The food alone would have kept us coming back (and it surely has) but the service was wonderful! Everyone was super friendly and our glasses were never empty. I love this place and I recommend it anytime someone is looking for good food and good service. Haven't been for lunch or dinner service but that will soon change :)
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,6/21/2012,2,7,,3,1>I have been to Bosco's twice now. This last time I went, I was really looking forward to having the chicken Gorgonzola past which was fantastic my first visit. I was very disappointed. The sauce was watery and there wasn't much Gorgonzola. The waiter was extremely apologetic and took my plate away promising to return with a better one. The one he brought while better was still way under par. He sensed this and insisted on bringing me something else, but I didn't want to send him back to the kitchen again. I'm not one of those people who send dishes back. He was so nice about it! My husband had the salmon. It was amazing! Cooked perfectly and the glaze is just to die for! We also had the tuna tacos as an appetizer and those definitely did not disappoint. They were full of flavor! The house Caesar is also quite good. I love sun dried tomatoes and the salad had just enough dressing! Of course we tried a few of the beers and they were really good. Our server asked a few questions about our taste in beer before suggesting one, and he was dead on. The seasonal Tennessee Cream Ale was my favorite! I will be back. Next time I want to try the black bean tamales. I almost ordered them this time. Perhaps, I should have.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,6/20/2012,121,288,4,12,7>I was pretty excited when I found out that there was going to be a new deli and bakery opening in South Main that would serve breakfast, lunch and dinner. The wait is over - Grawemeyer's opened a few weeks ago in the space between Everleah's and WEVL.Somehow, I had gotten it in my head that Grawemeyer's was going to be a cozy bar / coffee shop kind of space, the kind with couches and wifi where you could park it for a while. Now that's it's open, Grawemeyer's doesn't quite match what was in my head, but it's a little bit better.The space is huge - way bigger than it looks from the outside. There are two dining rooms, a long bar and a few tables outside. Don't let the white tablecloths and old school jazz soundtrack fool you - while Grawemeyer's is classy, it's not pretentious (or expensive).For lunch, I ordered the Grand Central Station Baker ($7.95), a jumbo baked potato (i.e. two potatoes smashed together) loaded with my choice of toppings - shredded cheese, butter, sour cream and steamed, chopped deli turkey ($2 extra).It might be one of my new go-to lunch standards. It's cheap (even with the extra meat), there's a ton of it, and it's very good. Imagine a turkey melt you've ever had, only with a potato instead of bread, and you've got the idea.Most of the menu's salads, potatoes and entrees come with an pair of butter rolls and some housemade honey butter. Since Grawemeyer's is part bakery, I expected the rolls to be chewy and delicious, but the honey butter blew my mind. I'd like to take home a jar of it and eat it on English muffins or toast or a large spoon.I was so full after lunch that I wound up chickening out on dessert and taking a piece of chess pie (today's special) home with me for later.Grawemeyer's is open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner from 7 a.m. until about midnight. Since they just opened, the menu isn't quite finalized, but I'm excited to go back and see what dishes they settle on.They've also applied for a beer permit, so you'll be able to drink there soon. They accept all major credit cards and seem to be fairly kid-friendly.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,6/19/2012,180,199,6,7,4>Last week I was craving Mexican Wedding Cakes (cookies) and I really didn't feel like making them myself.  I didn't need an entire recipe of 2 and a 1/2 dozen cookies for myself.  I only wanted a few cookies to kill the craving for good.  And maybe have a few more to share... maybe. Thank goodness for Kerry C's review or else I would never have known about Kay Bakery.   It's not highly visible from Summer Ave so it's not like I would have stumbled upon it myself.  Armed with the address I found it with no problem.I'm so glad I decided to give in to my pesky craving and visit Kay Bakery.  It's not a fancy place but they do have a wide selection of yummy looking baked goods. I however, can only speak for the Wedding Cakes... that's what I was after and that's what I got.  The man behind the counter was perfectly lovey.  I asked for one dozen cookies and I watched as he carefully placed each cookie in a paper bag.   The cost? $3.99 A total bargain!  The taste and texture? Perfect!  The craving? GONE!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,6/18/2012,98,357,,8,3>Alfredo owns this place and is super nice when we come in. He has learned what we like and goes out of his way to make everyone happy. ( He is the only front staff ) This is the best place for authentic food on this side of town that I have found. Really good tamales, tacos, and I think his Guacamole may well be the best in the city. Parking can be a little hard as this is in the rear of Chow Time.  Always clean and the food has always been very fresh. Give it a try and help the local guy!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,6/17/2012,36,49,,4,2>What more can I say about this place that has not already been said? I have to talk about this place, however, so I will mention just a few things that I want to highlight personally. First, the food is so very fresh, they don't have any refrigeration they buy everything every day. This makes such a huge difference, and I have not had a single thing there that was not amazing. Their chorizo tortuga sandwich is probably the single best sandwich I have ever eaten. I can't even describe to you how good it is. Second, Jonathan remembers everyone! It's amazing! I had not been there in six months (a crime, to be sure) and I walked in last weekend and without missing a beat he said "Great to see you, Stephen!" Man, I can't get my wallet out fast enough.Third, their Aguas Frescas are worth every penny. Do not go in there and get a fountain soda, pay the $4 and change and get one of these. Once you have tried them, you won't go back to anything else (and this is from a man who loves his Mexican Coke). Finally, try new things. I get the chorizo every other time I go because I am trying to experience as many new realms of flavor as possible. Check the specials board, you will not regret it!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,6/16/2012,18,66,2,5,4>I ate a Skunx last night for the first time and was thoroughly impressed! Skunx has some awesome pizza choices! They combine delicious ingredients to make a perfect pie! My favorite part, though, is the crust. It's crunchy and wonderful!The group I was with ordered two pizzas, the davinci code and the Skunx something or other (please forgive me for not remembering the whole name). The davinci code had grilled chicken and onions, basil, tomatoes, mozzarella and goat cheese with an olive oil/white sauce. It was wonderful. Seriously. The other pizza (the skunx something or other) had original pizza sauce, pepperoni, ground beef, sliced meatballs, onions, peppers and cheese. It's basically their everything pizza. And it has everything you need for a delicious experience.The pizza was amazing and I will definitely be going back. They also have salads and sandwiches and delicious looking desserts. The thought of trying their tiramisu is reason enough to get excited about my next visit.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,6/15/2012,197,116,8,5,6>I don't know what took me so long to review this place. My coworker, The Oracle of Good Places to Eat in Memphis, turned me on to this place. Its located on 4th street, catty-corner to the Forum. It is a pain to park, and the neighborhood could be considered suspect, but the food is worth it. This place has atmosphere oozing out of it's pores. The inside is modeled after a school cafateria, replete with the typical chairs you'd find in schools. You order off of a piece of notebook paper that has had the menu printed on it. One whole wall is dedicated to books that you might find in a school library.  It is obvious that someone put a lot of thought and effort into the decor and you can't help but love it as much as they obviously did. Plus, the whole restaurant is immaculate. In addition to the great atmosphere, the menu is also a thing of beauty. I've only been here twice, but I think i can definitively say that this place might feature some of the best food in Memphis. When people come to visit from out of town, i take them here, and to One and Only BBQ (check that place out for GREAT BBQ). Although the menu features all sandwiches, the sandwiches are artfully and carefully arranged in such  a way that I literally had to put my hand in my pocket to resist the overwhelming urge to smack my momma, who was sitting across the table from me. Everything from the tea to the bread is homemade, and is bursting with flavor, love, and pride. I won't tell you what to order, because it doesn't matter. It's physically impossible to make a poor choice. I think it's a family run spot, and I think they also cater. It has strange hours; only open during lunch, except on Saturday when it is open till seven, and its open after every Grizzlies' home game. When you go, make sure you bring some restraints for your slapping hand, or leave your mom at home.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,6/14/2012,12,19,2,18,7>This studio offers different type of fitness; Pole Fitness, Strip to Fit Pole, Strip to Fit Lap, Zumba, Hip Hop Dance, Yoga, Yoga for Menz. COMING SOON; Massage and Waxing services. Several other fitness ideas being brought up as well. The owner is such a fabulous person & all the instructors are great. A great place to plan a bachelorette party, girls night out, or birthday party. Great FUN way to work out!!I have been an Eccentric customer since November 2010, and I am so happy with what I have learned. I have made great friends, and built my confidence. This is the only place I have been faithful to regarding working out. I would let my gym memberships expire, but with Eccentric I make sure I stay current. ^_^
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,6/13/2012,71,263,,3,3>Tsunami Restaurant is a midtown favorite of mine and I have never left disappointed.  Their menu changes from time to time but some of the regular items I'd highly recommend are the Sea Bass, Dates Wrapped in Bacon and their Mussel appetizer. Like many restaurants in the Cooper Young area, Tsunami has also introduced a small plate menu.  The decor is on the trendy side but still comfortable and romantic.  I have only one negative comment and that's the cranberry and vodka I ordered while waiting for our table.  It tasted watered down.  I tried another with Belvedere Vodka and still was disappointed.  I think the cranberry juice was the problem.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,6/12/2012,13,163,,4,1>Same owner as the 5030 Poplar location which has been around longer, so look at those reviews for more information.Minor menu changes at this location, but it's basically the same set of dishes, same recipes and same high quality.  My only complaint is the same as the other location, when they get really busy they could really use an additional server to keep up with all the tables.  Still, they do a good job.If you want hummus, falafel, or shawarma this is the only choice in town, and it's a great one!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,6/11/2012,37,7,,3,3>We visited Cortona's for the first time tonight and I have to say it was a lovely meal. We had the Mushroom Torta to start and it was fabulous and unlike anything I've had in Memphis before.The guys ordered Tagliatelle, one with tomato sauce and the other pesto and they both looked devine. My vegetable lasagna was very good. The dish was very hot so I had to wait for it to cool off to enjoy it. My friend ordered the special which was mahi-mahi and I was jealous when it came out. I think every one enjoyed their meal.The best part of the restaurant was the patio. It is unseasonably pleasant in Memphis tonight and sitting on a beautiful patio overlooking the Cooper Young neighborhood made for a wonderful evening. I can't wait to return and try the Tagliatelle.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,6/10/2012,16,46,7,4,4>TWO WORDS:  Men's-room.  Piss-trough.  Don't miss this rarely-experienced-outside-prison communal experience at the Deli.  There's no male bonding quite like stranger sword fighting, so step up, dudes.  Because where else can fifty guys get amped up on rounds of UFC and PBR, then step into the man-huddle at the trough and back-pressure out a laser stream that hisses off the raw metal so hard you can read the wall graffiti through rainbows??  And if you're lucky, mgmt props the door open.  Cuz exhibitionism  thrives at the Deli, heart of Midtown.  I love this place!For that reason and more, the Deli is a Memphis institution.  The decor, table art, lighting, even the poor service is endearing...  maybe.  The Deli has a beer selection second only to the Flying Saucer.  And the food is solid enough.  I personally recommend the pizza (awesome deal; add gouda to the mozzarella!) or the blackened burger, which comes with those awesome fries already factored into the price, if I remember right.  Or at least discounted.  But don't quote me on that!  Better yet, get the sweet potato fries!  I also like the Heat Miser.  I recommend avoiding the Deathrow Pimento Cheese (more like Death wish...  ok, not THAT bad, just not good) and the quesadillas, if only for the fact that I'm pretty sure the salsa is Pace brand.  What self-respecting kitchen doesn't make its own pico?  Sheesh...  Another drawback can be the price.  It's kinda demoralizing to get a $12 tab for a cold cut sandwich with fries, you know?The Deli is some of the best people watching in town, too.  Midtown hipsters, Ole Miss cookie-cut frat bro's, Orange Mound, Collierville, musicians, neckties... it's all represented here.  It is a melting pot of Memphis in every way.Final considerations:  + (1) star for the sweet logo cup they serve, even for water!  At least until you accumulate about fifty, in which case, - (1) star for waste insensitivity.  (Or, here's my fix:  Memphis City Council, I move that the city of Memphis use YA Deli cups to create the sewage and plumbing on the next massive sprawl approval on Houston Levee @ Walnut Grove or Macon!)  Oh yeah - man, do I miss "real" concerts at the Deli.  It was my favorite venue back when they were bringing national acts through town.  PLEASE bring back the tinsel curtain along with the Sea & Cake, or Broken Social Scene,  or someone worth a piss in a trough.  ARRGH!, I hurt from recollection...
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,6/9/2012,35,59,7,3,1>I looked up Kwik Shop and wondered, why does this place have 4 stars?  Then I thought about it for a minute and decided that was about right.  As mentioned before, there is Mediterranean food on the menu (falafel, gyros, etc) and classic grill food, hamburgers, hotwings, fries... We were here for the hamburger.  I had the 1/2 pound Black Angus, and my lunch mate had the double 2/3 pound burger.  Both were delicious.  The burger is cooked medium/medium well but remains juicy.  The buns are toasted on the flat top so they're crunchy and soft.  They were served with mustard, pickle, tomato(e), lettuce, and white onion.  They we're amazing lunch burgers.  Juicy, flavorful, with a loved bun. Only complaint would be about the fries.  Typical food service fries, not too thick, not too thin, not too flavorful.  Need to be cooked about 1 minute longer in order to reach crispy on the outside, soft on the inside perfection.  Hey, but for 6.50 for a burger, fries, and drink, who can really complain?  Lovingly,ColinPS. They have purple drank in the bubbler next to the lemonade.  Skip the lemonade and go purple.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/8/2012,44,103,,6,4>Went for the grand opening yesterday and was very happy! Large selection of produce & meat. Asian/Indian/Mexican/European foods, cookware, aprons and much more!  Very happy that they have opened and will be making a trip every week.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,6/7/2012,25,131,,2,4>I hate that I waited so long to try this place since moving to Memphis. I have heard good things about it from multiple people. I will say that I do love Chicago style pizza, however I did love this thin crust. I had the bbq pizza and it was awesome. My wife does not eat meat so she scraped some of the meat off and took a bite and she said she wanted to order it next time without the meat. The Grizz game was on while we were eating so you can never go wrong with having a beer, eating pizza, AND watching the Grizz win.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,6/6/2012,27,85,4,4,2>Hi Central BBQ, I love you.I love the bbq nachos, the ribs, the pulled pork sandwiches. Yum yum yum. (highly recommend the bbq nachos). I also love your sauce. If only every bbq place were like you. Central comes to mind if I try to conjure up an image of memphis bbq (not overrated rendezvous)
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,6/5/2012,19,62,8,5,2>Having recently arrived to Memphis & craving sushi on a Sunday this mad search for places to eat (or do anything) on Sundays is very new to me. What to do? Jump on Yelp. Edo was the only place open on Sunday. Since it was around 2 when I found the place I had to cool my heels waiting for dinner service. Annoying but typical of sushi places regardless of location.To that I have to agree w/ Art L. about the location & decor. In addition Summer Ave is *not* my idea of an area for dining being surrounded by title loan stores, pawn shops, discount cig's, fast food and sketchy used-car lots. But once I found the place (tucked away in the rear of a suspect strip mall - yikes) I was set.    Service was nice and so was the sushi. Although the prices are reasonable you have to pay attention to what you order - especially if you're dining alone! It's easy to go crazy & start ordering..and ordering...Walking out very satisfied but $25 (including tip) poorer....Ah well. I have come back & will continue to do so.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,6/4/2012,144,165,3,4,3>I didn't get the hype about Memphis BBQ until I ate in the Commissary. The PULLED pork was the best I've ever had. The meat was just so moist and flavorful on its own that I beg you to take a bite or two before you decide to drown it in sauce out of habit. Frankly I am not a fan for BBQ sauce in general because they are too sweet for my taste, and I tend to frown upon most foods that taste good only when smothered with sauce, but that is just me. Not a rib person so don't take my word for it: their ribs may not be the best in town. They were good but I doubt I would shell out nearly twice as much as the pulled pork for half rack ever again. Now onto the sides. I didn't understand why they call sweet potato fries Pig Sticks until they were brought to the table piled high on my plate. These sweet potato fries are like no others, think a dream combination of "steak cut" sweet potato and onion rings. I don't know if I can ever have sweet potato fries any where else from now on.Last but not the least, we arrived before 5PM on Sunday and successfully avoided the infamous parking problem, but boy I wish we had parked far away so we could try to walk off the weight we just put on.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,6/1/2012,0,2,,3,3>If you are in need of the perfect and also unique gift, spruce is the perfect shop for you. They carry tons of amazing home decor items, fragrances, jewelry, and baby items. Meg, the store manager, has impeccable taste and is super helpful in putting together great gifts. Oh, and they gift wrap. I highly recommend stopping in whenever you are in need of a baby, wedding, friend or personal gift! If you need interior design, the shop owner and interior designer- Selena, has a super chic aesthetic that also offers bits of surprising touches of color and fun.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,5/31/2012,1,2,,4,2>I have been coming to Maggie's Pharm ever since I moved to midtown 10 years ago and I absolutely LOVE this store. As someone who is fond of experimenting with natural remedies, this place is like heaven to me. The front entrance of the store has a lovely selection of gifts, such as candles, soaps, incense and lotions...but walk to the next room and suddenly you're surrounded by an amazing selection of almost any dried plant or essential oil you could ask for. If you know anything about herbal remedies, you know how hard it is to find a store like this.Forget going to whole foods to buy your natural products and essential oils, this is the place to do it. Aside from more reasonable prices, the staff actually knows what they are talking about and they are glad to help you figure out what to use to help your specific problem. There's even an encyclopedia of natural remedies for you to browse through if you need more assistance.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/17/2013,44,103,3,3,1>I didn't even know we had Snow cones in Millington till yesterday.  I opened up the "Best of Millington" flier and saw coupons for it.. mind blown! All this time they've been right there and I had no idea.. I've often debated about driving to Memphis to get snow cones, but truth is I was never that motivated to get one. Well this changes everything for me!My son ordered a kids cone in the pink cotton candy flavor, and I got wedding cake with ice cream on top. He saw mine and traded me.. (Wasn't a fair trade!!!) Kids cone was a good, only reason next time I'll be upgrading him to a regular sized one is that it is a cone after-all.. and he couldn't put it down on the table. Instead would ask me to hold it (hence the unfair trade happening!)Finally he decided to share MY wedding cake and ice cream  with me, that was REALLY good.Great prices, large selection,yummy treats, friendly staff and best of all..located right here in Millington. Woot! They've just earned themselves a big fan.I haven't checked out the gift shop they have attached but will do so next time, they also have restrooms for guests.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/16/2013,10,104,2,4,2>Yes, all the positive reviews are correct!!!!!! My wife and I could not believe how great this place is. Everything was good, including the homemade drinks.Vast array of exotic ice creams and frozen fruit bars. It is all homemade, that's what so good about it. I had the large cup with key lime (to die for!!!), egg nog with chocolate chip (slapped me silly for not having it earlier.), and mint chocolate (the best mint chocolate....). It was all outstanding. My wife had some kind of a fruit drink, it was awesome and brings back memories of my younger days. Just like a Blue Bell ice cream commercial. We also bought eight frozen fruit bars and ice cream bars. We had a free ice cream bar for buying eight.The lady behind the counter was very nice and charming. She let met tried at least seven different types of ice cream before I pick my three. She also took her time in introducing the flavors of their ice creams and frozen fruit bars; lots of flavors and it all sounded and looked good.Overall my wife and I had a blast and I got smacked in the head for not bringing her sooner. So I know we will be back!!!!!'This place is also easy on a pocket book. Thank goodness because my grand kids will be coming here a lot with their grandma.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,8/15/2013,39,66,4,6,3>The newly designed interior is well executed, even though the soulless strip center location is a hard obstacle to overcome IMO. Furnishings are new of course, and the atmosphere is a little better than most of these shopping center eateries. The smoky flavor of the meat is true to the name of this place and I highly recommend it.  Even though I usually order the pulled pork, I have been trying to eat less pork so I reluctantly ordered the brisket. I was very surprised to find it was easily the best brisket I have ever eaten, rivaling many pulled pork efforts for rich smokiness. Sandwich had plenty of meat too. Although everything tasted good together, the slaw by itself, was not inspiring to me, though everyone seems to rave about it. Onion rings were good, but they seemed to be nothing unusual...probably a good frozen variety. I wish every restauranteur would make almost everything they serve, but not everybody can be Elwood's Shack... so we celebrate the good where we find it and the brisket here at Ty's is the best! Sauces: Tried them all.  The hot is not hot, the regular is sweet as pancake syrup. The smoky was their best by far, but none can compare with Central's.  The meat however was truly exceptional and elevated what would have been a barely three star experience. Yes, the brisket was that good.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,8/14/2013,76,63,,9,2>New hibachi/ sushi/ oyster bar.... They have only been open about one week and typically I wouldn't try for at least the first month ... But I am glad I did. Friday Tuna has a cool contemporary vibe and decor which was nice to see. There is a combination of booths, table top, hibachi table, sushi bar, and regular spirits bar seating. They also have TV screens at the full bar which will make this a great happy hour haunt. (they will not have liquor licnse until mid-june 2013 but at this time will aloow you to byob with NO cork fee!)The staff was very friendly and accommodating. Most importantly the food ( I only had sushi) was really good, nice, and fresh. They have some creative rolls and an extensive list that is sure to appeal to anyone in the group.I will be back... I look forward to trying the oyster bar and hibachi tables. If they keep it up Friday Tuna should succeed!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/13/2013,30,107,2,4,4>Dear god! This is so good, and that sauce is so delicious! I'm not the biggest fan of eating chicken off the bone (I know, I'm weird like that!) and I love that they have the Jumbo chicken tenders smothered in the same sauce (Hot for me please) that is out of this world! My kids loved their home style chicken tenders and my husband was happy with his bones and all, so I know will be coming over and over again.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/12/2013,46,87,1,4,3>Am I the only one that knows the Greenway now extends to Neshoba Park on Wolf River Blvd?  This is easily a 40mile stretch if you go from Tillman to Neshoba and back. I take my 8 yr old nephew biking here often. I have also been in Women Run Memphis Running Groups here as well. I love it! The Trail is mostly paved--although, there are some off-road trails, & you can access it at Walnut Grove, Wolf River Blvd, Shady Grove, Neshoba, Kirby, & various other locations. When it rains, you can shelter under the Walnut Grove Rd Bridges or the Germantown Pkwy Bridge until it eases up a little :)It's really is the BEST thing happening in Memphis that is positive--for a change!!Good for:Biking--Off Road & PavedWalkingRunningK9 WalksNature **Bring your insect repellant and sunscreen!!**
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/11/2013,46,54,4,8,3>Lunchbox Eats is a good place. They have plenty of parking, which is nice for a downtown place. They're off the beaten path of downtown, but finding them is no problem.........and believe me, you need to find them!The concept is simple, and delivered in fine fashion. There are cues that remind you of your elementary-school lunchroom. Meals are served on Lunch trays. Colorful straws, food ordering slips, and big-ass red pencils with erasers to fill out your food order slips. It's a nice idea, and they completely back up their relatively high-priced lunches with outstanding food.On my most recent visit, I had their homemade Lemonade with Caramelized Pineapple. Expensive, but outstanding. It came in a quart Mason Jar with a straw about the circumference of a dime.  I'll bet Charlie Sheen wishes he had one of these straws the next time he goes off the grid with the Hookers and Cocaine!I've tried a lot of menu items, and it's all delicious. I can't recommend the Braised Short-Rib sandwich enough. It's one of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted! Recently, I ordered the Hamburger.......which is really a meatloaf sandwich with mashed potatoes, tomatoes and fried onion straws. Another Home Run, for sure.My most recent visit was with 5 friends. I tried some of their menu items, and every damn thing was creatively prepared and quite delicious. For dessert, we ordered one dish of the Donut Bread-Pudding. Then, we just passed it around the table and sampled it. Outstanding. We looked like a kennel of Basset Hounds trying to get Peanut Butter off the roof of our collective mouths. You just can't go wrong with ANY menu item. All of these were excellent.....Kale Chips, Mac & Cheese, Veggie Slaw, Chess Pie, Fried Brussel Sprouts, Chicken and Grids, and the Fried Avocado things.It's a little bit expensive. But it's all so damn good, you just sit there and take the hit.......kinda like grade school discipline.A unique and friendly place that's not to be missed. You'll like it!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,8/10/2013,16,46,,6,11>I don't know how I'm going to justify repetitious visits to this niche sonics/electronics store without wearing out my welcome, just to hear what music is spinning out the speakers.  Part retail store and part workshop, this modest but stylishly equipped studio is my inner music lover's dream living room:  the "store" part of the room consists of just a loveseat facing a wall of sound equipment and speakers.  I can foresee a tedious, weeks-long experiment of bringing in my own music to "shop" these speakers.I first met David Halford at Speaker Services on Cooper, where they refurb and occasionally sell vintage audio equipment and speakers.  Having a new turntable, I stopped by a few times to browse and get advice.  The problem is, my new equipment may not get along with the vintage equipment.  This week, the owner of Speaker Services referred me to David's new store, Halford Loudspeakers, and informed me that David makes his own line of modern speakers.  I drove down to Cooper Young and found him in his new digs, talking with tourists.  And it's gorgeous - the room, and the products.  The art on the walls varies from fine (local artists?) to functional (lattices of acoustic foam panels).  But the gear was the most aesthetic part of the room to me.  In addition to crafting his own speakers and cabinets, David is reworking vintage equipment for sale.  Bizarre old electronic equipment with tube amps, lights and dials, metal housings with holes that hint at the mysterious inner workings, and rich sounds somehow emanating from them.  At this point, pretty much everything in the store is for sale, and it's all unique, vintage equipment.  It's like a Bojo's for sound.  That will be changing.  However, David told me that, besides the normal speaker repair jobs, he's not even sure what his primary merchandise will be.  He's in the process of obtaining new equipment such as amplifiers, but none were in store when I visited.  Until then, I'm going to be nursing a tax refund and patiently perusing the wares.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,8/9/2013,289,203,2,2,3>I love this place! The barista guys are like the best "bartenders" ever (even when they forget your water) bc they are so cheery!! I've never received bad service even when it is PACKED! Yes there is always a wait on Sundays so either make reservations or grab a Memphis Flyer and wait for about 20 mins. It's worth it! I just found out with it being the wonderful hot as a donkeys butt summer that it is you can get any specialty coffee COLD. Yes! I just wish they have refills on that Star and Micey.. Yum Yum. The food is always good too but expect to wait sometimes when it's packed. My suggestion is bring good conversation company and chill. I love love love the place and ill probably be back again soon to try a shake.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,8/8/2013,58,103,3,14,6>I was looking for a quick lunch and saw the Mad Earl.  I went in and my sandwich and kettle chips were in front me in less than 10 minutes.  I ordered the Jerk, it was really tasty, not too spicy, but a little kick.  I went downstairs and saw pool tables, arcade games, and ping pong.  I decided, "This place would be great for a get-together."I corralled my pals and we met up here early on a Friday night.  We just hung out played the games.  The atmosphere is very "chill."  All of my friends just loved their sandwiches.  Most got The Jerk, a few tried The Earl.  One of the unexpected stars of the menu is the Cinna-Waffle.  It is warm, the frosting is gooey.  It is a tasty sweet that you can share because it is just SO sweet.The Mad Earl is laid back.  I like the vibe.I'll be back at the Mad Earl soon and frequently.  Service from Clay, Nate, and Lacey was great.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/28/2013,47,58,,3,2>When my family came to visit Memphis they wanted to have Gus's chicken one more time before they left, so we chose to make the drive to the Collierville location. We were glad we did. First, the chicken is just as good here as it is at the Front St location. Second, the wait time here was non-existent. Along with the lack of waiting was the lack of a crowd. It felt good to eat the most delicious chicken ever without having 40 others in the same room as you making tons of noise. Third, this location has an expanded menu, and the extra menu items alone are worth the trip! Mac & Cheese, need I say more? I thought not. They have the same quality chicken and same great taste, the same generous serving sizes, and in a comfortable and relaxed atmosphere. It was the best meal I've had in Memphis. I think you should try it out.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/27/2013,39,320,2,12,4>I've been putting off writing this review, mostly because I wasn't sure how to accurately express just how amazing Dexter and his team are.  In a nutshell, coming here is the best fitness decision I've ever made in my life.I started last July (yes, when it was 100 degrees out) on a Groupon, $49 for 4 weeks of class, at 3 times a week.  Now, I while I did not weigh 300 pounds, I was also not remotely in shape, and I have never, ever, in my life, been someone who worked out or enjoyed exercise of any kind.  I struggled through the classes, telling myself over and over again what Dexter had said: "Get on the horse.  Don't worry about being the fastest or the best, just show up to class."Well, I got on that horse.  And stayed on it, with a 6 month membership, and now a year-long membership.  I learned how to eat right by doing a couple of fat flush contests, and even won a prize, and I kept coming to class, 3-4 times a week.  Almost a year later, I've lost 15 pounds on the scale and who knows how many inches...the pile of clothes going to Goodwill can attest to that.  Was it hard?  Yes.  And don't get me wrong, the workouts are still hard!  But the support from Dexter, the other trainers, and my fellow 5:30pm-ers has been invaluable, and I know that support will continue for my goals of running a 5K and a half marathon.  I now look forward to my workouts and enjoy supporting and encouraging new boot campers, just as people previously helped me.  Take it from me -- get yourself here and try.  You won't regret it.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,7/26/2013,21,105,3,2,1>3.5 stars. Today was the second time I've ever been, the first was when this place was fairly new.They have a fairly simple menu, tacos for around $2 each, a couple soups, tortas, quesadillas, fajitas, burritos, enchiladas, and things they can add to chips.Food was good, I had a cuban torta, couldn't taste the guac that was suppose to be in it. I also had a bite of a taco el pastor which to me tasted like meat and onions, no specific type of meat though it is supposed to be pork... not bad but remind me to skip it here.Chips were alright, I liked them even though they were kinda greasy. The salsa also has a bit more kick than either of the hot sauces so I added the salsa more.So food, good, check.Service... both times I've been here it was a bit awkward, a little bit slow not that I mind. The first was when they opened so I expected there to be some kinks but... this time very lacking, though it may be due to coming in at 3 when the whole place was empty... guess I'll sit at the bar next time.Oh there was also a trio of tacos and a small queso ordered at my table, the tacos LOOKED very good as they also did first visit(I didn't try any though, and apparently they weren't very filling, though the person in question who ordered this could probably down a large pizza and still beg for more so his opinion on fillingness is nixed) queso was decent, I could see chunks of onion in it which I'm not too sure I like, I feel the queso was a bit over priced, drinks are also direly overpriced looking to me.Entrees are cheap, apps, soups, and drinks not so much.Anyway good cheap real mexican food, it is faux high class so don't worry it's family friendly, and again $2 tacos
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,7/25/2013,43,104,3,7,6>Be still, my beating heart.  Love at first sight.A silent picture house from the early 20th century, situated on Main Street, along the Trolley Line.  Sidewalk seating, if you prefer, but I suggest you first step inside to soak up the atmosphere.For nostalgia, classic movies still play on the old big screen. An inviting bar, orchestra- and balcony-level dining areas.Let's get down to business. A great bar staff. Attentive and personable mixologists. Say no more.  The food is comforting without being lowered to comfort food. Wifey, who rarely eats red meat, went after the Majestic burger like a lioness on a gazelle. My knees were weakened by the Shrimp and Scallop Linguini. The seafood was cooked to absolute perfection.Enjoy!p.s. I would like to see the management remove the first row of dining behind the bar.  There's not enough space to go 1-deep and comfortably accommodate waiter and guest through-traffic.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/24/2013,95,49,5,3,4>ATTENTION MEN: If you really need to impress a woman, send her flowers from the Garden District.The Garden District's floral designers create the most gorgeous, chic bouquets in town. Now, don't get too excited. They do cost a pretty penny, but trust me when I say that you're getting the best that money can buy. My fiancé ordered me flowers from here and it was absolutely the most stunning arrangement I've ever received. Ladies: Don't even think about going in this place unless you have money to blow because I can guarantee you it'll be hard to leave without spending more than you bargained for. From artwork to candles, vases to knick-knacks, this place has the best of it all. This is the perfect place to find something for your mother-in-law or for a hostess gift.Now, who wants to forward this post to my fiancé so I can get something from there again? ;-)
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,7/23/2013,98,313,1,3,3>I would go to Aldo's for the atmosphere alone. The restaurant is open-concept with modern decor and what I loved about it the most were the high ceilings that let so much sunlight in. So you can still feel like you're eating outdoors even if you're inside.They have several beers on tap--so if you're a beer fan, this is the place to be. They have a big bar to the right hand side of the restaurant if you wanted to come here and chill. I'm sure it'll be a popular spot in the summer.The service was good. The food was slow-coming the day we went, but we didn't really mind. We had the White Pizza with Pepperoni...I did have to use several pieces of paper towels to soak up the extra grease...but when you order pizza with 4 cheeses and pepperoni--what do you expect? A 12-inch is perfect for two people to share. The taste didn't disappoint. This is GOOD pizza...could it be better? Yes, I'm a sucker for classic, brick-oven fired pizza---that allows the pizza to get that awesome char at the bottom of the crust. But all in all, I'm excited because ALDO's provides a great, casual dining option on Main Street.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/22/2013,58,57,3,3,3>A few weeks ago I was picking up Sunday morning donuts and the sweet high schooler behind the counter said to me, "You look familiar. Do you work at Muddy's?"And I replied: "I WISH!"I have been a Muddy's customer since the very beginning, just days after it opened. And despite the HUGE growth and success the adorable bakery tucked behind Clark Tower has seen, the products and service have remained consistently wonderful. The staff are so friendly -- in fact, I'd like to take this opportunity to apologize for all the times I've held up the line while chatting at the register.The selection of treats varies so make sure you check the case online (muddysbakeshop.com/thisw). Also make sure you don't try to satisfy a craving on Sunday or Monday, as they are closed! But they do stay open late Fridays and Saturdays which is perfect for dessert after a movie at the Paradiso.My favorites are the Tomboy (chocolate cake with peanut butter frosting), the banana pudding and the rosemary cookies.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,7/21/2013,103,128,2,2,2>Blue Plate is unchanged since I was in high school.  That said, the place could stand for a few updates, especially in the bathrooms.  The wood on the vanities is splitting and rotting, which doesn't leave one with a "clean" feeling.  The biscuits are comparable to Cracker Barrel's or KFC's, definitely in the top tier.  The gravy is gluey.  My dining partner had a hair in her omelet and cheese where she requested none.  Coffee was good, and refills were fast! The prices are fair.  If you come on a Saturday, arrive before 9:00 to avoid a wait.  We met at 8:30 and there was no wait at all!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,7/20/2013,75,160,2,3,2>My charming boyfriend brought me to Restaurant Iris for Valentine 's Day. Like all the other reviews state; this place is extraordinary. They have ambience for an intimate affair pegged, the service was sophisticated and fun, the drink menu is vast and to-die-for, and the food-oh-the-food! The food is absolutely delectable. We started with the lobster knuckle sandwich and the salad of Brussels sprouts both were wonderful. My boyfriend had the surf and turf which he enjoyed and I had the gnocchi that was a special for Valentine's day. Everything we had we truly enjoyed. I look forward to trying this place again in the future.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/19/2013,49,72,3,2,2>I went today for my regular donation and the staff is Always pleasant and helpful. Or are they really vampires...lol They call me all the time, creepy. But I still enjoy them draining my veins because I can help the babies. Keep up the good work Lifeblood.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,8/1/2014,30,107,6,9,4>I'm gonna start with saying that I'm Mexican, we just moved here 7 years ago, so yes, I like my Mexican food as authentic as it can be, and I usually don't try any Mexican restaurants unless some friend invite me over for lunch. This place I picked from all the talks from the yelp community, and I wasn't disappointed at all.First of all, I love it that they only stick to a few options instead of trying to please all the mephian community and end up with just a few good dishes and the rest very Tex-Mex and just disgusting mess in a plate (mainly all the so called "burritos"; they put an entire meal inside a flour tortilla rolled up like a chimichanga... really? that is far from being a Burrito!) anyway... I lost myself in the discussion again, upsy!So, back to my review. We had tacos, shrimp and carne asada; all very good, nothing weird, and very good flavors; they comes the salsas, oh! the salsas!  This in my opinion is 50% of what makes a taco good or bad. I like my salsas hot, and I'm very good at making my own, they are always a hit among Mexicans and Americans, well, this place has really a great variety of salsas, hot, not so much and mild. All  are really good.The service could improve and the girls attending could be faster and maybe a bit more friendly, but it wasn't bad, just need a little push or a shot of energy (caffeine can be a good option haha).It's far from where we live to be going often (Olive Branch), and plus I like to cook and cook daily here, but I still am glad there is a nice Mexican place in Memphis to go and enjoy a good taco, or torta! ;)
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,7/31/2014,30,46,7,8,4>A friend of mine from near Chattanooga via NYC came to visit. He'd been out of the South for some time and wanted BBQ. I was only happy to oblige. I asked him if he had a favorite place to get BBQ in NYC and said yes. He also said, "...but it's just not the same." When we pulled up and parked, I caught him smiling like we'd gone to *place theme park name here*.  Hands down, the pulled pork dinners we relished were great! We discussed our meals on the way to our next outing. I'm a Texan originally, and I will debate beef vs pork for the rest of my life. That's ok. I'm glad to live in Memphis and I'm glad I have Corky's to keep reminding me that both can share a space on my plate anytime.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/30/2014,49,72,2,5,3>This was a very nice, clean and well decorated Asian/Southern American buffet styled restaurant. They catered to pallets with southern fried, seafood, desert, fruits and salads and my favorite SUSHI BAR! There was a great variety of sushi and cooks in the back to stir fry your choice of meats. And ALL YOU CAN EAT for ONLY $10.00. The hostess were very attentive and accommodating for our party of 8. The food buffets stayed full and fresh. I will be back!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/29/2014,52,299,3,4,3>I like this little place which is connected to Costco. They are smaller than most places so I'm sure they don't have as much variety as other places, but they always have some new cool drink up front on display that entices us to try it. Usually we regret it but we like to try new things so it's ok.Hubby and I like cheap wine and we have found a few white and one red wine that we like under $15 each here. (I've misplaced my list and will have to add them later.)We got the Viniq because it was neat looking but it had too strong of a flavor for us and we let our friends keep it. We did have fun playing with it and shaking it around, though. Like: - Stella Rosa Maria Ok: - Fireball Dislike: - Viniq- Chocolate Shop
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/28/2014,52,53,1,6,4>There's just something about this ole Irish pub... I have frequently visited this place since I first arrived in memphis-2007... and I have to admit, this is my favorite.  The location is in the heart of midtown - cooper young.  And only a jump, skip and a hop away from great coffee, cats and books. The patio has grown and they've added a bar outside and to top all of that, it is very much a seasonal patio. Misters in the summer make me one happy girl! The food... most recently I tried the mussels and they were excellent; Served in a thick cream sauce with a couple slices of bread made this appetizer very filling.  They offer a great selection of wine and even that woodchuck "beer" is nothing to turn your nose up at on a hot day.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/27/2014,20,58,2,5,5>I am not cool enough to party here during the infamous late nights, but I will say the food is AMAZING. Hopped in for a quick bite before heading to the ballet at the Orpheum. When I initially called to make reservations, Doug said they were totally booked up but then recanted when I stopped short of begging for a table for just an hour to grab some grub. THANK YOU DOUG! We were not disappointed! Portions are of the small plate variety, so it's easy to share (or not share) if you cannot decide on what you want. We shared the tempura long beans (lightly battered and served with a delicious dipping sauce) and macaroni and cheese (fontinnnaaaaa) and then individually ordered the steak frites and fish club. And no, you may not have one of my truffle fries.  Drink menu looks delightful, though I stuck with my all-time fave: a caipirinha. So glad to see a bartender who understands the joy of cachaca! I will definitely be back and will be sure to reserve a table again!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,7/26/2014,127,77,3,7,6>Had a great time! As the others have noted, self serve wine!One of the servers took away a dish too soon accidentally, and it was replaced without question.The French fries and hummus are delish!!! Great for sharing! Staff is very friendly!  Get your card, drink all you like, pay at the end! Will be back for more...
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/25/2014,59,133,1,6,3>I don't know how this place stays open, but I'm glad it does. This TCBY is kind if hidden in the area where Jason's Deli and Buster's are. It's very clean and nearly always empty. The people working are always very friendly!Unlike a certain other popular frozen yogurt place in Memphis, I've never had an issue with any of the flavors being spat out of the nozzle as liquid. They have a great variety of flavors and nearly endless toppings. There are usually good coupons on their website.If you're in the mood for frozen yogurt, show this place some love!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,7/24/2014,42,126,4,4,4>Well I came to this place because of the review from Joelle and others. This place is like Elena tacos with a burger vibe with fresh ingredients that are made in house. The lady was very nice and explained what the food was. I got the chik soldiers and hwy 64 sliders. The food is awesome which I hope they expand their food to be customized in ways that make things even interesting. Try this place out. It's definitely worth the price!!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,7/23/2014,256,60,3,6,4>Delicious pizza!Always quick service, always tasty. Good customer service, family atmosphere.#Yelp901
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/7/2013,27,93,,5,3>Side Street Grill is cool because every time I go, no matter what day, there is some type of drink special that works to my advantage. I like this.I've been 3 or 4 times, but always sat outside on the patio. Not sure really how it is inside, but I really like sitting outside there. Even with all the construction in front of it (Side Street is located near what will be the Overton Square parking garage), it's a good place to hang out for a while.I really like their salads. The buffalo chicken salad was pretty good, but I really liked the Black & Bleu salad. Burgers are awesome. I went with my mom here once and she still talks about the burger she had that day! They have an extensive martini menu...and two sizes for martinis. It's very evident you should just get the larger sized martini. More bang for your buck. The smaller ones are like slightly bigger than shots, and not all that cheap. Good beer and wine selections from what I've seen. Service is always good. Sometimes on the patio it can be a little slow, but they are always really friendly. Good, affordable dining and drinking in Midtown. I do like this place a lot.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/6/2013,73,51,,6,2>I posted a tip well before writing this review whereby I gave this place kudos for just being a really cool bar. To me that's all you really need to know...the food is not just good, but uniquely different from all the standards by focusing & specializing on one particular type (hence the name of the establishment). They have great draft beer...some of which even the nearby Young Avenue Deli can't boast...that changes regularly. The girls working there are super friendly - cool chics.The bar is tiny...in fact the entire place is small...but I really like it. Its relatively close to where I work (the airport area) so I could easily see myself becoming a regular. And if I lived in the Cooper-Young area I would definately be here WAY too much. I hope this place continues to do well and keep with the formula they are using for ambiance, waitresses, beer selection, food, etc.. it works; I wouldn't change a thing.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,9/5/2013,20,188,,3,3>Ardent Studios is fantastic. I could be mistaken, but I believe they're the only recording studio in Memphis that's still operational that offers tours. Regardless, it's definitely not to be missed. For starters, it's free. The tour itself is free, they have their own parking, which is also free. You really can't beat that.Throughout the studios are lots of memorabilia related to the studios. Lots of gold and platinum records of artists who recorded there, photos and articles pertaining to the studios, even some awards (as in Grammys, etc.). And of course, there's lots of framed records all over the walls of what seems like basically every album ever recorded at Ardent over the years. I don't mean it in a bad way, as no matter who you like, you'll be happy.You also of course get a tour of the studios from an actual guide. You get to see their studios, actual studios people still use if they come and book some time in the studio. To me it's so awesome to think of how many bands have been in each room over the years, especially the older studios. You can see the infamous studio that Big Star used for much of their recording and also see photos from their old location before they moved to their location on Madison.What I really enjoyed too was aside from the walk down memory lane and seeing these historical rooms, I loved being able to see the mix of new and old equipment at the mixing desks. Most use ProTools now, but they do still have analogue so you can see what recording studios used to look like. ;)And everyone is very friendly! You don't feel rushed at all (the tour should talk an hour, tops) and the guides are happy to answer any questions you have. They know everything. It's so worth taking the tour!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,9/4/2013,36,117,,4,3>Yeah... I know right... 5 stars?  Really?  Yeah, why not.This is a barbecue shack with exceptional food, good people (both staff and customers), and 10 tables.  It operates and is as full as a place that's been open for years, but it's life span so far can be counted in weeks.  They've got a unique selection of food, from Texas style brisket to meatball subs... they also do breakfast apparently, but I haven't tried that.  It is great, and is now in the BBQ rotation.Logistics: Park in their parking lot (tough to get to) or in the Lowe's parking lot (easy to get to).  Walk in the front door and go through the door on your left to get to the counter.  Order the food (brisket, pulled pork, potato salad, some excellent wings, etc.).  Go back out into the 'dining room', and grab a table or wait for a table.  We watched a few parties double up at a table since they are so few, but that's just another thing that makes this place great.  Get your food delivered, eat, enjoy. Accepts credit cards, but no booze (I think?).
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,9/3/2013,105,145,,4,2>Love this place already and hoping downtown supports Havana's Pilon. Located on Madison Avenue right off of Second Street, this newbie Cuban dive is probably the 10th restaurant in 10 years to occupy the space. The menu is tiny. The number of cooks is one. The number of other employees is one. With only a few tables inside, and a tiny kitchen in the back, this place has the chance to be classic!I ordered the special for lunch. The special consisted of two sides of your choice (I chose fried plantaines and congri rice) served with stewed beef with tomatoes and olives. There is a different special each day. The plantaines were OK, they may have been sitting for a bit before I got them. The rice was outstanding. The special was hot and delicious. It took about 4 minutes to get my order to go, and I am sitting at my desk eating it as I type.If those plantains would have been freshly cooked, this would have been a 5 star meal. I will be back again. Four stars.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,9/1/2013,100,106,3,7,3>It's dark, the decor is dated and cheesy, the service is friendly, however, a little on the rushed side - but, I'm in love. I was reading random reviews of neighborhood restaurants when I came upon Colin B.'s review of Pancho's. Immediately I turned to my husband said "We need to go to Pancho's.". That was at 6 a.m.  So at lunch time, I loaded up the family and drove a few blocks to my neighborhood Pancho's. As soon as we parked, I knew I would love it. The place has character. I ordered a frozen margarita that was delivered along with complimentary cheese dip and a smile. My frozen margarita was great! The kids and I split a couple of appetizers, the Mexican pizza and the flautas. We added the Pancho's dressing to every bite. That stuff is seriously good. The food is tex mex - in no way authentic Mexican, but it's not trying to be. I'm so glad we tried it, and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/31/2013,98,357,4,5,2>Old, rundown, potholes everywhere, only one guy taking money at the front gate, etc. Sounds aweful but its not! Two movies for $7.50, bring your own hooch, groups of friends acting silly, horrible for you concension stand food. We always have a great time!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/30/2013,25,131,2,3,2>I had to give this place a second chance because I did not like the first item I ordered (black and blue wrap). I'm glad I did because the second time around I ordered the Captain Crunch Chicken (kids menu but adult portion) and it was fantastic. Both trips to the Filling Station were filled with great service. This place also has a great bar. I will be back to the Filling Station for a 3rd time really soon.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,8/29/2013,31,38,2,6,3>Beer AND coffee. Perfect.We only stopped in for a beer (High Cotton Scottish Ale - delicious), but I can't wait to go back for coffee, food and more beer. The interior is fantastic; spacious and comfortable. And the service was friendly and efficient. Cool place.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,8/28/2013,79,188,3,5,4>Three reasons why I love Bruno's:1. The food is excellent and semi-classic Italian. My boyfriend had a pasta dish with steak and the steak was a work of art. There is clearly a professional in that kitchen. I had the cheese ravioli, fried, which they can do by the way (it isn't on the menu but my waitress was kind enough to let me know), and it was excellent. 2. This place is very accommodating to large parties. Like, they still have big tables and a room on one side just for large parties. This is very unusual in the restaurant business. Even if a restaurant will accommodate your large party, they aren't going to be pleased about it. I had one manager explain to me that large parties "gum up the works" of the whole restaurant and make everything run slower so new restaurants are built to discourage it with lots of booths and very few places to put together a bunch of tables. Bruno's is old fashioned, and they aren't going to be surprised when you want to come with 18 family and friends.3. You can color on the tables. I have never seen my boyfriend so well entertained. I know, it sounds stupid. I wouldn't have cared one way or the other before, but since I saw him with those crayons, I'm really a fan. My boyfriend, your eight year old...Either way, somebody is entertained!The decor is kind of "meh" and looks a bit lazy, but this place is very old fashioned. It's not a chain--more a Mom and Pop kind of place owned by one guy who still has his name on the building. I'm not really a fan of Mom and Pop stores, but this one is serving food that I could get in a much fancier restaurant and spend much more money on, and doing it with a smile. So regardless of the weird wall hangings and ugly carpet, I will be back to Bruno's, and I suggest you go too.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,1/20/2014,98,313,4,7,3>Had another great experience at Southward last weekend. The charcuterie plate with meat and cheese was fantastic--it's fun to share it with a group of friends and discover which flavors of cheese, fruit, meat, etc work with each other. Love the pate and some of strong cheeses. I also had the caramelized pear salad as my entree--since i was holding out for dessert--and it was good; it came with a bed of arugula--which i normally don't like, but it was delicious the way they dressed the salad. Also had a thick piece of pecan pie with sweet potato run raisin ice cream--unapologetically indulgent. Also had the blackberry southside--anyone that likes their cocktails light on the alcohol but like the flavor of fruity mojitos will like this one. To impress me once is good, impress me twice, I'm a fan for life!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,1/19/2014,73,51,4,9,8>I have wanted to go here for the last 20 years. Granted, I have wanted to experience the late-night atmosphere more than I've wanted to come in for a burger at lunch time, but this is a start.I have read that they had a pretty darn good burger and though I drove downtown for a Rizzo's lobster pronto pup, something about a greasy bar burger on a COLD Memphis day (32-degrees at noon time) was calling my name.So I can't speak to any part of the bar aside from the front room which looks like an ancient and rundown bar anywhere in the Mississippi Delta. It's the kind of atmosphere that if you didn't know where you were and you walked in on a Saturday night, you might turn around and leave.But I bellied up to the bar and got an ice tea. The bartender then let me know what he had for lunch -- two items. That's it: a "Soul Burger" - American cheese, grilled onions, mayo and mustard cooked on a griddle. Or, today, there was gumbo.So I ordered everything they had on the menu. I got my Soul Burger as a double and a cup of gumbo while I waited.In short....it was REALLY good. I was truthfully shocked how well the gumbo was prepared...a simple recipe of andouille sausage sliced thin, white chicken, white rice and a mirepoix in an excellent roux. It was very nice and would be a great recipe anywhere.The burger was very good. And I am sure if you got it at 1 or 2 in the morning, it would probably be the best burger I've ever put in my mouth. At 1pm, it was just a very good burger. A double cheeseburger, cup of gumbo and an ice tea was $12 - even. Not bad...not bad at all.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,1/18/2014,21,14,2,5,3>Grove Grill is one of my favorite lunch spots in Memphis. Whenever my family comes in town we always seem to grab lunch there (usually on Saturday). My favorite thing to get is the fried oyster Caesar!  It is delicious. The best part about it is these amazing croutons on it. They are made of grits. I have never had anything like them, but I find myself always asking for them even if I get a different salad. The service is always good too, and the bartender is always very personable and fun. Definitely recommend Grove!!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,1/17/2014,240,181,3,9,4>oooo WOW. I am impressed. For a long time now, I have turned my nose up to the thought of going to this place, because it couldn't be as good as people say. Well today, I was made a believing fool. The thought of their delicious food, makes me hungry. Plain and simple.I tried one of their breakfast sandwiches, Country Fried Steak/Egg/Cheese on a biscuit. It was succulent and delicious. Touche!I also tried the sampler. Eggs scrambled with cheese. The only thing I would change is add a little cheese to the grits.Keep up the solid work. I will be back... soon.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/16/2014,63,74,3,5,3>It's a really neat little shack with a friendly efficient guy working there who copies your keys for cheap.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/15/2014,100,106,3,4,2>Three words y'all - Ice Cold Beer.  I mean, literally, my draft beer had an ice layer on top. I'd dare to say they have the coldest beer on the square. Also, their happy hour specials are INCREDIBLE! I don't know if it was just a Tuesday thing, or if it's an everyday thing, but ALL appetizers, including flatbreads, were half off. Let me break it down for you (I was with a group): 6 24 oz ICE COLD draft beers, 3 sliders, one flat bread, and 6 potstickers - $40.  Fo real. Did you get the 6 24 oz beer part??? I was very skeptical due to so many bad reviews and bad customer pr, but I was happily surprised. Service was fast, friendly, and attentive. The food was pretty tasty, too. The patio looks amazing. I can't wait to go back for an ice cold Dos Equis on their patio. My ONLY complaint, no local beers on tap. Yazoo was the closest, and that's Nashville. Show some local love, ok Bar Louis? This is midtown, after all.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/14/2014,114,317,1,7,7>We celebrated (a week or so late) Elwood's 1 year anniversary the right way: with our order from the first time we ate there - - meatball sub, bbq nachos & club sandwich. My first review still holds true to this day. My husband, daughter, and I just sat there, shook our heads, and talked about how marvelous our food was. Congratulations, Elwood's!!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/13/2014,36,117,1,5,3>A five star joint... no doubt.  I think you'll find that most of the complaints people have had are with the service, which is unfortunate because I've always been pleased with it at Aldo's... but good service is worth five stars?  No... it's not...The interior, ambiance, bar/bartenders, music, inventive pizza menu, unique appetizers, and overall vibrancy of this place... that is what five stars is all about.  It's a place you want to go to for pizza, you want to go hang out, you want to watch the game, you want to watch the people... ultimately you just want to be there.  It is exactly this kind of establishment that is well thought out, well run, well staffed, and well liked by so many Memphians that is bringing life back into downtown Memphis.  Five stars y'all... go get your fine self a slice.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,1/12/2014,34,71,,7,3>El Kora is a family run business with authentic Mexican food. The enchiladas potosinas are a little greasy but delicious. The chile rellenos dish is my favorite. It comes with one chile relleno filled with real mexican cheese (not the fake kind you get at texmex places) it also comes with carne asada with potatoes with green salsa, and of course rice and beans. I love that their corn and flour tortillas are all handmade. The pozole is a big hit, especially for hangovers. They do not have a full bar just imported beer and mexican sodas. I always order their homemade limeade. The place is a bit small and can be very crowded on the weekends but we always find a place to sit.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,1/11/2014,23,62,,2,1>LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place.  Excellent hummus.  The Athenan Gyro is my fave, but the paninis and steamed pita sandwiches are great, also.  Awesome salads, and the hummus and pita are great!!!!  The owners are nice and you can tell they really want you to be satisfied.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/30/2014,37,74,1,5,4>One of the most best place to run. This place has dog park, bike trails, fishing all kind of exciting fun activities.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,9/29/2014,111,135,3,4,4>If you like Baer's Den, you'll love The Cedar Room. This store is stocked with styles for guys that range from button downs to tshirts to swim trunks to socks, candles, and cigars. It has entry halls to both The Ivory Closet women's clothing store next door (owned by the same people) and Pageboy Salon behind. It may seem small on entry, but there is actually quite a large selection, and the size range is great for all kinds of guys. Guys can pick out their choices and try them on in the store, but check out is in The Ivory Closet next door. This place definitely rocks it when it comes to the Harbor Town 'island' style and makes sure that the fellas around here are stylish at a very reasonable price. I mean, you can stock up on dressy and casual styles without breaking the bank? Yes please. Added bonus? The store actually smells like cedar.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,9/28/2014,58,103,5,4,4>I initially tasted Guilt Free Pastries at the Yelp's Taste of the south.  Comments from that review on GFP:  "There was an avocado brownie from Guilt Free Pastries that was truly REMARKABLE.  It was silky, intense, and flat-foot amazing."Since then I've ordered more than two dozen brownies!!!  They are THAT GOOD!  I've tasted a third of the menu offerings.  My absolute favorite is the Vegan Avocado Brownie.  But wait . . . don't you assume that this is some tree-hugger's dessert that taste like cardboard.  This treat is just the opposite.  The texture is perfect, silky and smooth.  The chocolate flavor is intense and rich.  While the words "vegan" and "avocado" are in its name, this brownies are crazy good.  When I first tasted these, I was totally digging them for the taste.  When I ordered a batch, I noticed that the nutrition label said there were ONLY 38 CALORIES per brownie.  I asked the Chef if it was a typo.  I asked him if was he pulling my leg.  Trust me friends, I didn't know that 38 calories could taste so good.  The products are made with all the good stuff.  The website says, "freshest organic and all-natural ingredients, freshly made at time of order in small batches by hand. All pastries are grain-free, gluten-free, processed sugar free, butter free, and vegan pastries are available."GFP delivers (I'm not sure of the radius).  Each batch is cooked to order.  The brownies freeze well.  Some of their products are available in Tamp 'n' Tap, Stone Soup Cafe, Ms. Cordelia's, Phillip Ashley, and others.There are also Snickerdoodles, Muffins, breads, and other tasty things for you enjoy guilt-free!If you have a sweet tooth and a weight-loss goal...If you like brownies, but not the calories...If you like to indulge without regret...You're gonna LOVE GFP!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/27/2014,197,116,18,8,9>There are seminal moments in your life. Your first kiss. Your first beer. Your first heartbreak. Your first arrest. Your first marriage. Your first divorce. Your 100th review on Yelp.  All of these events shape you into the man or woman (or other) that you are today. Well, I had another seminal moment at Iris: the first time i ever wanted to make love to my plate. It's seriously that good.My girlfriend at the time had decided to surprise me for my birthday by scoring us reservations to the restaurant, which is seriously hard to do. Unfortunately,  sometime between my birthday and the reservation, we broke up, so I thought I had missed my chance. We still decided to go although the birthday dinner was much more somber than we originally anticipated. The restaurant is tiny - very tiny. When we arrived, Iris had gone through the trouble of personalizing our menus with birthday wishes for me, and had covered the table in confetti. The waitress was prompt and professional and wasted little time in explaining all the goodies to us. I had ogled the menu at the house so I had a good idea of what I wanted to order, but her explanations made the decision way harder. I ordered the lobster knuckle sandwich and my girlfriend...er, date...er, table mate (?) ordered the ravioli in brown butter sauce. The lobster knuckle is served open face,  so it's not quite as hearty as a lobster roll, but it is delicious. I think they kill about 6 Sebastians to get all that lobster meat on the sandwich. (Sorry, Ariel, but you still have Flounder! )The brown butter sauce was devastatingly good. I thought it would just be burned butter, but I was amazing. I greedily lapped it from the saucer like a mammoth feline and hissed at anybody who came close. For our entrees, we both ordered the surf and turf. In case you're not aware, the surf and turf at Iris comes as a ribeye THAT IS STUFFED WITH BLUE CHEESE AND OYSTERS. Be still my heart! (And if I eat that steak often, it would. ) My...nebulous relationship mate had her steak with goat cheese and shrimp. It was magical. I don't know how to emphasize how good this steak is. If aliens invaded our planet and gave us one chance to prove why we shouldn't be slaves I'd present them this steak and they'd be so impressed they would let me anal probe them. Any steak that can prevent the destruction of your world deserves to be respected. And I respect the hell out of this one.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/26/2014,111,151,2,8,4>I'm a laid back concert goer, there are less than 5 I've attended in my life where I haven't sat in my chair and just enjoyed the show. I say this because it affects my view of the experience here. There are three ways to enjoy concerts: The pit : standing room only by the stage Reserved seating: seats at tables behind the pit The lawn : general admission behind reserved seatingLast year I attended two concerts when a FB friend sold her tickets. This year we got season passes - for the lawn with all the fees it's $182 / person for the 5 concert series. Parking by the gate is $20 / concert or $75 for the season. Parking off Perkins is free. I like the lawn - you can bring your own refreshments, lawn chairs, coolers and blankets. But you can't really see the stage. They have a few screens up to project the stage, but not everywhere on the lawn can see these either, and they don't show the opening act on screen. It gets crowded, and you get to smell your neighbors bug spray. If you're looking for a typical concert experience than the lawn is not for you. If you like to chill / socialize with some good music in the background then it's for you. Food trucks are on site - crepe maker, fuel , and generic junk food. Hog wild has a tent and you can order food trays in advance. Restrooms are port o potties, in Memphis, in the middle of summer, eww! If its a sell out crowd or the time gets moved up it gets very crowded - like an hour in line to get in the gate at the Daughtry / Goo Goo Dolls concert. I'll give the benefit of the doubt lesson learned and this will not happen again. Most concerts start at 8:30pm and last for two hours including the opening act.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2014,9/25/2014,99,218,7,6,5>I got the 28" pizza to go. I got it because I wanted a gigantic pizza which they definitely delivered! I got half pepperoni half supreme. Pepperoni was not that great. I wouldn't get it again. The supreme was good. It's a very thin pizza. I live downtown, would I drive here for their pizza? Hell no.Would I drive there again if I wanted a gigantic pizza? Absolutely!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,9/24/2014,75,66,1,4,4>Of course I'm gonna put 5 stars this is my job!!! I'm the manicurist at this lovely salon & I must say it's the best place to work at ever! Not only that, they have the best service & great prices. You can get a quick wax eyebrow or Brazilian depends on how badass you really are lol. Manicure,pedicure or a gel manicure which one you like oh she can make your hands & feet look brand new.Nail weekly discountsTues-gel manicure 2 week stay polish $25Wed- basic mani/pedi $35 exclude sugar scrub but for $5 exfoliate why not!Thurs-manicure $10Fri-$2 off polish changeThe hairstylist are great too! Pick one or three and get dolled up in paggios salon!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,9/23/2014,13,163,2,14,5>This is a unique, and very good restaurant.  The concept is like a Brazilian Churrascaria but with Eastern Mediterranean food.  There is basically one item to order on the menu, the fixed price all you can eat parade of met.  There is also a salmon dish that can be ordered, I presume for those not interested in an endless array of meats.The meal starts with seven appetizers.  Rice, Bread, Hummous, and Baba Ganoush.  Two kinds of salad, roasted potatoes, and some sort of hot pepper "salsa".  The Hummous and Baba Ganoush both tasted home made, and the two salads were unique and each tasty in their own way.Then comes the parade of meats.  They will bring around huge skewers of eight meats: Chicken leg, lamb, top sirloin, a ground lamb/beef (like a Kubideh), filet minion, ribeye, roast beef, and a chicken kabob.  All are very well seasoned and marinated with flavor from that region.  I detected flavors I would describe as turkish, iraqui, persian, and palestinian.Just when you think there's room for no more food, they bring out the dessert, grilled pineapple.  It's on a skewer and grilled whole, marinated in a cinnamon sugar mixture.  The result is amazing.  You will probably want seconds.  And thirds.They make their own tea with a mint spice in it, and also serve coke products.  The restaurant is done up in what I would call a "simple classy" style, I don't think I would show up in jeans and a T-Shirt, but it is still in a strip mall and not super fancy inside so a suit is not required at all.  I wouldn't describe as kid friendly, but a well behaved child will not be out of place either.It's dinner only, and the fixed price menu means you're basically looking at $30/head with the food, drinks, and tax.  It's not cheap, but I think it is a fair price given the quality and quantity of the food.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/22/2014,192,191,5,5,7>I Love this place!!! I at first wanted to wait for the new business to work out its kinks and quirks, but I feel like I've given it enough time. I've frequented this place twice, and have only ordered 2 different drink items but both have been fantastic! This morning I ordered the Silver Service (English Breakfast Tea, Vanilla, Lavender, and some other stuff). It was pretty good! It has like an interesting chai after-taste? I never drink Chai, but its what I think it is. The time before that, I ordered something AMAZING that all the Yelpers recommended: THE DELTA EAGLE. (espresso, raspberry, dark chocolate, milk). SO GOOD!!!!! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!!!Price-wise: the drinks are around $5.50ish with tax. It might seem like a lot, but think about how much you pay for a "grande"/medium over out at Starbucks... You're definitely getting your money's worth here because the drinks are customly and personally made! And the portions are proportional to what you pay! They are definitely doing something right. This is a cool joint in the middle of downtown Main Street. It has a Hipster-y feel, but a new-age hipster feel. (does anybody understand what I'm trying to get it?) Its not old and crummy and smelly or dungeony like what you would imagine a "hipster" cafe to be like, but rather it has tons of light, great open space, tons of seating for groups and for small numbers of people. They have FREE WIFI with Games in the corner! and books to read. I love this place!!!! It's great if you want to grab a quick convo with a friend, or if you're looking for a different point of view for studying, or doing some work. It's quite, and while it is downtown, you dont get the normal hustle and bustle noise that you get from Beale or Main street because it's located right off it.They serve breakfast, brunch, and snacks.  I have yet to try their treats, but will be back for more!  I'm not sure if they validate for the surrounding parking lot; someone will have to ask for me.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,9/21/2014,103,128,3,4,4>This park has been a staple in Germantown for as long as I can remember, and used to be the only place for kids to play baseball.  Cameron Brown has a little bit of everything: athletic fields, two playgrounds, a very squeaky old swingset, a .3 mile circumference stocked trout pond for fishing (with proper license), strolling, or jogging around, and ample,though sometimes awkward accessed, parking.  Great for small parties or play dates.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,2/25/2012,275,277,,5,4>We had the onion rings piled high and overflowing. Crispy and delicious. May have had rice flour in the batter....crunchy like panko or besan (chick pea). My husband had a big Leonard and I had a beef BBQ sandwich. The potatoes were mashed with skins. We also had great beans...almost as good as Rudy's in Austin but not as meaty. I passed on the strange yellow slaw served in a ketchup paper souffle. It was mustard based but looked more like potato salad. The restaurant is located in an industrial park like it was sky dropped . Urban Legend or Truth: It was a favorite of Elvis's entourage who used to pay by check for their $400 -$500 meal after getting the bill at the mansion with tipfor the waiter and cook $100 each. No wonder they kept the restaurant open for after hours when they walked in at 10 pm. Best service in town - everyone was friendly. I didn't get food poisoning as a few reviewers have mentioned. I got that at Pei Wei the following week with their spoiled Vietnamese rolls. Brunch was not open as we went on a Saturday morning.The buffet for groups is loaded with BBQ and sides. People kept streaming in for a meeting. Decor is early, old diner with an old truck in the front dining room and warren of rooms in the back. There is more ambiance in the Germantown Commissary.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/24/2012,53,67,,6,3>Many people refer to Memphis, TN as BBQ Capital of the World, and while it is true that there is excellent barbecue here, some of the most interesting and delicious food finds are not hickory smoked or slathered in barbecue sauce. Memphis is filled with cuisine from a variety ethnicities from Mexican to Chinese, Indian to Vietnamese, and many other options in between. Asiana Garden in the South Riverdale neighborhood is an authentic Korean restaurant that gives the word "barbecue" a whole new meaning. This is true Korean barbecue at its finest, as diners have the option to cook their food on grills right at their table.I tried out Asiana Garden a little while ago with one of my favorite dining companions, Angie. We decided to split an order of fried dumplings and an order of BBQ short ribs. The dumplings were crispy and delicious, filled with pork and cabbage.Each meat selection comes with traditional accompaniments: rice, kimchi, cucumber salad, pickled vegetables and daikon. Diners can then build their meal to suit their individual tastes, and who doesn't enjoy playing with their food?We didn't get to the restaurant until about 8:30, so we didn't get to cook our short ribs at our table, but the kitchen did an excellent job. There was only one or two pieces that were even a bit tough or chewy.The kimchi is extremely spicy, so I ate it sparingly, but it added a nice vinegary bite to the meal, and the pickled veggies offered nice crunch.Asiana Garden also has a more familiar menu, which includes standard fare such as fried rice and a variety of noodle soups. However, if diners want an authentic experience, they should try some of the more traditional Korean dishes and redefine their idea of barbecue.Final Impressions: Asiana Garden is a tasty way to experience Korean delicacies. If you go for dinner, it's not necessarily cheap. (Between the two of us, we spent a little over $50 with tax and tip), but their lunch specials are very reasonably priced.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,2/22/2012,100,106,5,7,6>We all have our favorite pizza, right? Well my favorite Memphis pizza  is High Point. It's not fancy, but it's not boring either. The place is small - maybe 7 tables? And a few tables outside. The crust - not so thick, not so thin, and coated in buttery goodness. I love the Italian sausage they use - I swear it must come for Dino's or somewhere else delicious. They also have a great lunch sandwich and salad menu. The chef is always trying new things - each time I go in they have  new special - from a Cuban sandwich to a sun dried tomato pizza with feta. As good as all of those things sound, I go back to the pizza. I just. can't. help it.   Oh - my son loves this place so much - he wrote a paper on it for school. Hello - that's damn good pizza. P.S. they make their own ranch dressing with peppercorn and Parmesan. It's heaven.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/20/2012,31,74,2,3,2>Vegan sausage and gravy, you guys. I even ordered some for Christmas morning and they were really cool and helpful and gave me instructions for reheating. Their tofu egg salad is awesome too, I'm pretty sure all their sides are vegan (unless they say otherwise in the name), and they have some amazing looking veggies. BBQ eggplant, WHAT? I haven't been able to try that yet, but ONE DAY.It's a cool little place in an up-and-coming area...a little out of the way for most of the places I usually am. But it's worth a special trip!If they add some vegan desserts I'll add an extra star!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,2/16/2012,114,317,2,4,3>Thank you, Yelpers, for telling me about the fried crab claws at Mortimers! They are, to my knowledge, the only place in town that has them. These were big & meaty...my daughter and I completely devoured them. We also split the jumbo lump crab cakes, but I was underwhelmed at how they were executed. I saw a grilled Amberjack sandwich on the menu - will get that next time and pretend I'm in Destin. The restaurant can get pretty loud - that was my only negative. (But I'll wear some earplugs - those crab claws are too good to pass up!)
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,2/15/2012,98,313,,5,4>Perfect place for brunch. If the weather is nice, sit outside on the patio overlooking Overton park and the Golf course. We came right at 11:00 on Saturday morning, and we were the first table they sat. Although we had reservations, I don't think they were necessary. And no, you don't need to pay admission even though you're entering through the art museum. When you walk in the front doors just take a right. Brushmark has delicious biscuits with butter and jelly--as a free starter. We also had the small basket of pastries with things like mini-donuts, croissants, danishes, etc--good to split amongst 4-6 people. For the main courses, we had the crepe special, quiche lorrain, and a bacon/cheddar omelet. The Quiche Lorraine is spectacular. The peanut soup is also very interesting--it has flavors similar to an african stew. The mixed green salad was just so-so. The prices were reasonable as well.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,2/14/2012,53,93,4,4,5>I love, love, love Finos and always have.  Some of the sandwiches are a bit messy, but who cares?!  They're delicious.  Even their pasta salad will knock your socks off (yes, I realize that "knock your socks off" appears to be my quote of the day...I make no apologies) good.  It has a wonderful, tangy zing and who doesn't need a little more zing in their lives?  What makes me sad is that they have down scaled the grocery part of the store.  However, they did so to make more room for tables.  It's not so crowded, now.  So, I guess it's a good trade off.  And there's another little Italian grocery across the street, anyway.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,2/13/2012,22,40,2,7,3>Great place to go if you want to feel like you're not in Memphis. We dined and drank. Go with a couple of people to share small plates with. About 2 per person is enough to get plenty full. Plates run about $7-10. We ordered 9 plates for 4 people and all left satisfied and pleased with our dining experience. They will stagger the plates in a progressive order appropriate for your palette. You must try the grilled cheese! Favorite one out of the 9. The pan-seared scallops were to die and the crab cakes were perfectly fresh and not over seasoned. The mixologist who created the drink menu is a genius. The Dancin' Jimmy was my favorite and Pearl White was the runner up. Not able to take reservations at the moment as Memphis's hottest bar, I suggest arriving no later than 7:00p on a Friday or Saturday if you would like a table without waiting. The service was not overwhelming but with the food and drink offering I'm confident the staff with eventually make a perfect merriment.Also, dress sharp as this is Memphis's most elite, best looking crowd I've ever seen.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,2/12/2012,27,93,3,5,4>Okay, so I've only been here once, but I am SO EXCITED to return!The Brass Door is everything I've been missing as of late. I had been craving fish & chips with a nice cold beer, and that's exactly what I got. The fish was buttery, tender, and delicious. The chips are stellar. They've got the right blend of crispy and mushy potato, and the right amount of salt. The beer (a Smithwick's, of course) was cold and satisfying.My husband ordered the traditional Irish breakfast, and he was 100% pleased. The service was great. Food came out in a timely manner, and our server was extremely friendly. The menu looks great. I was so set on getting fish and chips that I barely considered anything else, but that's just to give me excuses to keep coming back. We are so happy this place is here. Irish pubs are my most favorite thing in the world. This one ranks up with my favorite one ever. It's most likely going to be the go-to place before and after Redbirds games for us.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,2/11/2012,79,111,2,4,2>As a Memphian, I have had my share of amazing and also terrible barbecue.  Whenever I am not in the mood to try something different and all I want is to go somewhere I know the 'cue is going to be solid and always good, I head down the street to Central BBQ. Central is a local staple in Memphis, and the consensus seems to be all positive. Obviously, there are many rivals in Memphis for the best barbecue, and everyone has their favorite. However, Central BBQ seems to be at the top of most Memphians' lists.My favorite barbecue meals are a pulled pork sandwich and barbecue nachos. Any place that can tackle these two items is a gold medal winner in my heart. Central BBQ has the best of both of these.This particular time I was at Central, I met my friend Amber for a lunch date to celebrate her upcoming birthday. We got there a bit after the lunch rush, and the place seemed very peaceful. Central BBQ is not a hole-in-the-wall joint, but it does have your relaxed, casual atmosphere down pat. It's like going to eat at Grandma's.Amber ordered the pulled pork plate with beans and macaroni and cheese. She claims that Central BBQ has the mac-n-cheese that you just cannot master at home. You know, the thick, creamy, rich kind. She let me try them, and yes she was definitely right. This mac-n-cheese was great.I ordered a similar meal this time I was there.  I got the pulled pork plate with beans and greens.I was a bit curious to try something different this time, so I also ordered the tamales. They had obviously just started serving them, as I noted by the signs around the store. With my love for tamales, I know I had to try them.Overall, our pulled pork plates were amazingly delicious. The pork was juicy and tender, so much that I barely had to chew. You know you have the good melt-in-your-mouth barbecue when you barely have to use your teeth.The tamales, on the other hand, were not my favorite. They were pretty dry and fell completely apart when I opened them. I was left with a dry, clumpy mess.Central BBQ is still on the top of my list for BBQ joints in Memphis. Stick to what they do best and leave the rest for the others.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/3/2014,153,109,3,8,4>I absolutely love this place. Especially this location. I took a coworker, who's never had Memphis barbecue, here because it's REAL BBQ and isn't touristy. He and my boyfriend started off with their chicken wing appetizer and said the chicken was falling off the bone. They both said they were unbelievable and would order them for their meal. They both loved the BBQ and especially the potato salad. I ordered the baked chicken dinner with fruit. Baked chicken can tend to be dry, but this was cooked to perfection. The service was good. I will definitely always send people to One & Only for Memphis BBQ! :)
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,4/2/2014,961,900,15,16,14>After heavy drinking at Newby's, my coworker and I decided we needed to get something to eat, stat.  Thankfully, we saw a CK's next door.  We had to be weary of CK's after our last run in at the other location, but thankfully it was a little better.This time when we walked in, it was slightly more lively.  Unfortunately, they guy who cooked also took orders.  I could tell when more than a few tables came in he was getting flustered and rightfully so- kind of fucked up to not have any help (mind you this happened on both visits).I ordered the same thing- Paul Bunyan and a patty melt.  As we were waiting for our food, some lady in a Taurus damn near pulls up to the front door, walks in, comes to our table, and starts mumbling god-knows-what.  She stood there for a few- I told her to get the hell off our land.  She then went to the other side of the restaurant and did the same thing.  So now the server/cook/cashier now became the bouncer and kicked her ass out.  The worst part is that she was driving a car worth more than $30- so the moral of the story is lay off the needles and the powder.  Never a dull moment here.After that happened, we got our food.  And believe it or not, I even got my OJ this time!  It was in a shot sized glass, but oh well.  I still got it.  The food was greasy as ever, and hit the spot.  My heart had a serious talk with me though and begged me to eat this shit sparingly, so I have done my best to respect its wishes.The inside is the same as the other location, and the bathroom just as creepy, but I have survived 2 visits and I guess that is all that matters.  One last thing, there is plenty of parking in the rear- not on the damn patio.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,4/1/2014,27,164,,4,5>I've gone here twice now.  Both times I was in search of a fancy little nail spot in the nearby area and both times I was turned away because they were booked.  And both times I landed at Andy's.  I am also happy to say that both times I left very satisfied.This place certainly isn't fancy.  It's a hole in the wall kind of nail salon.  No fancy drink service, colorful flashing lights, or decorative waterfall pieces.  It has the essentials - pedicure chairs, manicure tables, a tv and a drying desk.  That is it...I don't even think they have fancy wall paper.  So if you're wanting to go in and feel like a princess...this probably isn't going to be a place for you.Andy's is however (at least with pedicures) time efficient quality work.  Both times I've gone in I've truely enjoyed my pedicures.  The massage chairs are some of the best I've ever sat in and they have a WIDE variety of colors from both Essie and OPI.  What makes this even better is that it's a quality pedicure in a low fuss environment that is well priced ($30 for spa pedicure).  No needing to wait for Wednesday specials like other nearby places...any day of the week you can get a good pedi at a good price!I'm sure next time I will save myself some time and head to Andy's first!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,3/31/2014,20,58,,5,4>Sizzle, swizzle, and swirl, I love you! Partook in the $7 happy hour menu which is offered until 6:30 on Mondays thru Thursdays. Excellent all the way around. I ordered the steak tidbit sandwich while my husband ordered the burger. Both came with fries. Bartenders were friendly and attentive and we enjoyed chatting with those sitting near us. Can't wait to do this again!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,3/30/2014,82,49,1,9,3>To say that I am an overprotective pet mom would be the greatest understatement EVER. After living in Houston for the greater part of my pups' lives, I was unsure of what I would do leaving an amazing vet, groomer, and pet sitter.When I found BrownDog, I realized that I hit the mother load. Grooming & Day care!!! Then, when I had to leave town, and realized that I needed someone to watch my fur-babies, I had to go on a search for a boarding facility...uh, yeah! They have that too!!!When I pull up to BrownDog, I am greeted by a happy person who calls me AND both of my pups by name. Not only that, but my pups appear to know them as well!The front desk is fantastic, the people who work there are fantastic. I am stopped regularly to ask where my dogs are groomed. ANYONE who will listen...i will tell them about how great BrownDog is. Convenient, clean...everything.5 stars really isn't enough...do you have a 6 or 7 option???!? :-)
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,3/29/2014,45,23,1,5,3>While the service is fast and friendly and the entrees are very tasty, my main reason for frequenting Firebirds is their Seared Ahi Tuna appetizer. The lightly seared tuna, paired with spicy mustard sauce and bed of mixed greens, is excellent and goes great with cocktails.  Also, I love the bar area. It features a large fireplace, comfy pillow-back seats and a couple of TVs. It's a great place to enjoy a few drinks and an appetizer prior to hitting the outdoor mall or a movie.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,3/28/2014,106,49,1,4,3>Hueys, seriously. How can I give a review for this place if i'm constantly eating here?DELICIOUS. If you're visiting Memphis, GO to the nearest Hueys.I'm currenty looking for a house near Huey's in Midtown...... yep, that's not just a coincidence. My favs: Bluff City Burger: Chargrilled and topped with smoked cheddar cheese, crispy bacon, onion straws, BBQ sauce, shredded lettuce & pickles on a buttered, toasted Kaiser roll.Fried PicklesSweet Potato Fries with some delicious magic sauce they include with it.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,3/27/2014,76,204,,5,2>Nice restaurant off Brookhaven Circle, elegant atmosphere.Great pasta Bolognese, and seafood crepes. Also try the sea bass with veggies on a bed of pasta. Good wine selection and excellent coffee.The cream brulee was good and I want to try the other deserts.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,3/26/2014,35,205,,4,2>One place I can still go and have a drink, get a bite, and have a cigarette without being deemed a leper by the patrons.  Beer selection is pretty good, I tried a few, but the prices are a bit on the steep side from what I'm used to.  It gets a little too loud in there for my tastes at times, almost to the point where it's easier to text someone across the table from you instead of trying to scream over the music.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,3/25/2014,87,274,2,6,3>Mot and Ed's is a southern restaurant in midtown Memphis.  It is relatively new.  I recently had the chance to try out the food.   My first time here was with one of the dishcrawl's, so we got to sample the food.  We had fried catfish, greens, mac n' cheese, and cornbread.  Everything was delicious.  It's typical soul food, which means that everything is awesome.  It has a great vibe with a great ambience.  I'm glad that it's not too far from my house.  Sometimes they even have live music.  I can't wait to make it back here.  What I want to try next is the stuffed burgers.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/2/2012,31,74,,5,3>I'm updating this because RP Tracks recently introduced three vegetarian sandwiches, one of which is the Vegetarian Club, which is legendary. I have probably eaten five of them so far. Tofu is the "meat" of the sandwich, and you guys, toasted coconut for the bacon! Genius! It's soooo good. Also? They returned my call after I placed my order to tell me the sandwich came on honey wheat bread (oops, since I've eaten it 5 times, but oh well), so is not truly vegan that way, and offered to replace it with focaccia. Which sounds incredible anyway! But seriously, who cares that much about whether their vegan customer get truly vegan food? In my experience, not many restaurants. Definitely one of the most veg-friendly places in the city.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/1/2012,114,317,,6,2>Have done carry-out here several times, as it is minutes from my work. Always delicious and fresh. Today I had the pleasure of dining in and was just as pleased. This place is always packed at lunch, so they must be doing something right! Sat at the sushi bar, as it was the only open spot, but that's fine by me because I like watching them make the rolls. Service was quick and the restaurant itself was clean. If you live or work in the area, it's a solid choice when you need to get your sushi fix on.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,6/30/2012,75,160,,3,3>I have had the wonderful experience of dinning at Sea Bistro on 3 occasions. Every time I have been to Sea Bistro I have been completely satisfied with my experience. It's important to note my review is based on the area; this is a small restaurant in the suburbs. It's a great diversion from Chili's, On the Border...etc. The food is certainly not up to gourmet standards but for what it is, inexpensive, fresh food it's pretty darn good. The sushi is priced low compared to others in the area and it's very good. The meals are full of fresh vegetables (not the frozen mushy kind). Overall, for what it is-I really love this place. I plan to go back and I highly suggest you give it a try as well. I'm certain you won't be disappointed.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,6/28/2012,98,313,5,8,5>I went back to Alchemy recently with a group of 6 friends for my birthday dinner--and they knocked my socks of yet again--so I thought I would update my previous review with dishes that I had this second time around. European Quail stuffed with Cornbread and Andouille Sausage (3stars)Denver Lamb Ribs with Tzatziki Sauce (5stars)Roasted Duck Spring Rolls with Spicy Orange Dipping Sauce (3stars)Jerked Pork and Caramelized Onion Quesadilla with Black Bean and Pineapple Relish (4stars)Rock Shrimp and Chorizo Mac and Cheese (5stars)---OMG this is good!Pan Seared Diver Scallops over Creamy Roasted Corn and Edamame Succotash (3stars)Chile Roasted Fish Tacos (3stars)Alchemy Antipasto (3stars)Stella Rosa Dessert wine (5stars)--seriously thinking about ordering a bottle to keep at homeAlso, honorable mention for the desserts especially the Carmelized Apple Creme Brulle and Caramel Cheescake that was part of a trio of cakes.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/14/2012,6/27/2012,53,93,4,4,2>The original location of Central BBQ is Central Avenue.  I recently attended a meeting at the Summer location.  They have a nice sized back room that can be closed off from the rest of the restaurant.  The atmosphere is casual and the food is consistent with what is offered at the original location.  The food was just as good as always - I had a bbq portabella mushroom sandwich that was, "smack yo mamma good" - however, the service was beyond poor.  There were times when a server would walk into the room with a plate of food, look around, and turn around to leave.  We flagged down two such servers in order to retrieve food for people at our table who were still waiting on their fare.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,6/26/2012,47,237,4,4,2>What a Lovely dive this place is.  From the lack of parking, to the lack of good air conditioning, to the waiting in line for service and bare minimum in seating this place would be considered by 99% of folks a DUMP!  I say, "Perfect" and more parking for me, less folks just sitting around causing the heat to rise, maybe an open table for me to sit at with out the usual wait, and the under appreciated cook/waiter/counter attendent/bus boy/chief dish washer person can take my order for some of the "BEST DARN FOOD" I've ever found in the midtown area.  OMG, Holy Cow, Slap me silly....This place is perfect with all of its cosmetic flaws because the price and quality of food never fails to under promise and always over deliver.  I've had the Muffaletta (with extra meat & see my pic of it to believe how big it is) and by far its the best in Memphis, and probably the best Muffaletta north of the BIG EASY.  The Bi Bim Bop is a heavily dish and must be tried by all who come to the Kwik Check.  I've never had anything like this, but will forever be on the quest for more Bi Bim Bop.  The Gyro is as good as any in Memphis, and is served with fresh cucumber dressing like no other Gyro place has that I've found.  The employees must love working here, because they are masters of their art of creating taste bud memories that will last a lifetime.  If your a true foodie, then welcome one and all to the Kwik Check, but if your looking for standard trappings and comforts of a Chain food place then drive on down to the nearest KFC.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,6/25/2012,36,69,,4,3>Chelsea is a great server and so good with chatting with our kids.Covered outdoor dining - what could be better?I love that there are 3 seating options - dining room, sports bar and covered outdoor dining. The menu is diverse, so you can get a salad or salmon, but pizza and burgers, too.Good, diverse burger selection, and I love the options you have with sides.The salads could be a little more green and a little less white. I haven't particularly cared for the taste of the pizzas either. But many of the other menu items have been really great.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,6/24/2012,79,111,2,3,4>La Michoacana is one of those small known-unknown places.  Nobody talks about this place, yet all local Memphians seem to known and love it.  I visited La Michoacana for the first time a few weeks ago.  It has been on my list to try for quite sometime, as I have heard nothing but rave reviews about.When I pulled up to the building, my heart filled with excitement like a five year old child.  The place even looks exciting. The writings on the outside of the windows make it seem like a fun place to be.The inside of the building is just as fun as the outside.  Brightly colored walls, kids drawings, and photos of customers having fun all make the place inviting.  It seems like they drew their inspiration from a preschool or Sunday School classroom.The main difference is that preschools don't smell like corn.  Yes, this place smells like corn.La Michoacana has many sweet options for you to choose from.  They have paletas, which cost $2 a piece.  Many swear by these popsicles.  They also have ice cream.  The commonality between it all is that you will find flavors here that you cannot find anywhere else.  Tequila, Rose, Corn, Jalapeno, etc.  The ice cream flavors go on.I opted for a small papaya ice cream.  Scott, who tends to shy away from weird sweets, opted for Strawberry.  My papaya ice cream was fantastic. You can tell that they make the ice cream in house.  It's the perfect consistency.  It has a rich sweetness to it, but overly-fruity sweet.  It's also very creamy.  Scott's strawberry was above par as well.  It was also sweet, without being overly fruity.  They seem to have the right flavor and texture recipes to all of their ice cream.  I was amazed.I live so close to this place, that I cannot believe I have not tried it yet. I will be back soon, that is for sure.  Jerry's Sno Cones now has some competition for my love.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,6/23/2012,62,119,3,7,4>This is pretty much the nicest YMCA I've been a member at.  Full basketball court, swimming pool, whirlpool, full gym, cardio equipment, racquetball courts, etc.  Four floors of awesomeness!  Anything you want is pretty much here, including massage services.I mainly come here for the basketball; the basketball gym is a bit small so you can only play 4 on 4, but it still does the job well.  The floor for the weights and cardio overlooks the basketball court so a lot of times you'll get spectators watching you from above playing ball, so that's an interesting touch.  The weight room is sufficient, the cardio equipment is actually really nice, but I'm not a huge fan of the cable machines.  The resistance on them is just a bit funny, and it's not really all that smooth.  Could just be me though.What really sets this YMCA apart from other places is the staff.  The staff is extremely friendly, and they go out of their way to talk to you and see how you're doing.  I really can't emphasize enough how friendly everyone is.This YMCA charges for parking since it's downtown, but it's only $50 for the year.  Not too shabby as the parking is convenient for certain locations downtown, such as the ballpark for the Redbirds.  Oh yeah, the sundeck overlooks the entire ballpark and it's a great view for the game if you wanted to catch a few innings.  I'm also a member of French Riviera Spa (yeah, I know, I'm stupid), but if I had to pick only one, I'd pick YMCA for all that they offer.  However, if you're a serious gym rat who likes to do Olympic lifts, then FRS is what you'd want.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,6/22/2012,46,54,26,24,9>The Pork Shoulder at Pollards is very good. The texture is right, with just a hint of smoke.  I ordered the regular sauce, and it was very mild. I'd recommend the Hot BBQ Sauce.As part of my Pork Duo plate, they added Ribs to my plate along with Beans and Potato Salad.  The Beans were very good--- a little bit sweet and mild for my taste, but had bits of pork shoulder in them that shows Pollards is doing more than dumping beans in a pan and heating them up.  The Potato Salad was the typical Memphis Potato Salad found in BBQ joints--- Mustard/Mayo with pickle and pimento.  This seems to be what is expected by many BBQ fans, and this version is tangier than most.The Ribs were 3 1/2 down Spareribs and were average.  This cut of rib is an economical one, and a lot of BBQ places use this basic rib cut. The meat was tender, but the meat didn't pull away clean  from the bone.  The mild sauce was very mild, but flavorful.  In comparison to the Shoulder meat, they fell short of expectations.  I think a better cut of Rib might help improve this part of the menu.The restaurant itself really threw me for a curve.  I've been in almost every BBQ joint in Memphis, and I've never seen anything like this place.  I like the color green, but I don't need three shades of green in contrasting blocks to go with the floral tablecloths covered by laminate.  I felt like I was in the Pottery Barn.  I kept looking over my shoulder for somebody to put out throw pillows in my booth.Then I saw the explanation on the counter---- an article from the Commercial Appeal stating that Pollards had been "decorated" by that idiot on "Restaurant Impossible". I almost laughed when the realization set in.  Pollards looks like a BBQ place from the street, but the inside looks wrong for a Memphis Barbecue place.  "I'd like a Feng Shui Pork with a side of Pretentiousness".  The tourists from Graceland are going to love this one!The Pollards are very nice people, and their food is above-average for Memphis BBQ. That is a compliment coming from me.  I will be going back soon to try their Beef BBQ, and their BBQ Spaghetti.  Get the Hot BBQ sauce--- the mild stuff must be made to suit the tourists up the street.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,9/16/2012,53,67,,9,2>So my husband and I finally made it to Restaurant Iris, and all I can say is what took us so long? For as long as Restaurant Iris has been open, it has been considered one of the best restaurants in Memphis, and it was a perfect location for a fabulous celebration dinner.We decided on the five-course degustation which gave us seven courses total (with one shared appetizer and a shared entree.) I started with their version of soup and sandwich - butternut squash bisque and and grilled cheese piled high with duck confit. I can't say I've ever had duck on a grilled cheese sandwich before, but I definitely will again.My husband, Tom, started off with the seared foie gras. He said it was simple, clean and very well-balanced.For the salad course, I opted for the Brussels sprout salad with Benton's bacon. Now, bacon makes everything better. Benton's bacon is some serious stuff, way more robust than the regular stuff from the grocery store. I love it, and I really enjoyed it in this salad.Tom went with the tempura fried okra salad. This course featured whole okra pods, stuffed with pimento cheese, tempura battered and fried to a golden brown. Tom is an okra addict, and he was not disappointed in this unusual take on a Southern classic.Then we split the Rod Bailey's raviolo. Raviolo is the singular form of ravioli, and this one is stuffed with braised Black Angus short rib meat and sits in a pool of the most delicious sauce. Big thanks to our waiter who suggested that we use the complimentary French bread to sop up the leftover sauce. That might have been my favorite bite of the night.For our entree, we split the surf and turf - New York strip stuffed with fried oysters and topped with a blue cheese sauce. Tom said this was the best steak he's ever eaten in his entire life.For dessert, Tom had the trio of ice creams (I cannot, for the life of me, remember the flavors)And I had the praline bread pudding. This was the only course I didn't finish, and only because I simply ran out of room. I ate until I couldn't eat anymore.Final Impressions: This was a true five-star experience from beginning to end. Every single bite was thoughtfully prepared and absolutely delicious. The service was stellar, the atmosphere was charming without being stuffy, and we had an absolutely amazing time. It will be extremely difficult to pick another restaurant for our next special occasion outing.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,9/15/2012,89,341,4,8,5>Hello, my name is Jolynna and I'm a Salsa addict. No, not the stuff you eat with chips, but Salsa DANCING!! I love it. I love it. I LOVE it!  And to do it, THE place to go in Memphis is Rumba Room.   Located in the artsy and oh-so-cool South Main District downtown, this club is a hidden gem that you definitely want to check out, even if you have never salsa danced in your life. The vibe is so fun and so positive and the crowd really diverse.  No matter your age, ethnicity or background, you will fit right in and feel very welcome here.  Plus they make a mean mojito. Now, if you're already into Latin dancing, you know about this place, but if you don't, then you can take a lesson each Saturday night at 9:30 for free.  (Saturday night is Latin night). It's fun and there are usually a lot of people taking the class, so you will feel comfortable and have more fun than you can imagine. And most likely you will do what I did the first time I went:  Become an addict. But don't worry...  You can get your fix each weekend like I do.  Vamos a bailar!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,9/14/2012,22,40,1,4,3>This place is a great downtown staple. Whenever you're not sure what scene you're in the mood for, hit up the Beetle because the crowd is unpredictable, drinks are reasonably priced, and the food always surprises me. You're in a bar eating but it's not bar food. The menu is super random but that's downtown for you. The Beetle always has the best fries. The quesadillas are pretty norm but once you add their barbecue mayo it was great. Sounds sketch but it was delightful. Their lasagna was amazing. My friend tried the meatloaf sandwich which is what the BBQ mayo goes with I think. Anyway, she loved it. Good stuff. Now I can't speak to the current hours of operation but I do recall in my prime leaving the Beetle when the sun was coming up a time or two. Good late night place. Like late late night.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,9/13/2012,319,116,1,6,3>This is where the hipsters hang out Downtown. This place still retains its dive bar funkiness from the early 20th Century.  Loud juke box, pool table, hipster watching.  No telling who you might run into here.The perfect place to drink a PBR from the bottle and enjoy a delicious Soul Burger.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,9/12/2012,106,53,6,8,6>okay as Ethnic food of all stripes calls to me like a siren song...and as I actually had a taste for Korean a few weeks ago (yep...I am liable to have a "taste" for almost ANYTHING....side effect of growing up in a city and going to a high school with every nationality under the sun...but I digress) being new in town I wasn't sure there was actually any GOOD Korean in Memphis.  Having most recently lived in Chicago's Koreatown...I am pretty picky about the quality of my Korean food.  I love Korean BBQ more than life itself but I had a hankering for one thing and one thing only...the Bibimbap.  I wanted that sizzling, spicy, crispy, curnchy, parade of flavors to party in my mouth. So as I have done with everything else since I moved to Memphis I turned to my new besties here at Memphis yelp to guide me to the Bibimbap promised land.  So Kwik Check came up...I promptly hoped in my vehicle put the address in my GPS (since I still occasionly get lost) and headed over.  I was parked outside for a minute looking slightly confused.  I am never against a hole in the wall place, but this place seriously confused me.  Was it a bootleg 7-Eleven/Liquor store combo or a restaurant.  I had my doubts, but forged ahead knowing that my fellow Memphis yelpers would NOT every steer me wrong.  I was reading the menu and even more confused by the combination of things on the menus.  The Gyros looked pretty good...but darn my ADD...focus...you came for bibimbap.Ordered at the counter...got my drinks and waited.  The object of my affection came out in all its sizzling glory a few short minutes later.  All I can say is OMG!!...I have been eating Bibimbap since one of my Koren friends introduced me to them  in HS.  This one was unique, different, satisfying and completely awesome.  I usually like to let mine sit undisturbed and sizzle for a bit before stiring things together...this maximized those crispy rice bits (there is a name for them but I forget it) at the bottom and give you that crunch.  What can I say flavorwise it is just a VERY balanced meal.  the spicy, and umami flavors are there along with a little salty, and sweet (from the apple) and sour (at least with the Kimchee I added).  Eating this dish is like giving yourself a hug from the inside.  Seriously one of the best I have had.  I started humming and singing my happy food song and I would have got up and done my happy food dance but I didn't want to scare anybody.  I have since been there 3 more times (yes I am a bit obsessed) and each time I say I will try something different like the Mufeletta but I just cant bring myself to go there and NOT order my beloved BibimbapThe only reason I am knocking this place down a star is because they dont serve that mixture of the little freepickled veggies and things(I think they call them  banchan)  that I am used to in Korean restaurants...and seriously what Korean restaurant charges you extra for Kimchee?   But even with that negative...I still HIGHLY recommend you try this place
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,9/11/2012,21,127,,2,2>i grew up eating indian food, and this place is definitely legit! the down side: portions are a little tiny for a huge eater like me. i told them to make it extra spicy but it wasn't spicy enough.. next time i will have to emphasize that a lil more. only been here for dinner, and it's not expensive but it's not cheap either. ill come for lunch soon.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,9/10/2012,24,61,3,3,2>This is a great coffeeshop, but I would like it to stay open later! Or, how about during Trolley Tour night? I'm perpetually craving their coffee when walking past, but they always seem closed. Hey Bluff City, what about us artsy night owls? We're just coming alive at 6pm, and you're shutting down.But I digress. Excellent coffee. Nice atmosphere that isn't trying to be hipster, yuppie, pretentious, or really anything -- it's all about the coffee here. Usually there's only one person behind the counter, so there can be a line to order sometimes. I had the raspberry mocha, and it was divine.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/8/2012,47,237,3,3,4>Time Warp...Time Warp!  Holly cow batman, I'm six years old again, remembering holding my dads hand as we walk to the back counter in the Ole Hardware store.  I was always allowed to run free to look at all the cool stuff, and at Farmer's Hardware Co I can run free and look again.  From the garden tools hanging up, toy tractors, real western flyer wagons, railed snow sleds, hammers, and the always fun to pick up and play in...buckets of all size nails.  They even have the old planked hardwood floors that creek as you walk along...dirt from the boots of local farmers scattered all around but oddly clean too.  This is a Mans..Man place that offers the odd and obscure little tools that WalMart has no idea exist.  Not to mention these tools are high end, quality built, and will last most folks a life time.  I've still got the old wooden handle hammer that my father-in-law passed down to me when I got married to my beautiful bride (his daughter).  Oh my goodness...can you see how easy it is to quickly slip back in time even just thinking about this place.  For those who have lived in the "WalMart" environment and think that an ACE hardware is a Meca of Tools, I beg you to expand your mind, extend your imagination of retail shopping, and take a short drive outside of the city to a real hidden treasure in what makes Shopping Fun again.  You don't even have to buy anything to enjoy the simple pleasure Farmer's Hardware has to offer, only show up and see where your imaginations take you.  Farmers Hardware doesn't forget the Lady Folks either....Tons of nick nack abound in every corner.  While in the small town of Sommerville take time to visit many of the local dinning establishments as well.  Just Yelp your favorite type of foods and I'm sure you'll find something to suit your fancy.  Rest assured you'll want to take time enjoy the good food served by local folks who take things a bit slower along with personal attention to service and quality.  Escape the hustle and bustle and fast pace rat race that drives the commerce engines of Memphis by coming out to Sommerville and my advice is to start at Farmers Hardware Co.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,9/7/2012,114,317,3,7,2>I can not believe I've lived in Memphis all my life and never eaten at the Germantown Commissary before. When my husband discovered this, he immediately remedied the situation by taking me there for lunch yesterday. I think parking was always an intimidating factor for me. It's a small place and always seems packed when I would drive by. I found out, though, that parking at the church across the street is absolutely permissible. Problem solved.Because it was my first trip, we sampled a few different things. I HAD to order the tamales. (tamale freak, here) They were absolutely some of the best I've ever had. Perfect ratio of meat to masa......and the chili and cheese covering them helped too. ;) My daughter, who at first turned her nose up to them ended up polishing them off.  The deviled eggs were good, but I have to say....I make better. I think it's just a matter of preference. I'm not big on sweet relish. (I use either dill relish or capers in mine.)My husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich, served with beans and slaw. He was kind enough to let me have a bite, and I must say, it was pretty good stuff. I absolutely LOVED the baked beans. They were the best I've ever had. My daughter ordered a hamburger, which was about the size of her face, and claimed it to be better than Tops. Pretty lofty statement, but I'll take her word for it. I didn't try hers......I was too busy trying to make a dent in my *BBQ NACHOS*!! Holy Moly! They were HUGE! I shared them with my Mother-in-Law and at the end of the meal there was still enough for 2 people to enjoy. They were so delicious, though! All the food groups were covered....chips, cheese, bbq, and jalepenos. To sum it up, I think it will be hard to stray from the tamales and bbq nachos here at Commissary. They are that good.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/6/2012,48,11,2,3,4>Omg. I had plate of a full slab of pork rib, spaghetti (w/cheese), baked beans, cole slaw & bread.YUMMY! This is definitely the spot for good bar-b-que. I love when the female manager is there. Her name is Lyntoy. EXCELLENT customer service. If you ask for her personally she will definitely take care of you. They also cater! I will run out of room trying to write my review about this restaurant lol. All I can say is try it. My boyfriend used to say that everytime he passed by that place it was always busy and that discouraged him from trying it out. But will stand in line even if it was down Poplar Ave now for it if necessary! Lol. I'm just saying if you haven't tried it yet, please do.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,4/13/2014,106,53,5,11,5>Okay I will admit it, I have been in Memphis for a year and a half and still hadn't settled on a place to get my mop flopped.  Really I was disappointed in the shops that I went to...it seems they either weren't exactly sure what to do with my curls and spent significant amounts of time trying to convince me that I needed a texturizer or a weave OR they did an okay job taking care of my hair but styled like they were stuck circa 1985.   I had recently encountered quite a few sistas whose hair looked great....healthy, beautifully styled and the one thing all these women had in common was recommending this place.  For all my natural curly sistas out there....THIS is the place for you.   They do online scheduling which is quite convienent.  The staff is professional, friendly, and chatty (but not annoyingly so).  They actually take you at the time of your appointment (occassionaly a radical concept at a black hair salon).   I have seen Stephanie and Jewel so far and both have done an excellent job with my hair.  I have had a rod set and flat twist updo done by Stephanie that people simply could not stop complimenting me on and Jewel did the bomb.com flatiron that lasted almost two weeks before it got fluffy.    My only minor complaint is that their estimated times for services are about 20-30min too short (hence the reason I didn't give 5 stars)...although they seem to do much better with times for the early morning appointments.   Bottom line...if you have natural hair and want a variety of styling options (including sisterlocks and traditional loc care), people who care about your hair's health and who will not let you leave without looking absolutely fabulous then run not walk to this salon and get your butter whipped!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,4/12/2014,391,293,3,3,2>This place was would be so much better if the atmosphere were vamped up! The food is pretty good! I like the shrimp here. If you are looking for a fast place to grab a bite before a grizzlies or red birds game this is a good spot to visit. You can sign up for their promo emails they are actually very good and promote a lot of savings!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,4/11/2014,15,37,,7,3>This is one of those great little places that everyone in Memphis should get behind. Every single member of the staff, which cannot be more than four people at most, is extremely nice and is always making every effort to satisfy each, individual customer.This is not a place that you go to for the decor or ambience. Instead, this is a place that you go to for great food in a no-frills setting.I have had the Cuban sandwich on three different occasions, and it is outstanding. Probably one of, if not the best, Cuban sandwich I have ever had. They also have daily specials that are out of this world, with plenty of different options for meat-eaters and non-meat-eaters alike.Great food. Great staff. Solid four stars.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,4/10/2014,39,66,4,6,3>There is no reason a place that sells Andy Gator AND hush puppies should have anything less than a 4 star rating!  Seriously, the catfish here is great. Blackened. Southern. Salt and Pepper. All good. The étouffée is plentiful and reasonably priced. Shrimp and grits. Yes, that too. The service is acceptable and gets better with each passing day. I purchased several gift cards from here for friends and family at Christmas this year. A good, local place. No nationally franchised hedge fund owners. Real Memphians. I have eaten here for more than 7 years. Always good food...but service was unpredictable. Things are looking up now and the service is good. Don is the best. Go see them. Eat a hushpuppy. Smile.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,4/9/2014,38,62,2,8,4>It is still the BEST restaurant for Thai food. The change in location has not changed anything except the menu card design, restaurant size and the distance. You can try anything from menu. Almost everything tastes wonderful. My favorites:1.) papaya pog pog (salad): Ask them to make it thai hot with fish sauce. It is awesomely hot and you will need thai tea to get rid of that heat. But it feels great to eat that. You can get it with medium hot or mild (but this is not as fun as Thai hot)2.) Tofu Pad prik3.) Chicken satay4.) Kao pun noodles5.) Kao Soi6.) Sticky rice with mango (dessert)7.)Pineapple fired riceYou MUST go here to eat VERY GOOD Thai food.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/8/2014,89,341,3,8,7>After being turned away from "Elegant Farmer" (booked and no reservations), my daughter and I were in need of a backup plan for a casual, but tasty dinner Wednesday night. We both are huge fans of Sweet Grass, and I had yet to try this more casual sister bar/restaurant that's literally, right next door.  We got there about 8, and though the place was full, there were still a couple of tables left.  Immediately I loved the vibe. Very laid back, but with a nice upscale feel to it as well. A good combo.  We started with a couple of glasses of wine (a decent selection), and a cheese plate that we shared.  I wish I could remember the names of the cheese, but all I can say is that it was all very yummy.  We had three different kinds, along with some toast points and fruit.  Delicious.  For dinner we each had a salad - roasted beet for me and butternut squash and arugula for my daughter.  And then we shared the shrimp and grits - which were amazing - absolutely scrumptious.   I love shrimp and grits and have tried them in several places. Sweet Grass really does a fantastic job.  Definitely try them if you go!All in all I give this place a big thumbs up.  I will definitely go back soon.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/7/2014,275,277,5,4,3>I buy mostly cat, bird and squirrel food here but they have gardening supplies and clothing. So if you need a bale of hay and and a new cowboy hat you don't need to drive to Nashville.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,4/6/2014,100,106,5,7,4>Let me start by saying that I'm not a spa snob. It's not often that I'm able to just sit back and enjoy some "me time" in the spa. However, when I do, I want it to be good. My experience at this Gould's location was a little mixed. My massage therapist, Juliana, was excellent. She identified some issues I didn't even know I had. She gave me a lot of tips on how to stretch and take better care of my trouble spots. She also did a great job of making me feel comfortable and relaxed. She spent several years in medical massage before her move to Gould's, so I felt confident she really knew what she was talking about. If I'm lucky enough to have another massage in the near future, I will definitely be going back to her. What I didn't like about this location was that the massage room felt like I was in a doctor's office. Yes, there was relaxing music, but other than that, I felt like I was at my gyno - minus all the poking and prodding. I wish they had more appropriate lighting and décor. With that being my only real complaint, I would still recommend this Gould's for your pampering needs. The staff was very friendly and welcoming, and the prices were reasonable.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,4/5/2014,83,147,,9,3>How can you not love this place. This restaurant is a  seafood and fish-lover's dream. Talapia, salmon, amberjack, swai, mahi mahi, ahi tuna, shrimp, calamari, crawfish, crab cakes, calm chowder and the list goes on and on. Wheeewww I'm getting hungry again just thinking about all of the options that I have here at Humdingers.When I visited yesterday, I had my usual. I absolutely love the salmon fish topped with crawfish with rice and asparagus. The grilled asparagus is amazing. I can eat their asparagus everyday of the week. What I really enjoy about their entrees are that they are not oily or greasy. They are cooked perfectly and taste excellent. For dessert, I recommend the orea cream cake. It is awesome. I've had it at least 5 times and every time I have it I'm thoroughly satisfied. The service here is fantastic. 5-stars for Humdingers.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,4/4/2014,65,212,3,7,4>How is it possible that I haven't reviewed this place?  Truly, I can't speak to much on the menu, because I rarely get past the lemongrass tofu, which is not a very balanced meal as these things go (it's a giant plate of spicy fried tofu served with white rice), but I just don't care.  The flavors and the perfect cook on the tofu have started wars in my family (usually over who gets the last bite).  This isn't hyperbole - ask my sister-in-law.  I have also had the vegetarian hot and sour soup, which changed my mind about hot and sour soup altogether.  Other vegetable entrees have that nice crisp-cook you can only get with a wok and a nice ratio of sauce-to-tofu-to-vegetables.  I also recently discovered that you can get a BEER at this place, which I didn't realize before and which totally puts the crown on this experience.There is nothing fancy about this place.  It seems clean enough, it's just not what you'd call "cute."  The lighting can either be too dim or glaring, with not much room in between.  But if you're looking for vegetarian nirvana, look no further.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,1/11/2013,180,199,,9,2>I had never been to a drive-in movie until my recent visit to Malco Summer Drive-in on Summer Avenue.  Sure it looks a little run down and the concrete could use some leveling, but most drive-ins around the country have long since closed, yielding to huge movie theaters with cushy stadium seating.  The  Malco Summer Drive-In is a peak in to the mostly forgot days long ago when drive-ins were commonplace establishments.  There 4 screens showing different films.  Each screening is a double feature starting at dusk.  In the summer months, the drive-in is open 7 days a week with the first feature starting at 8:30.  Check the Malco website for current showings and start times.  We arrived a little early, parked in a good spot, and immediately started chatting with the people parked around us.  The film's audio is transmitted via radio signal.  Only one screen uses speakers on posts.  Even though these are mostly current films, as the first movie starts, you can't help but feel like you are experiencing a blast from the past.In between films we visited the concession stand.  They offered a variety items at shockingly reasonable prices.  I saw corn dogs, burgers, nachos, candy, and of course popcorn.  We bought a large bucket of popcorn for under 4 dollars!!  That's a crazy price compared to the big theaters, right?It had been a long day so we didn't make it all the way through the second film.  At 7 bucks a person I still feel like we got our money worth out of the evening. I'm already looking forward to my next visit, This would be a great outing for a family or a group of friends.TIP: Bring your own snacks and maybe a cooler of beverages.  I'm not sure if this is actually "allowed" but we did it, and it appeared that most everyone else did too.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,1/10/2013,36,69,2,3,3>I was excited to learn there was a tapas restaurant here. Being from Chicago, I'm accustomed to Spanish food served at tapas restaurants (even though tapas simply means "small plates").I loved the vibe and style of the restaurant, the fact they have seasonal food and drink options, and a wine flight. We enjoyed all but one plate, and that one plate wasn't bad, but more of just "meh".East Tapas has great happy hour specials, including $1 off small plates. I thought the bacon-wrapped olives were amazing. We also enjoyed the crispy artichokes, white pizza, pork sloppy joes, mac & cheese (with truffles), crispy shrimp and shrimp-stuffed eggplant.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,1/9/2013,10,20,4,5,1>Had dinner here for a second time over the weekend and my initial impressions were confirmed:  this is a charming little midtown bistro with solid food for the money.The in-laws came into town last Friday, and we needed a dinner spot.  The in-laws have lots of unspoken rules when it comes to restaurants:  nothing too pricey, must have traditional sit-down service, the father-in-law needs a meat-and-potatos-type dish, and they can't be pushed too far with an overly exotic or trendy menu.  Cafe 1912 satisfied all of these criteria while still retaining a little edginess to excite the wife and I. We started with an order of mussels for the table.  Actually, following the father-in-law's standard protocol, we ordered everything (drinks, appetizers, and entrees) all at once -- there's nothing like a little embarassment to kick off a meal.  But back to the mussels:  they are fantastic.  It's a generous portion for $12 and the sauce is rich and buttery.  Luckily, they proved a little too exotic for the in-laws, so more for me and the wife.  Yay for conservative midwestern palates.My entree was a special:  Redfish from the Gulf over orzo with andoulle and shrimp.  This type of dish hit on all of my soft spots -- I was beyond excited.  It was good, but maybe not as good as it could have been.  I think the fish was a little overcooked, which made it slightly dry.  My wife had a different fish from the main menu and was very pleased, so I assume that my dish was just an anomaly. Overall, everyone was happy with the food and the service.  Best of all, we had an upscale meal at a mid-level price.  1912 is a place you can go to treat yourself without breaking the bank.  A solid, unpretentious choice.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,1/8/2013,121,288,3,9,5>Before lunch today, I had never had Venezuelan food. Based on my very limited (read: Wikipedia) research I was expecting something approximating Mexican food, but with more sandwiches. That is, at it's core, what an arepa is. It's a cornmeal (or sometimes flour) patty slit like a pita and stuffed with meats, cheese and toppings.We started our lunch with the UFOs from the appetizer menu. They're billed as mini-arepas with sour cream for dipping.They're cute, and they taste like delicious cheesy cornbread mini-donuts.For lunch, I had the chicken salad arepa. The arepa was stuffed with a Venezuelan take on chicken salad that was good, but not quite what I was expecting. It had a slightly sweet, coleslaw-ish tang, and came with chopped peppers, peas, shredded chicken and apples. I think I may have tasted a potato in there, but I'm not certain.Next time, though, I'm going to follow my friend John's example and get one of the fried plantain sandwiches. It came with shredded pork, lettuce, tomatoes and the same slaw that my arepa had sandwiched hoagie-style between two fried plantains.For those who remember Burly's (the buildings former tenant), the space looks totally different than it did when it was a bright red burger joint. The outside of the building is now gleaming white with a cute little patio, and the inside has been classed up a little bit so that it feels more like a casual restaurant than a diner.The food at Arepa and Salsa is inexpensive - most of the dishes come in under $10. They're open for lunch and dinner, and when I was there, the service was friendly and efficient. As a bonus, their Facebook page says that they're offering salsa lessons in the restaurant on Fridays so that you can learn some sweet moves.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,1/7/2013,197,116,9,9,8>I'm not typically an ice cream fan. In my mind, ice cream is the condiment of deserts, much like bacon is a condiment on EVERYTHING else. I typically like my ice cream on top of pie, or sandwiched between cookies, but La Michoacana has converted me. Located in a nondescript strip mall on Summer Ave, La Michoacana reminds me of Charlie's amazement when he first enters the Chocolate factory. They don't have Oompa Loompas running around (that would be pretty awesome, though), but they just have SOOOOOOOO many choices. At the front of the store they have Popsicles. Water based or cream based? Chocolate covered or regular? Nuts or plain? The choices abound. And that's just the Popsicles. At the other end of the store they have buckets of ice cream that you can order with the same accouterments if you want. This isn't that vanilla (pun intended) ice cream, either. We're talking Pine Nut, Mexican Cake, Rum Raisin, Coconut, Key lime pie or Pistachio flavors. These flavors may not sound delicious, but don't worry; La Michoacana excels at making second-tier ice cream flavors into first tier ice cream celebrations. For you non-adventurous/purist types, La Michoacana usually rotates a "regular" (cookies and cream, for example) flavor into the mix as well. The Strawberry Cheesecake ice cream is maybe one of the best things I've ever tasted. (And I'm fat, so I'm kinda the authority on eating things.) They also offer other Latin-style street food, but I have yet to try any of it. If you are worried about the pressure of ordering here, don't be. The staff behind the counter is able and willing to explain everything to you and give you copious samples as well. Everything in the store is made fresh, and in house. The serving sizes are ludicrously sized. A single serving of ice cream is probably 2 or 2.5 servings at a place like Baskin Robbins, and will only set you back about $2.50, too.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,1/6/2013,49,41,3,5,4>This is one of my new favorite Memphis establishments. Their menu, in all its uniqueness, consists of dishes made of locally grown/made ingredients. So, when you dine there, know that you're supporting farmers and local businesses. Give yourself a pat on the back, you good citizen, you!Last time I went, I had a PB&J during lunch. Oh no, this was not your mother's PB&J, guys. This sammich consists of pecan butter that is made in-house paired with preserves. I had dreams about this PB&J for days after I sunk my teeth into it. Call me weird, but you won't understand until you eat it. It also came with two sides: carrots and ranch, and homemade sweet potato chips. The sides were a cute spin on the lunches a stereotypical mother would make for her child before he goes off to school, minus the brown lunchbag. I felt very much like a fancy kid. Oh, and the chef, Mac Edwards, is very kind and serves on the board of the Memphis Farmer's Market. Nothing better than frequenting an establishment whose owner really makes himself known in the community. Go to the Elegant Farmer. Support your local farmers and businesses.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,1/5/2013,18,66,2,3,1>I must say, the set up at Cheffie's is what makes the place so great. You walk in to the restaurant and can either order from the menu or build your own salad or sandwich. It's pretty brilliant, this build your own meal deal. It reminded me of subway, in that respect, and I really appreciated that.Being a Cheffie's first-timer, I ordered off the menu. I got the chicken Caesar salad, and it was delicious. Their croutons have an almost southwestern taste. I would love to take a bag of those home.As a newby I watched, half impressed, half irritated, as the girl in front of me made her own salad. Although she spent forever getting 47 different toppings on handfuls of lettuce (and for that she should be kicked), she made a damn good looking salad. I was so impressed. Build your own salad or sandwich with whatever you please? Sign me up.Cheffie's also has surprisingly fresh ingredients to make said salads and sandwiches. I will definitely going back and make my own delicious meal (without taking over 5 minutes). Kudos, Cheffie's.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/4/2013,13,3,,2,1>Central is just consistently great.  There are so many great places to grab BBQ in Memphis and after living in many cities around the country I can tell you there is no other city that does it as well.Though there are many places I like to eat BBQ around town I like Central the best.  The prices are reasonable and the food is always great.  Their beer selection is much better than most places as well.If you are passing through Memphis or live here and are looking for a new place, Central BBQ is the place to go.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,1/2/2013,43,104,,7,1>This former Californian says, "YES!" As good as any taco shop in Cali. Trust me, this is a "SOCAL" authentic. The food is great, the place is clean and the staff is welcoming. They have an awesome little salsa bar. Their torta (heavy of the jalapeño) and burritos are awesome. On Friday/Saturday...off-the-hook tamales! Off the beaten path and worth a visit! I work around the corner and look forward to eating there at least once a week.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/1/2013,34,20,2,5,4>Great!  Everything about this place is great!  It's the kind of restaurant Memphis has been missing.  I know, I know--it's not Memphis, it's Cordova.  Get over it.  This place is worth the trip, again and again.  Great, fresh salads with house made vinaigrette.  Lovely wine list.  Reasonable prices.  Great outdoor AND indoor seating. Service was excellent.  I had the fried grouper sandwich with fries last time--two words.  Kosher salt.  These people are doing a great job on the details that count.  It's food with heart.  The fish on the sandwich was excellent, so was the bread, so was the pickle on the sandwich, and so was the remoulade.  Everyone at our table raved about their food.  We'll be back again and again!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,5/6/2013,961,900,12,11,10>When moving to a new city, friends would usually give you recommendations on places to go to.  One of the places that kept coming up in conversation would be Gus's.  I think also a while back, I saw a piece on this place on TV- or maybe I am going crazy.Thankfully on Wednesday, my boss let me come into work a little later, so I had time to kill.  I was in a chicken mood, so off to Gus's I went.  I took 240 to 55 until it turned into Riverside, and it was easy from there.  This was my first time I had been in this area, so I was hoping it would be easy to find.  For the most part, it was.  I finally arrived, and was surprised to see a parking lot next to it chained up.  So I found a place on the street to park in, and thankfully it didn't get towed.When I arrived, I was greeted, and was told to sit wherever- so I sat right in front, facing the TV.  As I was viewing the menu, I was amazed how low all the prices were.  I ended up getting fried green tomatoes for an app and a 4 tender plate with collards and fries.  It took a minute to actually get served, but my server Will quickly rectified the situation.  He was very friendly.  Oh yea, I got some sweet tea to drink too, that was damn good. I even got to keep the cup!Waiting on my food, I liked the charm the place had- the white tile walls, all of the flair, and the southern hospitality.  It looked like everyone was enjoying their meal. This made me salivate for my food even more.  The tomatoes arrived, and I tell you what- they were damn good!  Cooked well, but not scorching hot.  The batter was awesome, and it even came with ranch.  Not being a fan of ranch, adding it gave it another dimension of flavor.  And then the plate of tenders came.  For $6.60, I couldn't believe how big they were!  Those were the biggest tenders I have ever had, and it was probably some of the best chicken I have ever had.  never in my life have I eaten tenders and have the juice run down my chin.  I was proud of it too.  It had a crunch like I had never had before.  In the section "My last meal on earth" on my profile had Curly's fried tenders from ATL, but this may have taken the title.I haven't been the same since, and I have been having some odd dreams.  If only Gus's were open right now, I would probably get a plate or 2!  I can see now why this place is so popular!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,5/5/2013,391,293,4,4,4>Awesome service that keeps meComing back! Very good pasta and anytimeI have asked them to add additional items to my pasta such as sausage or shrimp they have willingly. Great wine selections and atmosphere. In my opinion chains get overlooked a lot but this Macaroni Grill stands out and has exceptional food.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,5/4/2013,144,165,4,9,6>This really is a hidden gem, and I would have never found it on my own without Yelp. Sandwiches, burgers and salads, nothing on the menu is over $7, and your order of sandwich or burger comes with a side of homemade soup, or potato salad or chips. Seeing that their burgers got some rave reviews, I ordered the Vegetarian Panini with a small bowl of chicken vegetable soup (soup of the day) and was very happy with the flavors and quality of ingredients. What's more, I felt like being in an artsy yet down-to-earth and hospitable friend's spacious living room, with paintings all over the walls to look at up close, books on the shelves to thumb through and no pressure to leave, at least not until closing time (8pm).  Not your ordinary sandwich/coffee shop, great overall value, and for a good cause. See you there.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,5/3/2013,289,203,3,7,2>We enjoyed the whole experience here. We started with the Duck Confit flatbread. It was bigger than I expected and it had argyle leaves and goat cheese on it. Our server was very friendly and he told us about the wonderful specials going on and we decided to get a cocktail and our meal. I ordered the Chicken Tortellini and my bf ordered the Pork Temderloin. The meal was soooo good. I wish I could have went to the kitchen and hugged the chefs! I would definitely go back again. The ambience is quite romantic for dinner and I like it.  Keep in mind I went on a Monday nigh during the winter time so we got in with no problem. In the summer service isn't as attentive bc the place is always packed.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,5/2/2013,79,111,,8,5>Dixie Queen is one of those Memphis establishments that brings me back to my childhood.  When I was younger, my mom and I used to go to the Dixie Queen on Mt. Moriah to get a burger, fries, and freeze.  We would eat inside and then head next door where there was a super awesome Putt Putt course.  It had giant replicas of zoo animals, windmills, the whole bit.I do not frequent Dixie Queen as much any more, but every so often I have to stop in and get my freeze fix.  That is what I had to do recently.  I was in the area and made an instant decision to go through the drive through.  I ordered an orange freeze.The freezes are just as good as I remember them as a kid.  They are not icy at all, and they are not too liquidy either.  They have that perfect consistency and are bursting with flavor.  I don't know exactly how to describe what a freeze is.  It's a lot like a milkshake, but kind of like a smoothie. There is really nothing else like it.  You just need to try it for yourself.For the record, the burgers and fries are really good for a fast food restaurant.  If you are going to eat fast food, I would definitely opt for this instead of any national burger chain.  The food is especially good at 3:00am on your way home. I found out about their late hours as a young adult and was thrilled.The staff is usually super friendly too.  They always have smiles on their faces and are willing to chat it up with you.The only downside: Don't come here if you are in a hurry.  They will take forever and make you late. Guaranteed. Every time.  There were four cars in front of me at the drive through, and I didn't leave Dixie Queen for over 15 minutes.  I could have gotten food faster at a sit down restaurant.  However, if you have the time to hang out, it is worth the wait.From my experience, Dixie Queen is one of those places that is never talked about, but an establishment most Memphis know and love.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,5/1/2013,88,190,2,4,2>This is one of our family's favorite place to hang. The older kids are avid readers & can spend hours reading here while baby plays on the Thomas the train table. Free wifi too so my husband & I will either read or browse the Internet. Has a Starbucks inside too. Always organized & bathrooms are very clean.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,4/30/2013,72,12,,2,1>There is a reason I'm the Duchess here :)Sweet Cece's is always a fun escape from hot Memphis days (heck, I even go in the winter). Bright colors, seasonal flavors, and a clean environment.I like Yolo too, but their setup is not as clean and spacious as Sweet Cece's. Yolo's yogurt is also not as good. Sweet Cece's yogurt is consistently more sophisticated in flavor and texture. The one thing that Yolo has is a dedicated customer base that packs the place late at night. Sweet Cece's doesn't have that vibe, but I think that's because of the location.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,4/29/2013,46,87,,2,1>I had a variety of AAS cakes at Soul Fish Cafe' in Midtown. Banana, Strawberry, Caramel, and Coconut. Banana was HANDS DOWN the BEST I've ever tasted.Moist cake. Creamy Frosting. Absolutely decadent!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,4/28/2013,111,135,2,3,2>SO GOOD!  I honestly was surprised...I've heard many reviews of this place that range from both ends of the spectrum...but I was impressed.The food is extremely expensive, though.  It's a tapas bar, of sorts, but the items on the menu are exorbitant in price, if you ask me.They have a NY bartender come in and create new cocktails for them every couple of months...and they organize their cocktail menu by how strong the cocktail is...but, believe me, even their 'lightweight' cocktails are meant to knock you out.Staff is friendly, albeit young.  But I enjoyed the place overall.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/27/2013,65,178,3,6,3>As I drove to DeJavu, the old Elvis tune "In the Ghetto" started playing in my head.  (Really, being a true Memphis girl, the neighborhood wasn't that scary.)  When I walked in the door, I felt like I was supposed to flash my girls or yell "throw me something Mister!"  When I took the first bite, I felt like I had died and gone to foodie heaven, otherwise known as New Orleans. To be more specific, I had the tilapia with crawfish and shrimp cream sauce, candied yams and fried cabbage. It was all good. I will say I've never known anyone to fry cabbage like that. It wasn't just white oily mush. It was perfect. My hubby had crawfish étouffée, and I'm so jealous of their roux!  It was dark and rich and there was plenty of it. The same for my son's gumbo, which did have a whole crab in it. The service did not disappoint!  The chef came out to greet the customers, and I proudly showed him the roux burns on my arm for roux that wasn't anywhere near as dark and rich as his. We chatted for a minute and he told us his mother taught him to cook.  When he was growing up in NOLA, he cooked for his siblings while she worked. We are all lucky for that because that man can cook can cook up some authentic Cajun food!We finished our entrees off with a bread pudding that rivals any restaurant in New Orleans. My son had bananas foster, which was actually served in a wine glass. It wasn't lit on fire at our table, but was still the authentic recipe.The price, it can't be beat!  Less than $70 for 4 entrees and 2 desserts. I like to think that when I die, I'll get into heaven. Now I haven't been good enough to earn a palace. I'll probably just be stuck in a little shack in the back by the storm clouds, but my shack will be full of great food and beer, and good friends. This is exactly what DeJavu reminded me of.  Thank you Yelpers for turning me onto to this little corner of heaven in da ghetto!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,6/2/2014,36,117,,6,4>A gem in the Memphis restaurant landscape. Tucked away in a small neighborhood, valet parking at the door of a  house converted to restaurant, and a great hostess are all a piece of the inviting nature of the place. The preferred location to eat is up at the bar with regulars, and to order "what's special tonight?" The cocktails are creative and well done (despite sometimes a bit of a novice can be behind the bar), the wine selection is very good, and the food is excellent. Erling is an unassuming and quiet gentlemen who will come through the restaurant regularly to ask how your meal is. Most people don't realize he's the chef/owner, as he is typically dressed in dark colors like the rest of his kitchen and waitstaff. He is creative in the culinary offerings that are on the menus, and despite the fact that you'll pay a bit more here than most places in Memphis, you'll also get quite a lot more. Enjoy!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,6/1/2014,3,28,3,3,2>I recently fell in love with this place during my first visit. The stars aligned and I had a wonderful breakfast with a very friendly waitress. I cannot wait to eat there again. First the Biscuits and gravy blew my mind. At first bite I was like "WTF is this?" by second bite I couldn't get enough. This is not your usual gravy. Initially I was put off because it has a distinct cajun taste that reminded me of crawfish....but it works, and it works well. I will say that this was the best biscuits and gravy I have ever had. The bacon....incredible apple smoked, thick sliced pieces of heaven. Hash browns, cooked crisp just as I like them, western omelet...very tasty! The service was prompt and down to earth...I just love it when a waitress calls me baby :) If I was to find something to take issue with it would be that the coffee was luke warm. Not just once but for all 3 refills. The ambiance is very cool. I will return, and I will return often. I surely love Bryants Breakfast but the long lines, crowded dining room get old sometimes.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/31/2014,114,317,3,10,4>This particular review is for the lounge. When I read about the hamburger offered in the lounge of Folk's Folly in Friday's Go Memphis "Best Bets", I filed it away as something to mention to my husband. He loves burgers. He loves Folks Folly. He loves the piano music in the lounge. Ladies, you know that men usually like it best when something is their idea, so I casually mentioned it last night as we were driving to another restaurant. I could almost visually see his ears perk up. "We can go there instead, if you want to", he said. Sounds good to me! A quick call confirmed that there was an empty table, so we drove straight past our previously planned restaurant and right to the complimentary valet at Folks Folly. (Especially nice, as it was raining and they had an umbrella!)We settled in to a comfortable table near the piano and enjoyed a round of drinks and some fried pickles. (delightful!)  We shared a wedge salad (split in the kitchen) and the burger with shoestring fries. I don't think either of us finished half of our half, it was so big! Very flavorful and I loved the Gruyere cheese. The atmosphere was lively and the piano was nice, playing a mixture of current hits and old favorites. The burger is only offered on Fridays and Saturdays and is ground in-house from steak scraps, so you can safely order as you like it. (We got ours medium) It should definitely be on your list to try for great burgers in Memphis!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/30/2014,16,41,5,8,4>If GQ names a restaurant one of the 12 most outstanding of 2013, you'll probably assume it's extremely expensive and that some of the menu items might as well be written in a long forgotten, ancient language. Well.... that is where you'd be wrong about Hog & Hominy. It is incredibly affordable, a great place to bring a date/ out of towners/ anyone, and the food makes me believe in miracles more than the Miracle on Ice.I went here for dinner during a Friday thunderstorm for the first time, and was shocked to see how crowded it was given the weather. The only slight negative about Hog & Hominy is that finding parking is a bit tricky, and you may end up parking a ways down the street and/ or in a spot that has no parking signs in the lot. That being said, the wait for a table was only about 10 minutes, and worth every second. Also, the staff is incredibly friendly and knows the menu well (plus they are all wearing flannel, if you're into that kind of thing). This is a fantastic place to go and split a couple different items, especially since I wanted to try as many things on the menu as possible. We ended up getting a red eye pizza, brussel sprouts, and biscuit gnocchi. We also ordered some fantastic local beers that I've yet to see offered at any other restaurants, and I was excited to try a new Ghost River and Wiseacre beer. The food comes out quickly and piping hot, and you can actually see where all the food is prepared as they have an open kitchen. I think seeing where/ how your food is prepared certainly gives you more confidence about the quality of the food, as well as increasing your appetite for the mind-blowing food you are about to consume. I've never been more blown away by vegetables than I was by their brussel sprouts. Seriously, I could've ate several orders of them by myself, but out of courtesy to my date I decided I should exhibit some sharing. You'll find that in true Memphis style, a lot of their dishes feature pork (or "Hog") in some way. I am certainly not complaining, but it is something vegetarians and vegans may want to be wary of. Besides the glorious brussel sprouts, the biscuit gnocchi and red eye were also awe inspiring. The biscuit gnocchi fits in very well with their goal of 'Italian Cooking with a Southern Drawl' and my goal of eating things that make my face melt into a smiley face emoji. The Red Eye pizza is perfect for sharing, and is the best pizza I've had in Memphis thus far, and that's no disrespect to Aldo's.  I'm honestly not sure what I would say to a person who didn't love Hog & Hominy. I think I'd just shake my head, and assume that person has suspect character and/ or taste bud abnormalities.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,5/29/2014,39,320,,6,2>Here we go -- another one of the boyfriend's favorite ethnic joints.  It took a LOT of convincing for me to agree to try Los Comales...but it was really good!Now, this is real Mexican food, no American-style Chipotle here.  I glanced at the menu, but got overwhelmed by the pages of options and pictures, so just let the boyfriend choose for me.  I've tried the shrimp "cocktail" (more like a gazpacho) and the grilled ribs.  Both were amazing!!  I stuffed my face, licked my fingers, and was glad they give you extra napkins.Service is decent -- English varies, but they try, and they seem to kind of care.  The boyfriend asked about a dish he saw someone else eating, and the server was able to point it out on the menu and describe it for him.  They have pretty good chips and salsa too, and plenty of hot sauces for the boyfriend to choose from.So, while I was extremely skeptical at first, I'm really glad I gave Los Comales a try -- you should too!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/28/2014,24,61,,4,2>Today was the first decently sunny day in three months, and I decided to go out for a jog with my friend. I have a bad habit of forgetting to caffeine-it-up on the weekend and getting headaches due to my normal work week addiction. As I trotted, er, jogged past Otherlands, I thought it would be best to go ahead and get my caffeine fix now than to let a headache come on by afternoon.So I go in, and immediately feel out of place because I look like a dorky sportsed-up tourist amidst all the hipstery clientele -- but that's okay, because diversity is a good thing, and since I'm pushing 30 I better start embracing my dorkiness.I asked the barista if I should get the Soy Vanilla Freeze (I'd had that before -- it's okay) or the Soy Mocha Freeze -- and which one is better. He recommended the Mocha Freeze, and I went with that. Pretty good choice! I got my espresso fix, and the drink wasn't too sweet. Just right. I walked home, sipping this nice drink in hand, and enjoying the sunshine.I totally canceled out my efforts from jogging, but it was kinda worth it.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,5/27/2014,897,149,1,5,6>We came in for a late lunch / happy hour.  Danise waited on us and she was a delight.  We had onion rings and cheese burger sliders - both were good.The onion rings were crispy and hot.  The sliders were tasty with caramelized onions.  Danise added tomatoes to the sliders which took them up a notch.My wife loves the atmosphere and music - makes her think she is on vacation.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,5/26/2014,20,188,,3,3>My favourite pizza place in town. Their pizza is great, the closest to New York pizza you'll get in this part of town. The crust is thin enough, they give you enough cheese, and the toppings are in proportion. Perfection.They have lots of variety, too! Don't just stick with the pizza. Their garlic knots are amazing. The calzones are wonderful (though I echo previous comments to get an extra cup of sauce because the calzones are huuuuuuge). Their cheesesteaks are awesome! Great spaghetti, too. Next on my list to try is their chicken parm which I'm sure will be delicious.Another tip is they have coupons on their website for various specials and discounts. If you haven't seen any circulars lately, just hop on their site and print one out. No sense in paying full price for something if you don't have to!The service here is always outstanding, too. I've been coming here for ages and have never had anyone be rude to me or even had a wrong order. It's amazing. The staff turnover is very low, too. The employees there have pretty much been there for ages, which to me is a sign that management treats their employees right and that the staff know what they're doing.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/25/2014,30,107,,6,2>Very good baby back ribs!I like coming here, although is a very busy place and we had to wait about an hr on a Saturday night, but for lunch is not that crowded and the food is very tasty.They have a lot of awards along the place and you bet they deserve them all!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/24/2014,74,30,3,6,4>I crave Gus', which is saying a lot because I didn't like fried chicken until I tried theirs. My favorite is the dark meat. Moist and tender, remarkably not greasy. The sides are no big deal in my opinion, but I do love their French fries. My husband and I order the eight piece snack with large French fries so we have leftovers to snack on. It's a bit loud in the restaurant for me, not really relaxing. We started ordering on the phone and taking it home. They give you packets of Crystal hot sauce, which I love to douse the chicken in. It was here I also discovered that Hunts ketchup is way better than Heinz. Best fried chicken I've ever had.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,10/30/2013,28,127,,3,1>This is a higher end rustico-style Italian eatery on the edge of Midtown and Germantown just off Poplar in the restaurant loop. If you're looking for Italian-American this is not your place. No spaghetti or lasagna platters here.The owners also operate the more family friendly (and lower priced) Hog and Hominy (where you'll find the pizza and lasagna) across the street, cooking for both. Looking for a nice meal my wife and another couple had a wonderful five course meal tonight. Pros; nice mid-range wine list which the staff paired brilliantly with the food. They did an ad-hoc vegetarian tasting for my meat-free friend while his wife had the meat-in variation to order. All the courses were great and we were informed that with 24 hours notice the staff LOVE to do more elaborate and not a la carte tastings. That being said they picked and poached baby cauliflower just for his meal which was a great personal touch. Deserts were wonderful and we couldn't help but share around the table.Cons; These seem almost picky... but the small amount of  parking fills up very quickly and as our meal took almost five hours (to the tune of nearly $450 for the four of us) we were actually asked to hurry it along a bit after we paid so they could seat another group by the main female hostess. It's a little thing but it was about the only off-key note on a great night. We'll certainly be back.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,10/29/2013,6,11,,4,>I consider the Brushmark to be poor man's Acre, the much pricier East Memphis restaurant. My only complaint is that the service is completely dependent on who you get; some of the servers are excellent and others are sub par. The space is beautiful with an amazing patio overlooking Overton Park.The only meal that I can review is Sunday brunch. That being said, I have had Sunday brunch here at least once a month for the past few years. Their omelettes and quiche are always full of quality ingredients done in great combos. The menu changes about once per season, which is nice for variety without having to worry that the kitchen is constantly having to learn something new. The biscuits that come with brunch are awesome as is the house coffee. I love that you can get a salad (house or ceasar) as opposed to the home fries...it makes the cheddar bacon omelette seem a tad less indulgent. Other stand outs for me have been the peanut soup, the minted pea soup, the special crepes (changes weekly), and the mini bagel with goat cheese and smoked salmon. After brunch, be sure to check out the museum and gift shop. Brooks is a true Memphis treasure as is all of Overton Park. They regularly rotate their own collection as well as bring in wonderful exhibits from elsewhere.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,10/28/2013,110,37,2,5,3>Republic is one of my favorite places to go for coffee and to work on my laptop. I've come here several times and worked for 2-5 hours with no rush and no glares from anyone. The servers always refill coffee and water, and I always make sure to tip them well. I've gotten the chocolate chip muffins and several of their bagel sandwiches, and they are always great. If you are looking for a place to work/enjoy coffee or lunch this is it.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,10/27/2013,897,149,5,9,7>We arrived around 3:00 pm and sat on the patio (upper deck).  Rae was our server and did a good job.  She was a little forward and I can see someone taking the behavior as rude - I accept most people just the way they are.We got guacamole.  It came with flour tortilla chips - a plus as far as I'm concerned.  We also added Salsa to the order of Guacamole - maybe that is why we got so many chips.  I think most would consider the guacamole and salsa a little under-seasoned but I was good with it.  You could tell they were both very fresh - I can always add salt.My Ahi Taco was also fresh but cooked to medium - would have preferred seared rare.  My wife's Chicken Quesadilla very good - this is an item that could be shared by two people (she took 3 of four slices home).  Both entrees were fresh and hot.I did try their Margarita - again fresh flavors but seemed to lack Tequila and was somewhat watery.  (Note:  I'm not a Margarita expert)The patio was nice and that moved this visit from 3 stars to 4 stars.  Our lunch ran just over $50 with four beverages.  We will come back but as to overall value, this is on the pricier side of Mexican in Memphis.Added comments:  I worked Mexico for a number of years - the food here reminds me of Northern Baja.  It only lacked a bowl of Limes and Jalapeños.  Also, hot sauce on the table would be nice.  Thank God they did NOT over-salt things - I've been getting too much of that lately.As for our server, it's MidTown, celebrate some of the personalities here - don't say Rude - some are just Edgy.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/26/2013,21,14,3,5,3>I love Alcehmy.  It is the perfect speical treat for a nice night out.  It is hard to find a seat sometimes, however, and when this happens you usually have to sit at the tables in the back left of the restaurant which are really boring unless you have a big group.  I mean, I love to people watch, and that area is just not the prime location for such a great people watching venue like Alchemy.  The pimento cheese sliders and rock shrimp and chorizo mac and cheese are both delicious.  The cocktails are amazing, I love both the Sparkling Pear and the Oh Clementine but they are on the lighter side.  I can't wait to try more.  They also seem to change their food menu up quite a bit, so that is fun and keeps you coming back.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,10/25/2013,192,191,7,4,3>Why aren't there more reviews for this place? Is it because it's located in the haven?Well, I don't care. I frequent this joint literally almost every Sunday. This place is THE BEST. The hot sign seems like it's always on!! And the donuts are freaking delicious. I can't comment on anything that's NOT ORIGINAL GLAZED. But if there's nothing better than original glazed at kk. I love this place. So come here. Bring your own milk or buy some while you engorge in a delicious box of 1 dozen original glazed kk donuts. And then feel bad about yourself later on, but in the moment it's the best thing to ever happen to you.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,10/23/2013,87,274,5,4,3>There's a new wine bar (I think Memphis's only) in downtown Memphis.  It's more than a wine bar, though.  It's wine AND cupcakes.  I thought you paired wine with cheese, but this pairing goes just as well.  One thing I noticed about the menu is that you can get a small pour of wine, a glass, or a bottle.  I am interested in going back and trying several wines, especially the more expensive ones that I have always wanted to try but never wanted to order a bottle.  They also have kegged wines, which are $2.50 off during happy hour, which is Monday - Friday from 4pm - 8pm.  They had live music on Friday, when I went.  It's a nice chic atmosphere.  You can spend as much or as little really.  They have sweet and savory cupcakes.  I didn't try a savory cupcake yet; I will next time.  I'm not sure how big the savory ones are.  I wonder if they're filling enough for a meal.I ordered the carrot cake cupcake.  They are very flavorful.  They are also not too big.  I'm actually a fan of mini desserts.  I rarely want a huge piece of cake.  They have a display case, and on the other side, you can watch the chef at work.  I went during zombie walk.  Every year in downtown there's a zombie march.  I'm not sure if they're marching for rights or brains.  We also had very attentive service.  So... who wants to go with me for a savory cupcake??
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,10/22/2013,391,293,2,3,3>Clayton-Mefford-Dental is an amazing dental office. State of the art facility and they are members of the American Dental Association.  They have huge flat screen televisions that show you a diagram of your teeth. If this is not enough, get your fix of television while getting your teeth cleaned.  They branched out from Appling Dental and now have an office in Germantown. In my past ten years of visiting their practice, I have had great oral care! In my past experience visiting other dental offices, I was told I needed work done that did not necessarily need to be done it was a way to charge me more. At Clayton-Mefford-Dental they genuinely want to take care of you as a patient. If you are not insured they have a special for teeth cleaning only $39.00. It ends the end of October so come in soon! If you are looking for a new dental office, Clayton-Mefford-Dental is the best dental office in Memphis!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,10/21/2013,38,62,9,12,10>1.) Finally, I experienced THE BEST ice cream place in Memphis and guess what, it is HOME-MADE. Yes!!!2.) You will get so much ice-cream for $4 that you might not be able to finish it, if you had lunch/dinner before visiting this place. It is 100% value for money.3.) They also served exotic flavors for popsicles like chilli and watermelon :)4.) Flavors I recommend :Cookies and CreamRum and raisinsPine nutCornChocolate Mint and many more5.) They do not label the ice-creams as other places do. I asked them the reason. I liked their reasoning. They said, when it is not labeled they get to interact more with the customers and get to know their opinions/expressions. I found this very interesting. 6.) YOU MIGHT WANT TO  TELL BYE-BYE TO BEN & JERRYS, BASKIN & ROBINS AND OTHER ICECREAM PLACES. I am serious!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/20/2013,76,63,1,4,3>The best cupcakes on the planet....they seriously melt in your mouth! There is no way to eat just one. If you are craving a sweet, go there and buy a dozen.Favorites:Prozac- chocolate on chocolate Grasshopper- mint on chocolate Red velvet- cream cheese icing on red velvet
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,10/10/2014,30,46,4,4,4>I gave this place a shot and was really impressed with the coffee and treats.I loved the decor. What would you call it? Hmm...earthy mod? Woodsy shag pad? The staff was really eager to please.  We all got exactly what we wanted. They don't have a full kitchen like the original, because of building restrictions, BUT don't be dismayed. There's plenty on the menu.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,10/9/2014,31,74,7,10,4>Here's all you need to know about this place: THEY CHOP UP AND MIX YOUR SALAD FOR YOU. We have all just been going around acting like we're fine with having to chop up and mix up our own salads at restaurants. I am not fine with it! Lettuce Eat is life-changing.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/8/2014,52,299,2,4,6>I really like this place. It's big enough to hold a large number of people, has a decent sized kitchen, and it just pretty. My only complaint is that they only have one bathroom for each gender. One. What kind of party place has one bathroom?! Anyway, it was a cute place.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/7/2014,52,53,1,3,5>Everything I have heard is TRUE!  Yummy!!! We had the kingfish platter which included catfish, oysters & shrimp all fried. Lightly battered and served with a smile! I started off with the crawfish etouffee which was very creamy and topped out with crawfish! The gumbo was good but could have used a bit more "seafood". Last but not least. .. deep fried strawberries... maybe I should have started with this first but wow. Strawberries dipped in pancake batter smothered with whip cream and drizzled with chocolate. . Need I say more???
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2014,10/6/2014,10,106,6,4,3>So! Being a health nut, this spot was never really on my list to go to but when you have a wife who loves eating out?! You roll with the punches and thank God I did. This cool dive is notorious for using the same filtered grease from almost 100 years ago - Don't panic- it's perfectly ok. I broke down and had the burger and fries and it didn't fail. Didn't try the deep fried twinkies. What?  Are you crazy?! I can't allow nor afford it to take away my weight loss lifestyle but the wife did and she loved it. This place is cool!!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/5/2014,46,37,4,4,3>YELP strikes again.  No way I would have found this place without my trusty Yelp machine.  The 4.5 Star rating got me in the parking lot and in the door.  Followed up with delicious blackened chicken sliders, blueberry bbq sauce (seriously), and Onion Rings.  Just a cool local place that will have you feeling the Mojo.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2014,10/4/2014,38,198,5,4,4>Great food, painful service. We checked out this place at 5:15 on a Wed evening based on Yelp reviews...it was a little hole in the wall in a strip mall in Cordova. It was about half full. The menu was promising...a lot of classic Cantonese dishes on the "Chinese" menu...we placed our order and waited...and waited...and waited. OMG...it was 40 minutes from the time we placed our order til the time our soup first showed up. Thank goodness it was worth the wait...we couldn't really be mad at our server...she was very nice and had to cover the entire dining room and all takeout orders...boy what a business. There must have been 12 takeout orders that came in and out before we got our food. What was interesting was that it seemed the kitchen makes everything to order one table at a time...so inefficient but the food was great. Even the soup, a nice version of seafood tofu soup, tasted made to order with a generous amount of seafood freshly poached so it was not overdone, and tender strands of egg. The beef with chinese greens (gai lan) was perfectly done...the chinese broccoli was tender and crispy and the beef nicely done. Peking pork was nice and fatty, and most importantly not overdone  giving a great flavor with the sweet and sour sauce. Scallops with black bean sauce were, perhaps, coated a bit too generously with rice flour, but were cooked to tender perfection and were quite addictive. The only fail for the evening was the pan-fried noodles with chicken...an uninspired pile of under seasoned chow mein noodles, bland chicken, and limp veggies.Lots of reviewers have compared this place to New Asia, and one even speculated the chef came over from New Asia...I can believe it. I much prefer this place to New Asis...for one, I am sick of the sour manager at New Asia...mostly, the quality of the food has really gone down at New Asia. This place is cheaper, friendlier, and tastier. If only they could serve you better.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,10/3/2014,127,77,5,5,5>I've been to a few MM before, and each individually owned franchise has it's own little quirks.  The food menu is the same, so nothing out of the ordinary.  What makes this place good is the huge patio with heaters if needed.  The large bar with flat screen TVs perfect for watching the game.  Great beer prices, and an awesome house cocktail menu selection!  Great for large groups to kick back on the covered patio to enjoy the weather.  Now if only there were some TVs outside!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2014,10/2/2014,33,56,3,3,4>I met a friend here for dinner and decided to sit on the bar side since we weren't that hungry. It was very lively and kinda packed for a Monday night! The bar tables are perfect for a quick dinner or an evening of cocktails and conversation and the menu is the same as the restaurant side. I had one of the evening's specials -  arugula salad with goat cheese and grilled peaches, and added grilled chicken - it was delicious. I haven't had a salad that tasty in a long time. I recommend the fig bruschetta as well - talk about flavor!Looking forward to another night at this place, and to trying a full dinner!  4 stars for food taste, presentation, variety and service.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/1/2014,256,60,1,5,7>Great service, great atmosphere, delectable food!Grab your laptop and enjoy the patio. The menu is mainly brunch-like. They even have Coke in the bottle. It's a great place for people with a sweet tooth.  Lots of pastries. I highly recommend the Croque Norvegien hot sandwich: Salmon, Gruyère cheese and Dijon mustard. Delicious!!#Yelp901
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,3/24/2013,3,9,,1,1>My husband and I ate at Casablanca for lunch on Wednesday. It was our first time there and we really enjoyed it. I had the Chicken Shewarma Pita and he had the Talapia. Both were excellent. The gentleman who appeared to be the owner was going around making sure everyone was pleased with the food... Nice place!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/23/2013,58,103,,5,2>I was leaving Target in Southaven when I saw a "new" overstock/discount house.  I love this genre of store.  Like most other stores in this genre, Costless Outlets' products fall into two categories: A) really good deals B) stuff that makes me look at the price tag twice because it is full retail value.Good stuff they had when I went today: The deluxe Crock-Pot with digital timer for less than $30.  Ink Cartridges for my printer, 3 for $25.  6 jumbo rolls of TP for $3.50.I take these and other purchases to the register, and ask the cashier, "So how long have you guys been here?"  He says 4 years.  Really?  I had no idea.  I've driven past it countless times.Based on the merchandise in stock today, I would assume at least 75% comes from Costco.Don't expect to find anything in particular-  Enjoy the unexpected.  I'll be back soon.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2012,3/22/2013,10,20,4,7,5>Do yourself a favor and get a muffaletta.  My love affair with the muffaletta is relatively new.  In fairness to me, they don't really exist in St. Louis (where I lived until a year and a half ago).  In fairness to St. Louis, maybe I wasn't looking for them.  St. Louis and Memphis are only separated by about 280 miles of Interstate 55 (and, therefore, the same stretch of the Mississippi River) but, culturally, they are worlds apart.  St. Louis is midwestern with heavy European ethnic influences.  St. Louisians eat Italian food on the Hill, drink German beer from a myriad of local brewers, and put "product" in their spiked up hair.  Memphis is Southern.  Memphians eat shrimp and grits, obsess about the SEC, and wear their flat-front shorts well above the knee.  Blessedly, Memphis is also half-way to New Orleans:  close enough to be a beneficiary of that city's Cajun/Creole cuisine.  I love the fact that a significant percentage of restaurants in Memphis serve oysters, gumbo, etoufee, and andouille sausage.  This is all stuff that is a rarity up in the Show-Me state. I was properly introduced to the muffaletta last year while in New Orleans for the first time (at Butcher by Cochon).  Dynamite.  It's essentially a spicy italian deli sandwich with melty cheese and olive tapenade.  I was impressed by the giant size of the sandwich, until a friend from Louisiana pointed out that if it weren't that size, then it wouldn't be a muffaletta.  After that first taste, I vowed to keep an eye out for muffaletta's back in Memphis. Surprisingly, in a town so heavily influenced by Cajun/Creole cuisine, I discovered that you must actively seek out muffalettas in Memphis.  Many of my new friends don't even know what they are, let alone where to get a good one.  Luckily, Kwik Chek fills the void.   Go there.  Don't expect elegant ambiance or coddling service.  Put on a straight face and order the Big Muff.  Spicy, if you're man enough.  Be prepared for the meat sweats.  You're welcome.Someday, I'll try other offerings from the eclectic menu.  Someday.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,3/21/2013,180,199,,5,4>****This review is for the piano bar****The piano bar is certainly a swanky little place to grab a drink.  Think dark wood paneling, fancy linens, and quite possibly the best (and largest) wine list in Memphis.  Sit back, relax, and let one of the servers bring your drink to you.  Order some appetizers or an entree from the menu.  All of this set to a background of live piano music at a volume that doesn't hinder conversation.  The service is excellent too.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/20/2013,35,59,1,7,4>Ah Shang Hai.  Our old trusty. Good Chinese and Thai dishes, but the stand-out are the Vietnamese.  There are also plenty of vegetarian options.Two of my favorite dishes in the city come from Shang Hai (I'm not sure these Vietnamese names are correct, this is from memory) :beef salad - Vietnamese carpaccio -  bo tai chanh  Acidic, oniony, amazing.  Maybe because I'm a cracker no one else will make this for me, but Shang Hai serves this one up right.Seafood Salad - goi do bien - Amazing seafood salad I've only had a Vietnamese people's homes, until I found it here.  Try it.  If you don't see the name, just ask for the special seafood salad served at weddings, etc.You can bring your own wine with no corking fee.They serve beer by the bottle.If you're starving, the BBQ meatballs are awesome.  They bring your own rice paper and hot water to make rolls yourself.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,3/19/2013,46,54,,8,1>I liked this place. It has some things going for it.  The BBQ here is above average, which means very good in Memphis.I ordered the Combo Sampler 2, which gave me a taste of all the Barbecue offerings--- Pulled Pork, Ribs, Sliced Brisket, and Chicken.  Here was the funny thing about my plate---- the two pork items were the weaker offerings. I'm not saying it was bad, just that the brisket and chicken were damn good.  The pork shoulder and ribs were good, but were mushy. That was probably a reheating issue, but it's hard to say.I don't want my pork to lack the texture of true BBQ. When you bite into a rib, if the meat just pulls away in it's entirety, then you have wrapped ribs, oven heated ribs or sometimes this happens in a holding cabinet. Fat Larry's ribs have a really nice flavor. There's plenty of wood flavor and a very nice spice rub on these Spareribs.  If they had the right texture, I'd be raving about them. The pulled pork had the same lack of bite, which probably means I didn't get BBQ cooked that morning ( I went right at opening).The slices of Brisket that I got were better than some I've had in Texas. That's pretty darn good. It had a wonderful smoke ring, plenty of wood flavor and the texture had a nice chew to it----that's what BBQ tastes like! I'd go back for the Brisket alone.The BBQ chicken was juicy, smokey, and plenty good. There was no sauce on it, which is the way all good BBQ should be served.When you cook hunks of meat for hours at a time with smoke in the environment, it leads to a couple of things-----delicious meat, and meat that sometimes looks a little bit dark and charred. FACT. A lot of BBQ restaurants will put sauce on top to cover this natural by-product of Barbecue. This is a mistake IMO. I like smoky BBQ, and sometimes the meat tastes much better than it looks. That's just the way it goes.The slaw was very good, the beans were of the tangy variety (not so sweet), and the beans were good. The BBQ sauce that they served me on the side was very thick tomato based sauce with a lot of black pepper. I used a little, because I don't really need sauce at a place like Fat Larry's......a place that knows what Barbecue is, and executes it pretty darn well.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,3/18/2013,11,20,5,7,5>So if you just can't figure out what you want to eat and your taste buds need a change, try this place. The food is so different...which for some may be good and some may be bad. It's Venezuelan I think which is similar to Cuban food but definitely not the same. I have eaten here three times, getting something different on each visit. Appetizers: the cheese sticks were a bit bland and not hot enough but the tostones cups, the empanadas and the UFO's were all very good. I have also tried the Arepas and Tostones entres but I cannot recall which meat I had on each of them in my three trips. Oh except that one of them (maybe the pernil) was pork and I found it to be a bit fatty, otherwise they were all very good. The plaintain "bun" they use is strange at first but interesting to the palate. I like to be fair and balanced, the only bad thing we have had when we ate here was that we always have trouble getting the check from the server. I almost wonder if its a cultural thing because she won't come over with the check unless we are quietly sitting there. Its almost like she feels that delivering the check is rude while we are chatting. I dunno but thats my only recollection of a problem when we were in there and that is aboslutely a tolerable problem...so thumbs up in general and just remeber to be very quiet if you want your bill. :-)
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/17/2013,121,288,4,7,2>Kathy Katz wants to make your life easier.After years of selling her food at Memphis-area farmers markets, she opened a storefront in Cooper Young last month. The shop, called Cooper St. 20/20, isn't a full service restaurant. It's more of a commercial kitchen that's got a fully stocked refrigerator, ready for the raiding.It's pretty simple: you go in, open one either the fridge or the freezer and pick out a tray or container of something to take home with you. The fridge is full of soups ($6 for small / $9 for large), dips and pimiento cheese. The freezer has stacks of lasagna, quiche, pasta and side dishes (the prices vary, but I didn't see anything more than $20).The cooking instructions are on the packaging, and just about everything can be cooked in its container. If you give them two days notice, they'll cook your order in your dishes so that you can pretend like you made it yourself.I took home a small container of vegetable soup, a small container of mashed potatoes and turnips and a tray of spanikopita. The soup is really good, and it's packed with almost an entire produce section's worth of vegetables. The mashed potatoes and turnips are creamy and filling (and made even better by a little bit of salt, pepper and shredded cheddar).The spanikopita, though, is what's going to keep me coming back. After 20 minutes in the oven, the little triangles of frozen phyllo, spinach and feta had turned into flaky, golden brown bits of creamy, cheesy perfection. If you're having a party and serve these, know that when they go missing, one of your guests is probably hiding in a closet, hoarding the whole tray.Cooper St. 20/20 is open Monday through Friday from 12 p.m. until 7 p.m., and Kathy still plans to sell her food at the Memphis Farmers Market, Tsunami Market and Memphis Botanic Gardens Farmers Market.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,3/16/2013,197,116,15,14,8>I've never been a big advocate of the French. Maybe its my indomitable patriotism. In fact, I call French Fries "Freedom Fries". But the French have done one thing right: crepes. If you ask me to define a crepe, I couldn't do it. But i can tell you this: they are delicious. I was in a meeting in Bartlett and we were referred to this little gem of a location on Stage road. The restaurant is reminiscent of a Parisian cafe, with small, intimate tables with roses and candles. The ambiance is quaint and cozy and makes the restaurant a great location for a romantic date. The even played "La Vie En Rose" (the original french version), and i was fully expecting to turn around and see the Eiffel tower and the Louvre. (As a side note, the restaurant is fairly new, so the menu is a work in progress.  The best part, though, is that they will eventually install a wine bar!)The ambiance is not the star of the restaurant, though. For that you have to try the food! If this is what French food is then give me a beret, an overpowering body order, and an unrelenting, unfounded, and undeserved arrogance (just like rest of the French) and sign me up! There are sweet crepes, which are filled with some sort of sweetened item (cookies, fruit, ice cream, etc); savory crepes (usually filled with some kind of meat); baguettes and salads. All of the baguettes can be made into a crepe as well.  My personal recommendation: the fluffer nutter. It has peanut butter, nutella, marshmallow fluff, bananas, and a chocolate and caramel drizzle. Word to the wise: order your own. I was in a business meeting so we ordered the dessert crepes to share after our savory crepes. I glared at my dining companions  with unbridled fury and barely contained hatred as they enjoyed the wonderful treat. Once they passed the plate back down to my side of the table, I rapidly scarfed down the last couple of bites. Sure, my dining companions think I'm fat, but I got to eat all of the crepe so I'll take the trade off. I swear when I finished I heard a chorus of angels..or maybe that was just the closing verse to "La Vie en Rose.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/15/2013,20,1,2,2,3>If you're looking for an affordable and exciting experience then I recommend this place! This great Chinese restaurant is so under- rated if you ask me. The service is great and the drinks are even better. Oh! and the fact that they have a Hibachi grill is just icing on the cake. The General's Tso is the best! The chefs are the best; they entertain you as they cook your meal and you have the choice to make sure your food is done to your liking. During lunch they have half off specials which fits perfectly in my college lifestyle.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,5/20/2012,58,57,10,9,5>OK, purists. This isn't a tapas restaurant like that place you tried in Ibiza. It's time to stop being that guy and accept that "tapas" has become a synonym for "small plates." And frankly, we're sick of hearing about your vacation.With that out of the way, let's talk about East Tapas and Drinks. I visited for the first time Saturday with pretty low expectations. It's a tough concept to pull off in a suburban shopping center. But I was pleasantly surprised: the little tapas lounge in the shadow of St. Francis Hospital is a swank East Memphis oasis.I was alone, so I sat at the bar. It was about 6:30 on a Saturday night; both the bar and the seating stayed about half-full most of the time I was there. The bartender who served me was friendly, attentive and helpful, and I could tell he knew his stuff.I started with the Bombshell martini (sake, Chambord, OJ and soda). It was delicious: one of those sneaky cocktails that doesn't taste like alcohol at all (these do the most damage). I ordered two items off the specials board: avocado fries and bacon-wrapped shrimp-stuffed olives. Yes. Bacon-wrapped-shrimp-stuffed-olives. How could I resist? I also ordered the truffle macaroni and cheese on several people's recommendations.The avocado fries were panko-breaded, perfectly crispy on the outside, warm and slightly gooey on the inside. The portion amounted to about a whole avocado and was served with a cilantro aioli. The olives were about as decadent (and amazing) as you'd imagine, and I'd even recommend them to someone who doesn't dig on olives. If they make it back to the specials board, that is.The mac and cheese, though... WHOA. Totally lived up to all the hype. The menu said it contains sharp cheddar, cottage cheese, parmesan, cream cheese and sour cream. 4/5 of those are ingredients I never would have thought to put in mac and cheese. But its creamy texture and rich flavor -- with the subtlest hint of truffle oil -- make it one of my new Memphis faves.After dinner I had an Asian pear bellini. I'm a sparkle junkie, so it was right up my alley. Loved the cinnamon/five-spice rim. The beer and wine lists were impressive too. The TV above the bar seemed a little out of place, but you know folks just gotta have their TV.I'll go back. Maybe to check out the awesome happy hour specials.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,5/19/2012,26,33,3,5,2>Its a cryin shame this place is off the beaten path.....family owned and operated, these guys are giving it hell in a less than desireable location.  Youd better be hungry when you order the po boys, large portion for a decent price.  The fried shrimp dinners are worth the travel distance.  I really hope these guys can make it work..........if they dont, it will be because of where theyre at, not because the food is bad.  The atmosphere is what youd expect from a place tryin to make it work on a small budget.......hand made signs in the windows, homey decor on the walls..........a little sparse.   Prices arent bad at all, and Dakotas blows Cajun Kitchen out of the............bayou
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2011,5/18/2012,123,514,2,7,2>Don't let the outside fool you. If looks like they are the only open store in a run down mall.  The inside is clean and I was immediately greeted and helped.  I had my eye brows threaded and my nose pierced.$8 for the threading, you aren't going to get a better price than that outside of NYC.  This was one of the fastest and least painful threading I've had (I don't think they're very painful, but this one hurt the least of any I've had).   She never broke the thread and actually followed my instructions.  She cleaned up my arch but left my brows nice and thick.She pierced my nose very quickly and did her best to get me to relax. She was patient while I pestered her about aftercare (I asked a ton of questions).  They were even sweet when I left and everyone in the store was friendly. The place was clean and organized. The chairs aren't the most comfortable but they're so damned good at what they do I can't take off a star for that.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,5/17/2012,29,78,1,6,2>After falling in love with Korean TV darmas, a friend from Seattle insisted that I absolutely must try Korean food. I must say, pulling up to this restaurant, I had my doubts. It's jammed into the end of a little shady strip mall in a not-so-great area of town. Walking in, it doesn't make you feel a whole lot better. The decor is kind of dull, and they have a giant projection TV showing a video feed of the parking lot. Just gives you a bad feeling. The good news is, that's where the bad ends. I asked the waiter what to eat, and he recommended the marinated beef (bul go gi). It's always exciting when you have absolutely no idea what to expect. When the food came out, the first thing that shocked me was just ho much of it there was. For a single order, you get a big sizzling pan of marinated beef (think fajita-sized pan at most Mexican places). You also get a bowl of rice and abuot six "sides". There are about three different kinds of kimchi, asparagus, and a few different "salads." The guy explained what each was to me, but I don't really remember. I just remember that they were delicious. The one thing I wish I'd been able to do was sit at one of the grill tables where you get to cook your own meat. Apparently you have to have more than one person to do this. Like I said, I think the food is great, I just wish the appearance and atmosphere was a little different.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,5/15/2012,72,139,,2,2>It is so nice these days to walk into a store that makes you feel welcome.  Wish has an amazing team that is customer focused.  You are greeted when you walk in.  It's just nice for someone to acknowledge your presence when you go into a store.  They really spend the time to help you find exactly what you are looking for.  I can always find something in here that is unique and the prices are so reasonable which makes that a win-win situation.  My one negative about this place is that some of the racks are really too full with product so it makes it a little difficult to see some of the items.  Great sales - right now there is a huge selection of items (dresses, shirts, pants) for only $10.00!!!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,5/14/2012,21,309,,4,2>I love the Memphis Zoo! I've been to the San Diego and St Louis Zoos and agree our zoo is the best in the country. I'm a native Memphian and have seen the zoo grow and change over the years. It's amazing how much it has changed. They have a master plan and add and/or renovate a different exhibit every few years. It began with Cat Country and the newest addition is Treton Track. They make the changes the right way and much of the zoo has been transformed over the past 10+ years. The concept is the animals are not in your standard cages, they are more in their natural habitat. This is of course is better for the animals and allows visitors to see them more playful too. It's one of few zoos in the country to have Pandas on display- we have two. The Once Upon a Farm kid section is great. The same old carnival like rides are still there along with a train. They often have interactive events in this area and numerous programs for children. Programs include home school and preschool programs and spring break, fall break and summer camps. There is an on site restaurant but you can also bring in your own food. We usually pack a picnic lunch and sit in the picnic area. The kids playground area is fun too- the kids love it. There are fun events for adults too like the annual Zoo Rendezvous and Zoo Brew. If you are a local and have not been in awhile get a season pass (it pays for itself in a few visits) and check out the fun events. It's free to Tennessee residents on Tuesdays after 2:00, a good time to go and see what you have been missing. If you are visiting, definitely visit our zoo. It's worth the trip.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,5/13/2012,36,117,2,4,3>If "ristorante" is Italian for "restaurant"... Bari must be Italian for "really good."  (In reality, Bari is a coastal city in Italy that is just north of the heel of the 'boot' of Italy, most famous for it's ferry port to Greece and being the only European city to experience chemical warfare in World War II... but you can Wikipedia too, I digress).Let's run it down.  First off, the parking is a 2 star... situation.  You have to park in the YoLo parking lot, or across Cooper in the big empty parking lot and cross the street at night.  There is some parking behind the place, but it's always full.  Once you figure out where to put your car, you'll find that the door is unmarked and doesn't appear to be the correct entrance... but it is, just pull it open, and walk in.  They've made it as difficult as possible to get in there, but nonetheless... welcome to Bari!Two options, sit at ther bar (my personal preference) or dining room (also good).  The bartender is usually a guy named Brad Pitts... not kidding... who has been named the second best bartender in Memphis by the Memphis Flyer for two years running.  He's fantastic.  He's got the cocktails / wine down... but it's the knowledge of menu that really kicks it up to a whole different level... and it makes eating up at the bar a great experience.  Overall... either room you can be casual to dressy, but it's always classy... you'll look just fine... in fact, you look marvelous.Food:  Authentic!  You can't often find the food they offer here.  Grilled sardines, octopus, a carbonara that makes me dizzy it's so good, etc. etc.  They have a pretty extensive selection, and I actually rarely get an "entree"... and stick around the appetizers/pasta dishes and I leave completely satisfied.Price:  You can spend plenty, or you can get out of there quite frugally.  Order one Peroni (the only beer on tap), a two cheese plate, and a pasta dish... you're outta there spending $25 with tip.  Or... order a couple of 'Brazilian' cocktails, the octopus, a pasta dish to share, a bottle of wine, two entrees, dessert, and a digestif... and you'll spend $200.  Up to you, amico... it's why I like Bari... it's ... how you say... "scalable" in Italian.Buon appetito!
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,5/12/2012,29,99,,3,2>The atmosphere is great. Inside: cozy and warm and inviting. Happy, pretty people, lovely servers, nice artwork. Comes with all of the Cooper Young charm we have all come to love.Outside: lovely as well, especially in the Spring. But, please, get some tables that allow one to place his or her legs under the table. Currently, you can't pull up to the table. They are designed to seat two people on the shortest end but are oriented such that the long side faces you -- they're off 90 degrees -- the supports run down that side of the table. I understand the retro furniture vibe, but being 6' 1", I was sitting about two feet from the table because my knees were hitting the table supports.Anyway: the sushi is good, it's become my main sushi place. The place was filled to the brim, and it took about 45 minutes to get our food. Not terrible on a Friday night, especially when the atmosphere's so good. I have a soft spot for BBQ eel nigiri, and they do it well (not that it's all that hard to mess up.) Their other rolls are also good.Probably not the BEST in Memphis, but casual enough and comfy enough to become my favorite.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,5/11/2012,123,66,,5,2>What is Humdingers?? I've asked myself this question after driving by so many times and not stopping in.Well last wknd i got bored and didn't know where to eat. Called up a friend and she suggested by Humdingers. Once i walked in, i noticed a nice lit casual place to have some dinner.We went through the menu while watching the chef cook on the grill through the open kitchen. I ordered the Blackened Salmon topped with Pineapple salsa along with Grilled Asparagus and Grilled corn. My friend ordered a chicken breast with a side of grilled asparagus and salad.I thought the food was great. I love anything grilled that tastes like it came fresh off the bbq grill. The Salmon was grilled perfectly still juicy on the inside, the asparagus the same way and the corn was grilled slightly with a little cajun seasoning. My friends chicken breast however was a bit on the dry side but her asparagus and salad were good.Overall i thought the food was prepared nicely and its healthy if u wanted to eat early or late in the day. I'm glad i stopped in.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,5/10/2012,103,128,,3,3>I am a regular, and love the lower calorie, healthy options available through the Vietnamese Soups portion of the menu.  The beef is identifiable as beef, the chicken looks like chicken- something we don't always see in Asian food, and the flavors are clean.  The rice paper spring rolls are traditional and taste fresh, their peanut sauce is just right.  My children typically eat the stir-fried udon with chicken and vegetables, which is great reheated in the microwave the following day.As far as Vietnamese restaurants go, this is the cleanest I've ever seen.  Outside of the typical urban setting Memphians are used to, New Que Hong offers fresh, delicious food at reasonable prices, and plenty of free, safe parking.  Regarding the service, customers should have a sense of humor and be polite!  You likely will be "treated like family", as previous reviewers have stated; sometimes in a kind way, sometimes in an overly-familiar way.  Your server may advise you on what to order, or help you dress up your food order with condiments that improve the flavor.  If you are not a people person, you may want to order take-out or prepare be patient.  Sauces and accoutrements made in-house are available to go.On weekends, oranges and a square of brightly colored sponge & whipped cream cake is served with the check.  Cash and credit cards accepted, free parking, family friendly.  The bus boy previously referenced is no longer employed with New Que Hong.   All staff are appropriately dressed with well-fitting pants, and isn't that what we all look for in Vietnamese food?
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,2/21/2013,65,178,4,2,1>This place is so convenient to my office that I had to give it a try, and I'm glad I did.  On my first visit I was absolutely wowed by the extremely friendly service!  That was also the case during every visit since.  I guarantee you won't find better service anywhere in town. The parking is a little tight, but hey, park in the bigger lot and walk a few feet. Now, for the food:  I've tried the pulled pork sandwich, the ribs, the baked potato salad, the beans, the sweet potato fries, the deviled eggs and the carrot cake. I wasn't disappointed with any of it. The meat is cooked in an electric smoker, and although it's not the best in town, it's very good. The sides definitely make up for the lack of smoke rings in the meat. They are unique and perfectly prepared. The baked potato salad is a must try. The burger is fantastic as well!  I ordered mine with blue cheese, and they weren't stingy with it.  The carrot cake delicious and moist, and the slice is plenty big enough for two people.There is also a strawberry fields salad on the menu. Now allow me to elaborate, I don't eat salad.  Lettuce is for rabbits. Protein is for girls.  This salad is the exception.  Put pulled pork, blue cheese, walnuts, and strawberries on cardboard, and I'll eat it! I can handle the lettuce if I get all that good stuff on it.  It is next on my list. Just thinking about it is making my mouth water. I know what I'm having for lunch tomorrow...This is a spot I'll be hitting on a regular basis to get my grub on.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,2/20/2013,127,77,1,3,2>What more can I add that has not been said already?  Recently visited here to celebrate an early Valentine's dinner.  I like to say that we ventured off the unbeaten path a little when it came to appetizers.  We opted to try the bone marrow, and it was DELICIOUS!  Seasoned just right, actually some of the best that I have had, and I have eaten bone marrow in many places before.  What's great is that my dogs get to enjoy the goodness in the bones as well, doggy bag for sure!Otherwise, went with the lamb, and the surf and turf.  Delightful.  I snapped pictures of our meal, so head on over to the album!  Will definitely come back to try their other seasonal menus!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,2/19/2013,27,93,2,4,3>Great location! We had our wedding reception here. The building is beautiful and unique, we chose to hold the reception on the lower level. There is no elevator leading to the second floor, so we chose not to use it, so that our grandparents weren't going up and down stairs too much.The Balinese Ballroom offers catering packages, and the food was really good. I didn't get to eat much of it, but my guests were very happy with what was provided.This venue is perfect for those looking for an all-in-one package. The Balinese Ballroom will provide tables and chairs, linens, silverware, glasses, etc. Everything is built into very affordable prices.The owner, Mike, is a nice guy and we had the best time there at our reception. Side note: Mike also owns Ferraro's Pizza next door, which may explain the good food. I'd definitely recommend for any special occasion and definitely for weddings!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,2/18/2013,40,315,,3,4>The hubs and I were looking for a "Huey's alternative" and dropped into this cozy little spot. So glad we did! We split The Big Deuce & the lobster bisque, and both were so tasty. We also ordered some wings to go. We like them extra crispy & these were fried to perfection. I loved the ambience- low key and laid back. Not sure why this little gem only has three stars. We'll definitely visit again.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,2/17/2013,123,514,6,6,6>How have I been in Collierville for over a year and not known this place existed. I always disliked going in to Teavana because they are pushy about getting you to buy stuff.Not this place.  There are several comfy chairs and tea warmers (yes, my husband did have to tell me what a tea light was actually for) so you can sit and enjoy a pot of tea and a little snack.There are several blends of tea and sample containers so you can smell each blend before deciding what you want to get.  You can get a cup to go or sit and enjoy a pot of tea while sitting in some very comfy chairs.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,2/16/2013,1,297,,3,2>Very good fresh food! The owner is originally from Jordan and he knows how to make great wraps, including felafel, chicken, and his own creation called a Jippy, which is 75% beef and 25% lamb.  The Jippy IS ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS.  It even has chopped up radishes in it, which you wouldn't think would work in a wrap.He also sells delicious baklava.Totally recommend going to this restaurant!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/15/2013,21,37,2,3,3>It has been my experience that when maintaining a healthy diet, you really want your "cheat" meals to be worth it. This one was sooooo worth it. Me and the hubby went for dinner last weekend. It's a nice cozy environment. We share the antipasto platter, which was an excellent choice. It was a simple, yet tasty, selection of cheese, cured meats, and olives. I had the Old World Chicken Carbonara, and it was RICH but very delicious. The meal was quite enjoyable, I should've skipped the side salad though - it was less than interesting and had a disproportionate amount of huge red onions in it. I am not sure why I haven't been here before, but I think I will definitely return.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,2/14/2013,103,128,,4,2>I am alaways impressed by the cleanliness, staff, and customer service at Bass Pro Shops in Memphis.  From what I understand, this is one of the smallest stores within the company, and yet they are one of the highest rated.  I am not a hunter or fisher, but I do shoot, and I go there to buy womanly staples like Columbia, North Face, and bird food for my feeders.  They also have an excellent selection of Lodge cast iron cookware (buy pre-seasoned) in the camping department.  Every good southern woman should have one beloved piece of cast-iron! The service here is very friendly, and usually plentiful (at night they seem to have a thinner staff).  Check out Tracker boats and ATVs while you're there, and take your kids to look at the big fish tank.  Often you can catch them feeding the native fish and demonstrating lures (no hooks!).  I also have to comment on how cute the green-shirted hunting department staff is.  Fuzzy beards you can just picture sitting in a duck blind, weathered hands; these are manly men.  They really know their guns, scopes, binoculars, & bows.  Ask advice, and before you go, please remember that there has been a nationwide run on guns since the school and movie theater shootings spurred a presidential response, so certain items may not be available as the gun manufacturers are struggling to keep up with production requirements.  You will fill out paperwork (maybe on a computer screen) when applying to purchase a gun, which takes some time if there is a line, but it is federal law, so be patient. In the winter, beginning in November, do not miss Santa's Wonderland!  This is the best free Santa in town, and he comes with a free photo, a different craft each week, toys to try, kiddie shooting lanes, RC cars, great gift ideas, and wintry snacks like fudge and spiced nuts scent the whole front of the store with sweet, spicy, and chocolaty smells leaving you in the best mood for shopping.You can even bring your dog, year-round as well as to visit Santa! One final tip: Uncle Buck's ham jerky.  Just do it.  It's like a whole southern breakfast in one bite.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/13/2013,53,58,,1,1>First off, Shout out to our Waitress, I can't remember her name and I feel horrible about it but she was great! The restaurant was nice and clean, it displayed a lot of Memphis which I enjoyed. It was good for the group of 4 I was with but I think more then that would be uncomfortable. The Nachos were decent, but once again, not Central BBQs. I had the brisket, it was a thicker cut then what I prefer but the meat had a good taste, the sauce that came on top was disgusting! The sauce tasted a bit like ketchup and I am not a fan, but once you scrape that off and add the apple BBQ sauce you have yourself a delicious marriage of meat and fruit. I don't remember the beer we had, I am thinking it what the house brew or a small brew featured at the restaurant. The brew was odd at first but after the initial unease it is pretty tasty. The wait was minimum but we also got there pretty late. The brownie dessert is HUGE and worth the share.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,2/12/2013,79,188,,2,2>I've been to A LOT of zoos in my life. My family traveled when I was a kid and zoos were some of my favorite places to go on these trips.That said, NONE of them compare to Memphis.I know San Diego gets a lot of press attention, but Memphis is by far the nicest zoo I have ever been to. My favorite part is Creatures of the Night, but I also love the Northwest Passage exhibit. As the zoo continues to update and create new areas, it gets more and more lovely every year. The prices are fair, memberships are fairly cheap, and you can't beat Free to Tennessee Residents Tuesday afternoons.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,2/11/2014,127,77,1,13,4>Finally some ramen in Memphis!  Ever hear of Japanese BBQ? Well that's what yakitori is... Meat on a skewer and grilled!A great place to try for Asian food... Happy with the new addition. Big slices of pork with the ramen, skewers done right, sushi on point...No beer yet, but on the way.  Lunch menu is much cheaper than dinner.  Come try it out!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,2/10/2014,71,41,6,20,5>The oh-so-coveted Texas de Brazil usually has some pretty uniform connotations with most people like "expensive", "delicious", and "amazing."   Well, this review will be quite an affirmation of said connotations, as well as what you can expect overall and maybe a suggestion/tip or two of my own. ***skip to the end of this review if you just want my tips/highlights and don't care about the overall experience****Let's begin with parking . It's downtown. That means your options are pretty limited to meters or garages. I parked my vehicle directly across the restaurant in an open parking area  and selected "evening" on the machine, which cost me $13 for 3 hours (the machine takes cards)Upon entering the restaurant on a Sunday night, the hostess was very nice and professional. She confirmed my reservation (MAKE A RESERVATION) and checked if my table was ready. She promptly took myself and guest to our table, told us who our server would be, and left. The ambiance of the restaurant was spectacular. I hate not taking photos, but the the lighting was so dim, and I didn't want to be "that guy."Our server, Meagan, came to the table within 5 minutes and offered to explain the entire process and how things worked. She was a great and polite server.***This is when I mentioned that I wanted to have the salad bar only option (yes, you can do that ) ***She then explained To my Non-vegetarian guest that there is a circular two-sided card on the table. When green is showing, it means the various meat-wielding gentlemen will come to your plate, offer you their selection of meat, and you can choose to take it or not. (**good strategy = say yes to everything so you know what you will not like**) When the card is red, they will see it and leave you alone so you aren't constantly bombarded with guys offering you their meat (your choice, not mine).  =-)First we dined on the INCREDIBLE salad bar. Salad was one of the least-sought items. This leviathan of a salad bar had everything from smoked salmon to bacon to imported cheeses to sushi and much, much more. I insured my guest that everyone tells me the salad bar is so delicious as a ploy to fill you up faster. (Perfect for vegetarians)We took the advice of fellow yelpers and ate until we felt the pain. It was a great experience. It was refreshing to eat in fine dining that wasn't as tacky as a buffet, but less traditional than ordering from a menu. The price for Sunday night was $24.99 for the salad bar and $44.99 for salad bar + meat. *** my tips ***~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~*Make a reservation*be prepared to pay to park*come very hungry*if you don't eat meat, choose the salad bar only option when your server greets you *there is NEVER any mention of the prices beforehand (no menu or explanation) so scroll back up to see how much I paid and be prepared*If you're eating meat, don't fill up at salad bar*drink water *try everything and enjoy the ambiance!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,2/9/2014,122,128,7,17,7>This is a new concept restaurant opened by two pharmaceutical executives turned pizza connoisseurs according to the Memphis Business Journal. bizjournals.com/memphis/Their new concept has caught on with me!I walked in today, two days after opening to the public, excited to try this place. I was pretty familiar with the idea. Think of Moe's or Chipotle. You walk through a cafeteria style line picking out your toppings and various delectable treats. For my pizza, I chose the 11" standard pie. They offer standard marinara or spicy marinara sauce. I opted for the SPICY! Next, you choose your meats. I chose pepperoni, chicken, Canadian bacon and (more "American") bacon. I shuffled along to the veggies. Blech, but I digressed and chose mushrooms and was pretty stoked they offered fresh mozzarella as well.I always enjoy places where I can play chef. You can't blame a place for having poor food when you are the creator! (I'm looking at you, Genghis Grill.)Finally you pay. My total for my pizza and tea came to around $10.50. Not bad. Good price point and I was more than full at the end of my meal. It took around 10 minutes for my pizza to get to me at lunch time. Much faster than other places to make pizza fresh. I really enjoyed Pyros and wish them all the success in the world. According to the article I read, they plan to open 30 or more locations in the Southeast! That's great. Reaching high! If there opening two days are any indication, that feat will be easy to reach. Way to go, Pyros!!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/8/2014,33,56,2,5,3>Beth did the henna for both my wedding and my cousin's wedding. She was so accommodating and patient during the process that it really made it very pleasant.  As you can imagine, Sitting in one place for seven hours to get bridal henna is definitely not an easy task!  Her work speaks for itself...she is truly a talented individual. She has made such an impression on the Indian community in Memphis that she is basically the officially wedding henna artist for anyone who gets married here. :-)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,2/7/2014,8,73,2,5,3>I needed to repair a small asphalt commercial parking lot. The roots of pine trees we planted had created cracks and bulges around several sides of the parking lot, and some could have caused people to trip. I obtained four bids in order to educate myself on the various ways to solve the problem. Hollingsworth Paving's representative saw more that needed to be repaired than the others, and suggested using a higher quality product on the cracks. He also wanted to fill cracks that others simply suggested sealing over. I was thinking of using them before I received the results of the bid, because they seemed more professional and diligent in coming up with a solution that would give me a high quality result. They also seemed very confident about what they could deliver. Therefore, I expected they would be more expensive, but I had reconciled myself to spending more for a better result. I was then delighted to find that their bid was totally in line with the others. They did the job quickly and mostly on the week-end  to minimize the inconvenience to the business, and the result was very good. I highly recommend them.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/6/2014,106,53,5,8,3>It is a very good thing to use your feminine wiles as powers for good and not for evil!!   Esthetiques Wellness Center is a powerful tool in your toolbox to assist you in the quest of girl power fueled world domination.   Now this review is strictly for the eyelash extension services as that is all I have used here to date. Having long luxurious eyelashes to bat at the opposite sex may not only put you in the running for an extra in the latest Rom-com...but it definitely results in people (especially of the male persuasion) being so much nicer, friendlier and interested.   Eyelash extensions when done correctly (as opposed to the horrible fake looking strip jobs they do at the mall and who look like a caterpillar crawled on your eyelid to die) are the most subtle and powereful beauty enhancements.  Men especially know you look prettier but are not quite sure what is different, but they like it.   I had a wonderful experiences the few times I have used their services.  I saw Brittney who was great and asked me what look I was going for (enhancement of natural lashes or for the va-va-voom).  She was quick, professional, and my lashes looked fabulous (and incredibly natural) for weeks after.  Yes...this is a somewhat expensive habit.   BUT the service and results are well worth this.  I highly recommend the services here.  Go ladies!....you can thank me later when the fellas swoon at your feet.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/5/2014,289,203,3,4,3>The service here is wonderful. My grandma has been storing fur coats here for years and they also have some beautiful gems.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/4/2014,24,61,,8,4>The new Whole Foods is fabulous! It even has a BBQ restaurant inside! Hot bar has been stocked with double as many items as before. So much more seating! Spacious aisles. Much more selection for everything. Nicer than the San Francisco and New Orleans Whole Foods stores I've been to. Love love love.Recommendations: Try the aged Parrano cheese -- so delicious. If you need a healthy energy bar, take a look at the various Quest Bars, which are the healthiest ones I've found. At the hot bar, the Mattar Paneer and Tikka curries are great! The readymade sushi area has several rolls made with brown rice that are tasty.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,2/3/2014,53,58,,5,4>Cash only! Packed but worth the wait! It was a Sunday morning and the boyfriend and I decided we NEEDED pancakes! After a discussion of not wanting Denny's or Ihop (yuck) we were at a loss of where we should get our pancakes. He then remembered passing this little Pancake shop on Summer, we jumped in the car and across town we went! I was a bit hesitant at first, the parking lot was PACKED! But the wait wasn't long and we were seated. Something I noticed first about this place were the Patrons, there was literally someone from every walk of life, this place attracted EVERYONE! The menu is so full, there are so many options and it was all very affordable, I would even say cheap. The only complaint I would say I had was when you order your hash browns crispy, you get burnt, so just order regular hash browns. Everything we had was delicious.. the veggie omelet could have had more filling, like there was seriously hardly anything in it, it was a very flat omelet, but it was tasty. The Banana Strawberry pancakes were delicious, the perfect balance of banana and strawberry, where so often the banana tends to overwhelm. Plus the pancakes had a nice fluffy consistency. The bacon was cooked to perfection  The hash browns were burnt, not crispy and the coffee was a little watered down. Overall this place was delicious and I plan on returning, in fact this may be our new breakfast place!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,2/2/2014,27,54,,6,2>Very good falafel, fresh, great seasoning/sauce on the wrap, and huge. Philly cheese steak a friend had was good add well, seasoned well. Friendly place, great prices.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,4/15/2013,98,357,2,4,5>I can't believe nobody has reviewed this event yet! Great family event and later in the night a great party! Lots for the kids to do and the adults too. Usually good music at night and of course they have  bocce ball going on till the park closes each night.  This event is the week after Memphis in May is over. Lots of food trucks and of course if you know folks, lots of private tents. There is also a pretty large bunch of tents selling typical items for an event like this. This is a must do event for the local or tourist looking for something to do!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,4/14/2013,5,4,,3,3>I used to go here when it was Wasabi.  I stopped going when Makado bought out Wasabi and the quality went downhill.  Since it has changed to Isushi, it has been amazing. This is easily the best sushi in Memphis. My wife and I have tried several of the rolls with our favorites being Xmen, Red fish, Alaskan, and Harry Potter. The atmosphere is nice and small. I love this place.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,4/13/2013,34,71,,7,4>I love to go bargain hunting, and this is one of the stores I go to often. It is very big and has a ton different stuff. Dvds are most always a $1, even if its a boxed dvd set of four. They have Betsey Johnson eyeglass frames for $19, which I had bought some last year for $60 at another store! (Not making that error again) The baby aisle is full of stuff in good condition at a great price, which comes in handy for baby showers. Bargain hunt changes its prices every 10 days, the longer the items been there the cheaper it is.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,4/12/2013,53,148,,4,1>We like this style Japanese restaurant, but are not keen on all the shenanigans at the "show tables," so we choose to eat in the lounge, so I can't speak to the prowess of the chefs.  What I know is that the drinks are good (we both had Moscow Mules made with apple vodka, and I may never drink one the "right" way again) and the food is fresh and delicious.  It's maybe not the most adventurous food out there, but it's done well.  Our shrimp and scallops were tender and not overcooked, and the filet that we each had was melt-in-your-mouth tender.  The fried rice is always good (especially with the mustard sauce, which we both love), as are the grilled vegetables.  Unless you're really keen on fake clapping for a guy trying to fake enthusiasm over throwing salt and pepper shakers, try eating in their lounge.  The servers are very friendly, and you can order of the entire menu.  (Without having to sit elbow to elbow with a thirteen year old celebrating his birthday with six of his closest friends...)
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,4/11/2013,192,191,1,4,3>Best. Brunchgasm. In. Memphis. I completely highly highly recommend this place if you're looking for good brunch / good people / good food. Upon driving over, it's establishment is a small cozy ranch house with gravel parking in the back. Its located across the street from a Moe's! (Which I completely did not know existed outside of germantown). FOOD - I ordered:OPEN FACED OMELET - Rachel Ray's San DieganHOME STYLE FRIESBISCUIT + JAMCOFFEE  My friend ordered the: MONTE CRISTO (melted ham and cheese) + CHEESE GRITS OMG. The open faced omelet (especially the San Diegan) was AMAZING. It comes with so much amazing food and toppings. There was what seemed like unlimited bacon (REAL bacon! That they had prepared fresh for you in the back) and just the right amount of melted cheese. I hate it when theres too much cheese in my food. I like cheese, but not too much. The home style fries didn't *look* to be amazing, but they tasted simply amazing. They were perfectly crunchy on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. Perfectly salted with ketchup omgggg so good!!! The biscuit was to die for as well. I loved their biscuit! It wasn't cheap tasting either, it was definitely a well made biscuit. Their jams,, I didn't know was homemade, but they have some dayum good jam!  The coffee was also delicious as well. Thank you yelpers!The monte cristo was amazing as well. It wasnt a normal monte cristo where it tasted just like something you could make at home. The bread was sweet and syrup-y tasting. omg so delicious!!! The only thing I didn't really care for was the cheese grits. I'm not a big fan of grits, but I was kinda looking forward to it. ETC about the visit -   We were seated immediately at the counter/bar, which normally I'm not the biggest fan of, because I like to kick it back and soak in the atmosphere of the establishment. However, this place is completely different than any other restaurant. I actually think I prefer sitting at the counter because you get to envelop all the happenings and workings of the place! You see them putting the orders in, serving the dishes, smelling the delicious coffee. Which thank you Yelp for recommending the coffee! I'm normally not a big drinker besides water, because I like to have enough room for my taste buds to fully understand the food.Service was great. Atmosphere was brunchy/homey. I love this place. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! I love the cute monks all around the place. :] *I know there are alot of reviewers on here that aren't big fans of Rachel Ray and I personally am NOT a fan of her cooking or her shows or her recipes. HOWEVER, having said that, I have tried multiple recommendations from her travelling show "Rachel Ray's --- in a day" and they've all had this comfy, home style GOOD MOOD FOOD feel. And Brother Junipers definitely falls in that category.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,4/10/2013,25,107,3,3,2>My second favorite pie in town after Trolley Stop's. Others have amply described the food, but I just wanted to give Aldo's kudos for providing a "family-friendly" atmosphere in the truest sense: It's a place that the adults in our party can grab a beer (from a really great draft selection, by the way) but that my young nephews and their cousins can also enjoy. The most recent example was our lunch stop there last Saturday: The fact that we were allowed to sit on the patio on a day in which the restaurant most likely wasn't staffed for the space (it was fairly cool outside), and that we weren't given the heave-ho after the aforementioned youngsters proceeded to booty-dance in front of the window in full sight of the patrons inside, is a testament to the employees' flexibility and patience.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,4/9/2013,47,110,9,4,6>They should change the name of the place to Jack Pirtle's Steak Sandwich Shop.The Jack Pirtle original steak sandwich is a thick chicken-fried steak, dressed with slaw, pickles and a gravy that's laced with something addictive, spilling out of a toasty bun.  I have no clue what they put in that sauce.  But yum.Here's my convo at the drive through:Voice: how may I help you?Me:  a friend told me I had to try the steak sandwich.  I heard it's great.Voice: OH yeah, it's good.  What [do] you want on it?Me: I dunno, whatever's recommended.Voice: Gravy, pickles and slaw.Me:  Hook me up.Voice:  $4.65 please.  Drive around.A drive-around and $4.65 later, I pulled into one of the parking spots and got to work on this humble work of art.  Tip:  have plenty of napkins handy.If you're new to Memphis, or long-time Memphis resident and just need a dose of 901 culture, Jack Pirtle's is a must.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/8/2013,53,67,2,3,2>Anybody who knows me at all, knows that I absolutely adore Italian food. It is my absolute favorite type of cuisine. So you know that I was excited when a mediocre barbecue restaurant in Bartlett was replaced by a casual Italian eatery.Thank goodness Bruno's is here to give me a low-key, non-chain Italian restaurant near my house. And this one really delivers.We started out with the fried ravioli; Bruno's version rocks! Instead of the typical bread crumb coating, this ravioli had a light, almost tempura-like batter. It was crisp, and not at all greasy. I could have made a meal out this and a side salad.For entree's, we had the chicken parmigiana sandwich with asparagus and the eggplant parmigana. Looking back, it probably would have been a good idea to vary our choices so we could have maybe tasted a different sauce, but c'est la vie.That being said, these were very tasty plates of food. The asparagus is dressed with a balsamic vinaigrette and topped with some chopped tomatoes. This elevated it above the standard steamed version. I found Bruno's marinara a little tangy; it was too much for the plain spaghetti that was served with the eggplant parmigiana, but absolutely delicious with the eggplant and melted cheese.For dessert, we split a slice of cannoli cake. It was enormous, super rich, and decadently creamy. The combination of ricotta cannoli filling, chocolate ganache and orange zest was really tasty, but I was glad I was splitting it with Tom. I don't think I could have taken it down by myself, and I have a serious sweet tooth.Bruno's has an extensive menu of traditional classics. The prices are reasonable enough to put it into our regular dinner rotation. We don't even have to save it for a special occasion.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,4/7/2013,25,44,2,2,2>The dinner was very good. I ordered the tuna steak sandwich (light) which comes on a wheat bun with light steamed veggies on the side instead of french fries. I am glad that they have a good low-fat menu, as I am watching my calories and when eating out it is important to have those options.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/6/2013,31,74,,6,2>This is a great little doggie oasis right in the middle of the city. If you're a downtowner or midtowner, Shelby Farms Dog Park is probably kinda far for you. While you won't get the wide open field/forest/lake experience you get at Shelby Farms, Overton Bark is really cool in its own way. You can tell they really put a lot of thought into it when designing it. It has all the things that the City of Memphis Dog Park (which I still appreciate very much) does not have: lots of seating (made out of, it's fun to assume, the trees they cut down to build the park?), lots of shade, and a water station. There's a little bit more for dogs to explore than at the city dog park. There is a small dog side and a large dog side. I would encourage you, if you have a small dog, to use the large dog side at your peril...even if your dog is not scared of bigger dogs and you're not concerned about them eating her, they could still step on her or run into her and seriously hurt her if she's small enough. My dog stepped on a tiny puppy once and I felt SO BAD. And I'm just gonna say it...I'm not a huge fan of people bringing small children to any dog park. Once someone brought a baby to one of the parks and I was stressed out the whole time. If you do bring kids, make sure they are old enough to understand how to behave. For example, do not taunt a dog and then run away. That is literally what I have seen happen. Remember that not every dog is good around kids, and it's a good idea for you not to encourage your child to approach every dog in there.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2014,11/10/2014,65,212,3,6,5>Beautiful restaurant, and unbelievably smooth service for opening week.  This felt like a restaurant that had been open for a while -- none of the hiccups that I've come to expect from newer businesses.  Our server was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and made great recommendations.  We had a reservation, and we never felt rushed as we enjoyed our meal and conversation.The food is intended to be family style, so you can order several dishes to share (my friend and I split four dishes plus dessert and were stuffed).  One of my favorite things on the menu was the roasted beet salad, which was just so well balanced: tender beets, tangy avocado dressing, and the mildest goat cheese imaginable.  The cheese grits (served with peppers and sausage) were creamy and rich -- I had to exhibit incredible self-control to keep from eating them all! Plenty of vegetarian options, or options that could be made vegetarian, although the meats are obviously the star (there are plans for a butcher shop in house).I think what we appreciated most was how elegantly simple the whole experience was.  There was nothing even a little bit fussy about this place -- from the brown butcher paper on the tables to the open kitchen, this restaurant invites you in and welcomes you from the moment you step inside.  This restaurant has incredible potential to continue the reinvigoration of the Broad Ave district. Come out and support this local business!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/9/2014,24,61,3,6,3>I found Bartlett Soap Company at a festival in Shelby Farms. Everything on display looked intriguing, so I stopped and smelled all these delicious looking soaps. I bought 3 soaps -- an oatmeal, a lemon, and another citrusy one (don't remember their names). Oh what a delight! The oatmeal one makes my skin feel so smooth and fragrant -- it is my favorite. Next time I will buy the white soap with the rose petals -- so pretty. If you like fancy soaps, check out this company.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/8/2014,275,277,5,5,6>I love BE growing up in Ohio just a few miles from the farm in Gallipolis. Our treat was fresh strawberry pie in winter years before fresh fruit was available in rural groceries a hundred miles from any airport. Today I had a Rise and Shine but I usually wait for lunch. Great service, food and prices every time.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2014,11/7/2014,37,87,8,8,9>This is a really entertaining place to visit. I came for the IMAX, but stayed for the museum and planetarium. Admission to the museum is free Tuesdays from 1-5pm.When I did visit it was still IMAX, but has since changed format to CTI 3D Giant screen. This was my first IMAX experience and I was totally blown away. The first film was a safari. Scenes of flying over the Serengeti, with that immense screen, gives you the sensation of flying. The sound was incredible. One scene with flies buzzing, was so clear some sitting near us were swatting and swishing their hands around their ears. I've only seen a couple other IMAX movies. Deep Sea, narrated by Johnny Depp and NASCAR: The Experience. It is really cool to see the film projection room through the large picture window when they pull back the curtain. I would love to go see a movie on the new format soon. The Pink Palace Museum is one of the largest facilities of its kind in the Southeast. You can walk through a replica of the first self-service grocery store in the country, Clarence Saunders' Piggly Wiggly. I admit, the spiders are creepy, but I stayed long enough to look at their collection. Plan on spending most of your day here. With all the options, it could wear you out.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,11/6/2014,0,10,1,2,2>This was our first visit, but it was great.  We went during the week so there wasn't much crowd.  Kids loved everything.  There was enough to make it fun for adults as well. A few of the exhibits were not fully working, but overall it was great. We would go again!  We didn't do the splash park part.  Maybe next time.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/5/2014,4,14,1,3,4>I love this place. I live right down the street from here, and it is so great knowing that this oasis is in the middle of the city. My wife and I also got married here, so that's a huge plus as well.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,11/4/2014,49,72,1,4,3>Awesomely surprised, not as pricey as it looks. The ambiance is serene and sophisticated. The food is Seasonal, so my first time here a friend invited me for my birthday and the staff signed a birthday card...(sweet) A nice leather love seat and modern table to wait for your guest. The food was fresh and different reflecting the summer month. And I loved the perfect little selections of deserts in the shot glasses, they were delicious. The server was very attentive and they even have free valet service...of course I tipped. Overall, very nice for dinner and treating out of town guests. I will be back.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,11/3/2014,83,147,2,4,1>You definitely must come to Uncle Lou's. You will thank me for the recommendation. When I arrived here for the first time, the line was almost out of the door however it was well worth the wait.I had their chicken finger dinner with the sweet sauce mild (you must have this sauce). I also tried their biscuits and they were soft, buttery, warm and delicious. All in all, you will definitely appreciate the great tasting food here. Enjoy.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/1/2014,39,55,1,5,4>My wife and I went out with friends Friday night and they had just gotten back from New Orleans and after all that talk of great Cajun food I just couldn't get New Orleans food out of my head. But in my defense neither could my wife. We discussed the next day where we should venture to that Saturday. I suggested a couple of places but when I told her about The Second Line that seemed to spark an interest so off we went.It was a very warm July afternoon and my wife wanted to sit on the patio. I don't like to sweat when I eat but was pleasantly surprised with the nice breeze as well as the fans they had, luckily blowing right at us. The patio is beautiful and I can't wait to go back at night. It definitely had a New Orleans vibe. The menu is small and not a ton of options but I liked the choices that they give you. I love Po'boys but I wasn't in the mood for them so I ordered the Fried Seafood Plate and my wife ordered the Fried Shrimp. It was all lightly fried to perfection. I loved the vinegar cole slaw but my wife didn't. More for me! The fries were great and on our next visit I'll have to get the appetizer with the pimiento cheese on them. It was an abundance of food and we enjoyed every bite.I love the food and the atmosphere and the service is good but not great. That's the only reason I didn't give a five star review. Hopefully next time the service will be as good as the food.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/31/2014,47,89,4,7,6>Great alternative bookstore and music store. Certainly counterculture. John loaned me a lowebow guitar for a photoshoot.   Nice guy. A lowebow is a cigar box guitar. Lots of great guitars and basses. Highly recommended.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/12/2014,106,49,1,10,5>I recently moved into a house down the street from this coffee shop the same day as their grand opening.Founded by a few Mid-South Christian College students/alums, this non-profit coffee shop is the epitome of neighborhood hangout.It's located in a neighborhood just south of University of Memphis, called Normal Station.Nestled between a cottage and a residential street for off-street parking, Avenue Coffee is the go-to walkable place to sip some joe and meet friends after work or for a quick breakfast / break.They have free wifi and are putting up a TV while I type this.There is even a piano and they welcome local artists to play here and look forward to having indie student films showcased here soon.Each month they plan on partnering with a nonprofit to raise awareness and money for them.Not only do I admire it because it's walking distance from my house, but this quintessential need for a neighborhood hangout makes this quaint coffee shop so charming.Chalkboard walls and tables invite conversations with friends beyond 140 characters and I really hope that they stay open for a VERY long time.The pour-over coffee is brewed locally by REVERB coffee and one of the owners' mother is the adorable baker, enticing coffee goers to taste her creations.Last Saturday, she had me try this Orange Cranberry Muffin that was to-die for.Their prices are super fair and their hours are great for late-night coffee goers (Mon.-Sat. 8am - midnight)Don't wanna check this place out on your own? Tweet me @andrewjpg and lets grab a cup of joe.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,6/11/2014,4,68,2,7,4>Full disclosure - while I like Elvis, I'm not a huge fan.  I'd driven by Graceland's gates after moving here but never had the desire to go in.  When some visiting family/friends wanted to see Graceland, I went along.If you're an Elvis fan, this is likely a magical, perhaps even semi-religious experience.  I could see that on some of my fellow tourist's faces.  It's the house he and his family lived in, complete with furniture.  It's almost like he could step back in and resume life circa 1977, and Elvis's voice and life is brought to you via an audio recording you carry with you throughout.  Many people stop at his grave at the end and reflect.For a guy like me who isn't all that into Elvis, it's an interesting historical tour.  There's a lot to see: the famous gates, his planes, the famous rooms, personal correspondence, clothing, gold records, cars... the list goes on and on.   I'm more interested in stories, and there are a lot of those.  In some ways it was a look into the 50s-70s America because Elvis was such a part of pop culture then, and the way his image changed over time was a microcosm of a general change in culture.I'm glad I took the tour.   It's a bit pricey, but if you're an Elvis fan, you'll likely find it to be worth it.  If you're just interested in pop culture, it's a good trip for that too.  Also, if you are into Elvis, I highly suggest you take the Sun Studio tour in downtown Memphis, where Elvis, Johnny Cash, Jerry Lee Lewis, and others got their start.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,6/10/2014,105,145,,6,1>For years, I passed Golden India, and I'm not sure why.  It couldn't be that it was in a decaying Overton Square because I regularly dined at Memphis Pizza Cafe. It also can't be that I dislike Indian food, as I was eating twice a month at the India Palace on Poplar. I now regret that decision, for whatever the reason. I missed out on years of solid Indian cuisine.I have begun to enjoy cooking Indian food in my house, usually subbing tofu for any meat dishes, and trying to stick more to the flavorful and spicy vegetable meals. As my understanding and appreciation for the cuisine has grown, I have likewise enjoyed to eat Indian out of the home to garner a greater appreciation for the culture and differences in style of cooking. Golden India is one of the better Indian spots I've frequented. I don't get the reviews on poor service. Every time I am at Golden India, the staff bends over backwards to take care of you.  The water glass is almost constantly being re-filled. The meal comes out quickly, hot and delicious. They are always helpful to give recommendations, and will adjust the spice level to your preference. The naan is outstanding.  Although I am not a vegetarian, I prefer the vegetarian side of Indian cooking, and the vegetarian thali gives you several smaller portions of your choice: one papadum, two vegetables, daal, basmathi rice, naan, raita, dessert, chutney and cofee/tea. What a meal.If I had to now choose between my former favorite on Poplar and Golden India, I will choose Golden India. Four stars, and already excited about my next trip.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,6/9/2014,13,85,,5,3>lunch - fresh and delicious pizza - quick service did not try gluten free but will def try next time i had the veggie pizza at the bartender/server's recommendation - excellent not too busy and did not object to decor as one person did - i thought it  was not too noisy and pleasant will try  more items next time for sure!!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,6/8/2014,87,274,2,6,3>A few years ago a restaurant opened in Cooper Young, called Soul Fish.  It quickly became a very popular eatery.  In fact, it has become so popular that it has expanded, and they have 3 locations now. They serve local beer.  Yay!It's always busy.  They, of course, have awesome fish, and amazing sides!  I had the whole catfish, which was diving.  The mac' n cheese is awesome.  The greens are cooked and more importantly seasoned to perfection.  The okra is also amazing.  The pickled tomatoes are soooo good.  To be real, everything is awesome.  If you want some great catfish and some phenomenal sides, eat at Soul Fish!  The food is not expensive.  This is the place to go for a traditional dinner meal.  It's not fancy, but it is awesome.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,6/7/2014,37,74,2,3,2>I went here for lunch and they have amazing lunch menu. They have drink call pain killer n omg it's amazing as it sound I don't think u need to drink more after this drink if u looking for that buzz.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/6/2014,34,71,,4,3>I have been craving something different and this place really hit the spot. The owner and his wife are very friendly. Being that it was my first time here, the owner was kind enough to help me choose what to order. I had the vegetarian sambusa and bajiya for appetizers. Both blew my mind with the extra hot green salsa it comes with. The Hanid and Rice made me realize how I've missed goat meat. I took a lot of food to go, since the portions are very generous. Also ask them what kind of desserts they have, it's not on the menu. I chose the tiramisu to go and his wife told him not to charge me for it. Overall I liked how chill this place is, the owners are awesome, and the food is great, plus very low price.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/5/2014,24,66,2,4,3>The Zoo is the crown jewel of Memphis.  The exhibits are superbly displayed and maintained impeccably.  The layout is logical and welcoming. Plenty of benches restrooms snacks photo spots gift shops and adventures for all ages. Membership $70-120 pays for itself with just a few visits and includes parking. No need to see everything in one day just go frequently and enjoy the surroundings. Animals of distinction are pandas giraffes zebras sea lions polar bears penguins pelicans birds lions cheetahs monkeys and much much more. The hippo is great. The new Sting Ray exhibit is fantastic!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/4/2014,240,181,2,3,3>This location is great. I love this new neighborhood. Parking is good with the adjacent lot. We came for the Street Dog function. Sadly, the rain pushed us inside. But the appetizer was amazing. We had the Chicken and Waffles sliders. I then had the Pork Chop for my meal. The Gouda Mac and Cheese was delicious. I recommend this restaurant to everyone. Come on by.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,6/3/2014,56,214,3,5,3>As a carnivore, this place was extremely tasty for having no association with animals, so to speak.  Totally recommended.  I was even sold on the vegan mac and "cheese"...after a few bites...and some hot sauce.  :)
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,6/16/2013,87,274,1,6,4>Once a month, some friends and I get together for what we call Fancy Food Monday.  We take turns choosing a restaurant, and this time it was my turn.  Acre is kind of hidden.  It is not on a restaurant street and it is in a house that looks like a log cabin inside.We each ordered a different appetizer and a different main course, so that we could try as much as possible.One friend ordered the goat cheese ravioli.  It wasn't a traditional ravioli, but it was great, nonetheless.My absolute favorite was tomato tartare and we decided it was surrounded by fried hummus sticks.  They have cooked octopus I've had it before but normally it was a sushi dish.  This was probably my 2nd favorite.  I ordered the pâté.  I think this was my first time having it.  It was very good, but very rich.  A little went a long way.  I'd order it again, but I'd probably rather have less.  On to the main courses...We all had differing opinions as to which was the best.  We agreed that everything was good, so it's probably a matter of personal taste.One friend had the Wild Striped Bass.  Personally, this was my least favorite.  It tasted like really good fish, but it didn't stand out to me.  Another one had the Sturgeon.  This is my new favorite fish.  It was so meaty.  I will definitely order this in the future next time I see it on a a menu.  It's like grouper, but even better.  Also it was sitting on a bed of brussel sprouts and bacon.  It was delish.   I love red meat.  I love rare meat.  I love lamb.  This was my absolute favorite of the evening.  It was on a bed of polenta a collard greens.  To die for...Another friend had the Braised Angus Beef Short rib.  This may not have been my favorite, but this was probably the most tender meat I have ever eaten.  It literally almost melted in your mouth.  And no fancy meal can be complete without a dessert.  The waiter talked us into this one.  He said it was one of their signature desserts... date cake.  It was good.  I'm more of a chocolate person, but everyone loved it.  More up my style is  Milk Chocolate-Peanut Butter Cremeux.  It came with whoppers on the side.  I don't care for them.  However this was delicious.  It is more mousse like than anything.  Acre did not disappoint.  I also noticed that they have a bar menu.  I may have to go back there for the bar menu and try the burger and the truffle potato chips.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in Memphis.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/15/2013,192,191,8,7,4>Why Isn't this rated higher? ITS CHIPOTLE, GUISE!!I freaking love chipotle. Their rice is unbeatable (this is in comparison to Moes vs. Qdoba vs. Chipotle). Their meat is DERICIOUS. always warm, tender, and tastes amazing. Seriously. I'm not trying to knock the other chains, but their chicken you simply cannot beat. They always load it up and give you alot of the stuff that you want (i always ask for extra things). I love chipotle. You can't go wrong here. The only complaint I've heard from trying to convert non-chipotle-ans into chipotle-ans is that they don't offer the same nachos and queso that Moe's does. That doesn't bother me, bc I'm too freaking stuffed from my REGULAR chipotle burrito to even consider eating some more chips and queso. People swear by the guac here!!  (i am not one of those, but listen to the others)During halloween, they always have some kind of special. this year it was a $2 Boo-rito (dress in a costume, get a $2 burrito). Love it!!!Go to Chipotle. We need more than one in this city.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,6/14/2013,65,212,3,3,1>I've only been here one time, and I've only tasted one thing here (the breakfast biscuit with egg and cheese) -- but, slap-my-mama, it was DELICIOUS!!  Because of my recent run-in with lard-laden donuts at a Midtown standby, I was on the high alert and asked if these biscuits have lard in them.  The lady working the counter looked really confused and said she hadn't seen any lard, and then one of the owners/cooks/dudes in charge(?) in the back piped up and told me the secret ingredients (which do not include lard).  The biscuit was about half as big as my head, sturdy enough to hold up to the egg and American cheese, and I would go back to this place basically any day of the week.Park in the Lowe's parking lot.  Do not believe Google maps, or the address, or you will be driving up and down Summer like a lunatic.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,6/13/2013,28,127,2,3,2>Very cool family run 'Coffee' shop (the name translated is 'Coffee' :)).Wonderful owners and well made coffee, this place has been converted from an old local bank location. It features a cold case of pastries, some of which are very good. I'd recommend they source some of the great local donut shops as well though as this place is constantly full of bike cops as thy cruise downtown.Wifi is available and there is a seating bar, leather armchairs and cafe table seating available. It captures the old style cafe with a nice modern aesthetic.Glad I live above it!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/12/2013,25,107,3,5,4>I hardly ever drive downtown anymore; instead, I park near the Medical Center (for free on weekends!) and catch the westbound Madison Avenue Trolley. In addition to the fact that the trolley itself is inherently cool and the ride much more relaxing than a drive into downtown traffic, the trolley ride back to my car affords an extra few minutes to "clarify" if one has imbibed a malt beverage or two too many.Super Cheapskate Bonus: As is the case for the entire MATA system, rides on the trolley are only 25 cents on days in which an ozone warning has been issued for the city. Take that, pollution!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2012,6/11/2013,62,119,3,5,5>Finally, after almost a year living in Memphis (or rather, my stuff), I make it here to Earnestine & Hazel's.  What can I say about this place?  A lot.  This is one of those memorable spots that you'll just always remember no matter who you are.  This is basically one of the coolest dive bars I've ever been in. There's just a certain Je ne sai quoi to this place, from the pics of the random past and current celebs on the wall, to the upstairs brothel (defunct of course).  This place just drips swag and has that "I'm that spot" feel to it.  It's hard to explain it but you just have to experience it yourself.Oh yeah, then there's the Soul Burger.  Do what I did and man up and get two patties on the burger.  Eat it, chug 2 beers and then thank me later.  The beers are super cheap as well.If you haven't been to this place, you should be on your way right now.  It's definitely worth the trip and the time.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/10/2013,123,66,,5,2>As the previous Elite yelper Torri had stated best, it is an experience from when you find the place to dining in it. The feeling of being welcomed home is probably how i would best phrase it. Being pleasantly greeted by Joe and your orders being taken by him and waiting for the home cooked meal by Mrs Bach. The key to a great meal is time and its preparation. Mrs. Bach has made it well known that her food comes within Time and Preparation, so if you are in need for a quick in a out, i would suggest you steer away. But if you do want that homecooked meal feeling, do get comfy, stir up a conversation and read some of the other Yelpers reviews and possibly some publishings that Lotus has made it into if available. You won't be disappointed.Feels like Vietnam. You don't have to travel half way around the world for authenticity. Its quite a Hidden gem in Memphis.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,6/9/2013,110,37,,3,3>Otherlands is my go-to office space (and just down the road) when I need a change of scenery from my studio or home. With plenty of tables and chairs, this is the place to get work done, converse with friends, chill out, or whatever. Otherlands also has a lot of live local music, so check their facebook page for updated info.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,6/8/2013,10,104,,3,1>This place is exceptional!!! Great diner ambiance and the staff are very friendly.They have at least 10 different types of bagels. So if you're a bagel nut, this is your place.The pastrami skillet with eggs were awesome and the old classic, bagel with smoked salmon, tomato, onions, capers, and cream cheese was mouthwatering. We also had a side of sausage, it was also quite dainty. I was also quite impressed with their coffee. I actually liked it.The place was pretty crowded on a Sunday, especially after church but we were lucky enough to get a seat after we came in.Again it has a great diner experience and very nice to your pocketbook. I highly recommend it, especially if you love fresh food and bagels. Did I mention that they have 10 or more different types of bagels?Try it and you will enjoy it.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,6/7/2013,106,53,6,7,3>Mis Cordelia's How do I love thee....let me count the ways....I love thee for your convience being the only store for us Mud Island/Harbortown folksI love thee for your ability to have every missing (even occassionly obscure) item that you discover you don't have when you are in the middle of a recipe or preparing for a dinner partyI love thee for the high quality fresh fruits, vegatables, meats and seafood (even though it cost an arm and 3 legs)I love thee for your commitment to stocking local products on your shelves and turning me on to several made in Memphis seasonings and saucesI love thee for your extensive gluten-free collection now that I am trying to get gluten out of my diet.I love thee for carrying Las Delicias guac and chips!I love thee for your yummy prepared sandwichesI could go on and on with this....seriously this is about the most completely stocked store I have EVER been in.  If they don't have it you probably don't need it.   They have very fresh food, an incredible variety of offerings and good prepared dishes to boot.  I love that they focus on local mom and pop companies for many of their prepared things and seasonings and spices.  only complaint is the prices (and that is why I docked them a star...otherwise they are 5 star in my book)...they know they have folks on the island by the short and curlies and we pay for it.  But I still am not mad.  This is not a place to do you regular shopping but for a few missing items...a quick dinner or some unique memphis based gift...this place can't be beat!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,8/11/2014,114,317,1,8,3>Quite possibly some of the best food I've had out in a long time. For real.My sweet husband wanted to take me out on a date tonight and the stars must have been aligned - we both wanted Italian. I suggested Cafe Fontana based upon a previous lunch here with my daughter. There are multiple fireplaces and the atmosphere (the restaurant is in a converted home) is quaint and romantic.We split a Carpaccio salad for an appetizer that had thinly sliced apple, radicchio, pecans, gorgonzola, prosciutto, and balsamic vinegar. All the zones on my tastebuds were singing in perfect harmony! For entrees, my husband chose the chicken marsala and I went with the evening special - clams with Italian sausage and angel hair pasta. I had a bite of his and he a bite of mine, but we were both quite smitten with our own choices, so that was the extent of the sharing. My dish was just perfect. I was in heaven. My husband's marsala was right on as well. How the chef got that chicken as tender as he did was a topic of conversation for a good five minutes. Delicious!Service was nice, professional, and friendly. It's nice to see a staff really believe in the chef and what the kitchen is putting out. A server not even waiting on us heard us talking about how much we had enjoyed our meal and brought out the brunch menu for us to peruse. It's little things like that that make a restaurant successful! We will definitely be returning for more Italian goodness!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/10/2014,34,149,3,6,3>A tad pricey, but you will leave here with a great case of happy-mouth. Also, service was great. One of the few places I have given five stars.We went for lunch and had the Calabrese (region of Italy) sausage as well as the 'Shroom pizza.The sausage was served atop a slab of sweet cornbread with layers of collard greens and black-eyed peas, then garnished with pickled red onion slivers.The pizza was great as was, however, I think I'd request extra mushrooms and sauce next time just to jack it up a notch.We almost ordered the Poutine as an appetizer, but figured it'd be a bit much for lunch. We were right. The next table did and the portion was huge. They also commented that it was delicious.We will return and want to try the burger (with pickled lettuce) and shrimp & grits.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,8/9/2014,16,41,3,7,4>I don't typically associate high-end dinner with Chicken and Waffles, but I will forever have the equation of "Flight=Chicken & Waffles" cemented in my brain. Flight hits the nail on the head with their dining experience. The food, the service, the alcohol, and the ambience is all executed with precision and class. Also, no one chuckled when I tripped over the last step going upstairs, so thank you people of Memphis for not laughing as I nearly headbutted the floor. The brilliance of Flight is well... flights. When going to a restaurant for the first time, you are usually faced with the daunting task of picking only one of several mouth watering entrees. Flight thinks that that is stupid, and that you should try 3 things. I love them for it. Get a flight of wine, beer, desserts, and basically any category of things on their menu.Do not miss out on their appetizers. For $19 you can get the Ocean Flight, which comes with a solid portion of the best calamari I've ever had, a jumbo lump crab and lobster cake, and BBQ shrimp in a zesty sauce. For your entree(s), you can build a custom flight of 3 from any of their entrees listed, as well as select just 1 entree and get a full sized portion. No matter what you do, try the Chicken and Waffles. Somebody at your table needs to order them and you need to take a bite, because they are on a whole 'nother level. I would have never thought mushroom cream would pair well with chicken and waffles, but it works so well. I also filled out my flight with the boursin stuffed filet and the australian lamb chop. I can't recommend each item highly enough, and can't wait to go back again and put 2 new things on my flight (Chicken and Waffles is officially on the roster).Hopefully, next time I won't trip.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/8/2014,9,78,3,2,2>We order take out from this place ALL the time! They are very friendly and will fix something for you, even if it's not on menu! I've never actually eaten inside the restaurant, but their delivery service is organized and quick! We've probably ordered from them 30 times and our food has never been wrong!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/7/2014,22,44,5,6,3>I have been meaning to try Bryant's for years and finally got the chance this morning.  When I saw a line of 30+ people winding around the outside of the building like dominoes in the middle of the pouring rain, I figured they must be doing something right.  Indeed, they are.  The line moved at a reasonable speed (and kept growing--it was longer when I left than when I arrived) and I was impressed at the mechanical efficiency of the workers manning the hot griddles.  That is NOT an easy job.  Everyone behind the counter was extremely friendly and my to go order was ready within 5 minutes of placing it.  I tried the bacon egg and cheese biscuit for me, a sausage biscuit for my husband, and potato cakes and grits.  The biscuits are out of this world--flaky, buttery, substantial with the perfect amount of salt.  Anything you put on these biscuits would be incredible.  I enjoyed the potato cakes, but if you aren't big on onion (like my husband) that it might not be your thing.  Outside of the ones my grandfather served us as kids, these grits are the finest I can remember having in a restaurant.  I usually am a cheese grits girl, but these honestly didn't need it.  The texture of the buttery concoction was smooth and perfect.  I will agree with a previous post that most of the fare needs to be doctored with salt and pepper to the individual's liking (which is nice for those who prefer their food unseasoned).  With salt and pepper, the grits became glorious.  If you are looking for something healthy (or fancy), this is not the place (I ran 5 miles before getting take out here and no doubt negated it with my meal . . . but it was very much worth it).  If you want a damn good, steal of a deal on a delicious American breakfast, this is definitely your place.  Like almost every establishment on Summer Avenue, the bathroom is a scary place so try to avoid having to go in there.  And don't forget that it is CASH ONLY.  It would stink to wait in that long line and have to start over.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,8/6/2014,8,112,1,3,2>I have been hearing great things about High Cotton's tap room since it's opening. After our visit  last night my comment is - well done. The decor is sleek and modern. We didn't stay inside for long, but headed to the covered outdoor space that has a huge fan. It was very pleasant. There is also some sidewalk seating.  What else?  Oh the beer - great!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,8/5/2014,897,149,1,7,3>As those of you that know me, I call them as I see them.  I have been coming to this place since it opened.  I had several special events here but in the last few years I just have not come here very often.My friend and his wife wanted my wife and I to join them for dinner here last week.  This was one of the best one of the best overall experiences to date.  The minestrone soup was excellent as was the eggplant.  My wife's salad was very fresh and her veal piccata was very good.Service was over the top and the owner dropped by to make sure we were happy.A big plus is the wine list.  Very nice selection and at reasonable prices.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,8/4/2014,98,357,1,5,1>Really enjoyed the lunch buffet. Large selection that was hot and fresh as the place was packed and the food was turning over non stop. Breads, vegetables, meats, chutneys, desserts, all great! Large menu to order from if you'd rather. Completely a mom and pop place with very little spent on the decor. They have wisely spent their money and time on the food. If you like Indian food this is a must go to place!  Will be back for sure!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,8/3/2014,56,104,,3,2>We've really been trying to branch out but my husband insisted that we go to Elwood's Shack yet again.  We sat outside and enjoyed their best fish tacos yet!  Perfectly cooked.  Our son had the BBQ quesadilla and loved it (VERY cheesy!).  This place is awesome.   They don't sell beer...we would have loved a cold frosty to go with their excellent food.  You can, however, bring your own beer.  If you're a Memphian and haven't eaten here, you are seriously missing out.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/2/2014,74,30,5,7,6>Whoever owns Gibson's must be a visual person, because the donut case would even make the artist Wayne Thiebaud swoon. I've been here twice at really odd hours (not morning) and I was impressed at the great presentation of the donuts. They still looked pretty, no weird reject after noon donuts. No fingerprints on the glass. Full shelves. I tell you, it was a thing of beauty. I was taking pictures like some kind of weirdo. I couldn't help it. Plus there were some cool abstract paintings on the wall that reminded me of Diebenkorn. Then I tasted the donuts. Cue *angels singing*. The chocolate eclair aka long john, whatever you wanna call it--was an experience. I keep thinking about it. Everyone hypes up the maple bacon, which is good and unique and all that, but the quality of the chocolate frosting and the custard in the eclair was just so darn good. I left inspired. From a donut shop.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,1/31/2012,7,65,3,3,2>It was all I could do not to drop F bombs while eating it was so good. I ate here for the first time today after a friend raved about it. Actually, I am still here right now as I type this! I had a chicken and pastor taco and they were both delicious and flavorful. The pastor was exceptionally flavorful. I had a chicken tamale and it was the best I have ever had in my life. I ate it plain because it was too good to cover up with sauce.The salsa is delicious and it tastes exactly like the salsa at La Hacienda which is my favorite in the world so that was an added bonus. The chips are different and unlike any I've had at a Mexican restaurant. They grow on you and are delicious.The guacamole is really good, just as everyone has said. It grows on you, too, as you are eating it. I love chunky guacamole and not many places make it like this. Casa Mexicana on Hacks Cross is the first place where I had chunky guacamole. I had to add a little salt and pepper but by the time I got to the bottom I was eating it with a dang spoon! Didn't want to leave a droplet!All I can say is if anybody prefers Guadalupana to this place they have to be in a padded cell or going there for the goat, tongue and eyeballs or whatever the heck else they serve. I am a Mexican-a-Holic and this is now my favorite place in town. I still love me some La Hacienda but I will be craving this like a mo-fo until I can get back over here. I am so full I feel like I need to have my stomach pumped and already can't wait to get back.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,1/30/2012,37,82,,2,2>I'm new to Memphis and went to Rachel's this morning. I was able to call 15 min before they opened and get an appointment which was great for a Saturday. Liza spent a long time on my hair and had no problem making it shorter when I realized I didn't ask for it to be as short as I wanted. Price was $40 which seems to be the standard starting point for Memphis salons. I'll be going back.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,1/29/2012,9,26,5,9,7>This place is GOOD.  I had heard a few so/so reviews, so maybe it depends on what you order or how long you wait in line.  Let me save you some time.  Make a reservation, then go to eat and drink well.  My wife and I started with cocktails.  I had the Old Memphis (an updated old fashioned) while she had the Tennessee Mule (a Moscow Mule made with their own homemade ginger beer)  BOTH were great.  Ordered a bottle of Chianti with dinner, so we were feeling no pain.  Still could taste though, so I can assure you the gnocchi and the chicken liver were each as good as the other reviews say they are.  After some more time, she had the lamb as an entree to rave reviews.  I had the duck breast - I repeatedly can't believe how succulent that dish is in the hands of good chef.  These can't be the same birds I bring home from Arkansas.  Regardless, get the duck breast.Finished off with a chocolate torte, (C'mon, we're celebrating a birthday here).  So good.  Even nice enough to decorate the plate with a Happy Birthday message that I had forgotten I had mentioned when I made the reservation.  All in all, great night, great place and I look forward to going back.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,1/28/2012,18,66,9,10,8>Normally a restaurant that has long waits, horrible parking and cramped seating irritates me. The one exception: The Commissary.I would wait for hours, park a mile away and sit in a strangers lap for THREE of their menu items. Yes, three. First: their BBQ nachos. Their BBQ, in general, I think, is the best in Memphis. Whether it's on a sandwich, by itself or on nachos, it is juicy and perfectly seasoned and probably something made in Heaven. Second: their potato salad. I can't even explain how wonderful it is. I use to go by and get a quart of it and eat it for every meal until it was gone (please, don't judge me). Third: their banana pudding. Banana pudding is one of my favorite desserts, and I have tried it in several places. The commissary takes first place!Please ignore the long wait and the bad parking and the seating. You will forget about it once you taste the amazing food!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,1/27/2012,35,59,5,10,6>Every experience we've had here is fantastic.  The service is quick and friendly.The trio of salsas set the standard for what could and should be served as accompaniment to mexican food. The standout is the salsa verde which is made with jalapeno, cilantro, and avocado.  It's a little creamy and pretty hot, but embodies freshness. The barbacoa  and lengua are my favorites.  The chicharrón are outstanding as well.  If you're not sure what it is, ask for a sample.This is the best authentic Mexican we've found in Memphis. Don't come here looking for crunchy tacos with cheese, come here for great, authentic food.OH - you can bring your own bottle. We usually bring beer in a little cooler.  Pretty baller.The panaderia is awesome as well.  Keep in mind that Mexican pastry is not as sweet as American pastry. If you see something that looks like a little slice of cheese cake, GET IT.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,1/26/2012,25,131,4,9,4>This is the only place that I get meat. You can't beat the prices or the quality of the meat. Today I stopped by and got a half pound of bacon, two ribeys, and two pre-made burger patties that were bigger than a hockey puck. My total came to $12! The time before I went and bought 7 ribeye steaks for the grill for only $28. They have just about any type of meat product you want and the prices are just not going to be beat by anyone.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2012,1/25/2012,71,263,4,5,7>I have to agree with David T...The Half Shell East is a nicer, cleaner improvement to the Mendenhall location.  Their Oysters are consistently good and I think the Oyster Rockefeller they make is very good.  The peel and eat shrimp is always good and the shrimp is usually cooked just right.  The shrimp are also a nice size for the price.  They always have specials and I usually go with the grilled fish of the day sandwich.  Last time I was there I had a grilled salmon sandwich.  It was well prepared and had a perfect sauce to go with it.  I'd also recommend their Po-Boy's...Especially the soft shell crab Po-Boy...Nicely done and not greasy as you might expect.  They have a pretty extensive menu and everything is reasonably priced.  I like to hit this place after work because it's convenient, has a nice atmosphere and I've found the food to be pretty consistent.  Oh, and the spinach side is very tasty.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,1/24/2012,21,10,6,6,5>I had a great time here Saturday PM, with the  wait staff was excellent, kept my tea full , and Jessica made a recommendation of her favorites, so I was all in.  I enjoyed the shrimp rolled in bacon appetizers, and the modified Burrito Mexicano... I nixed the BBQ sauce, and had them put on queso  instead, oh yum cheese overload~! Hey it was so tasty I didn't even get so upset the SAINTS lost to SF~!  ;)Bring a friend, and dare them to eat  the whole shrimp ball in one bite  :D
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,1/23/2012,10,20,5,10,6>Flight probably offers the best combination of food quality, elegance, and whimsy in Memphis.  With that said, if you're not ready to drop at least $75 per person, you'll be happier at almost any of Memphis' other upscale restaurants.  I've been to Flight twice now, and each time was a special occasion.  Go without a budget, and indulge yourself with a variety of courses and libations.  I like to start with the soup flight, move on to an entre flight (my favorite is the seafood) accompanied a bold red wine flight (I highly recommend the Big Bad Zin), and split a dessert with the wife.  In fact, I generally let her handle the heavy lifting on the dessert while I ensure passenger status for the ride home by sampling a bourbon flight.  The service is impeccable and the atmosphere is intimate yet chic.  The concept of each course being available in flights is elegant instead of kitschy -- although this is not a place you'd likely put in your regular rotation.  For those who have never been, it will be an impressive experience.  One caveat:  if you're thinking of going on a romantic holiday, beware of pre-fixe menus.  We had reservations last New Years Eve and found out 3 days beforehand that there would be a chef's pre-set menu.  Out of principle, we cancelled and rescheduled for the next night (I know, we really stuck it to them -- freeing up a table on their busiest night and filling a table on a much slower night).
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,1/22/2012,30,19,12,6,9>At 6 a.m. when the glaze is still clear from warmth of freshly cooked donuts, a fat girl can have as good a time here as a George Clooney date at the Oscars. And when the donut's near, I turn and face the counter, my friend don't stand too near, I'll slap your face, this is for certain, I've slept a night too short, I've traveled 'round Truse block and parkway, and more, much more than this, I ate them my way.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,4/23/2014,75,160,1,10,7>I'm not sure if I'm in love with this place or not. When I lived in Colorado I had my eyebrows done at Anastasia and I absolutely loved the work they did. The Anastasia salon had a process that included:  out brows, waxing/tweezing, filling in the brows, highlighting and using a clear gel to keep the brows in place. The end product was amazing brows. I would leave feeling the same way you feel when you get an amazing haircut. When I moved to Memphis I was getting my brows threaded and they had gotten super thin and looked horrible. It was clear I needed to let them grow in and start over. I know they didn't have much to work with when I arrived but they have all the tools needed to give you fantastic brows. When I left Gia Marina I was told it was going to take some time to grow my brows back in but they were getting better. I will admit they did look better but they didn't look perfect and for $25 I wanted eyebrow perfection. I'll try this place again but I'm not sure if I'll become a regular. If I were the owner I would:1. Have on-line booking2. Tell the young blond gal at the front desk not to talk negatively about people or other businesses in front of clients.3. Ask those who come in groups to stay in the waiting area and not stand around the dividers.4. Do the full brow start to finish not just tweezing.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,4/22/2014,102,55,3,9,4>Going to lunch here today was not on purpose.  After church this morning my mom and I were on out way to P.F.Changs.  I had not been to that place in ages and i was looking forward to eating some yummy rice.  However, after we parked my mom said look a new pizza place....so we changed our minds at the last minute and went to Pyro's.  We walk in not knowing what to expect.  The menu looked great and by the looks of the line almost outside the door, I could tell the food must be good.  We waited in that line for 35 minutes.  It was the longest 35 minutes EVER considering how hungry I was and we almost left because of how long the line was.  In the end we were very glad we stuck it out.   We finally got to order.  I discovered it is one of those make it yourself places like Booyah's.  The people were very nice and helpful to us newbies.  I love the fact that we pizza's are 8.50 and you can add as many toppings are you wish.  Other places it is an extra .75 or something like that to add additional toppings.  I could load up my pizza and it all costs the same.  Loved it. The pizza did not take long at all, unlike the wait in line to order the pizza! haha. Now, I am not a huge fan of the thin crust pizza.  I like the original crust that is doughy BUT this pizza was amazingly good!  It was cooked to perfection.  The size is perfect for one person so if you go with someone else I would definitely get your own pizza.  My mom and I were going to split one but very glad at the last minute decided to get our own.  I definitely look forward to going back to this place when i am in a pizza mood!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,4/21/2014,71,41,3,8,6>It's truly rare I can give a business 5 stars and not only have NOTHING to mention in a critical fashion, but as well be completely astounded by all aspects of the experience. Mulan Asian Bistro was nothing short of spectacular. I went here on a Saturday afternoon and was so impressed, I decided to return the very next evening for an early dinner. We walked in and were greeted by the hostess who just seemed to love her job. She kind of just guided us in the area we should sit and let us choose our own table. Once my guest and I gravitated to one to our liking, she smiled and said, "will this be alright?" The server, Katrina, thoroughly explained the menu. By the way, their menu is HUGE! They have at least 10 pages of descriptive entrées ranging from house recommendations (popular and *safe* choices) to some down-right adventurous and authentic Asian cuisine, towards the back. I noticed things like scrambled eggs with black fungus, and soup with curdled blood. Don't fret, they have Americanized Chinese food too! Anything ranging from kung pao chicken to spicy beef and broccoli. In a very, VERY impressive twist, and staying so true to the CoYo area and midtown in general, Mulan boasts a SUPER impressive vegetarian-friendly menu! I counted at least 8 different (completely different) tofu dishes alone. They also have a whole separate page just for sautéed Chinese vegetable entrees (the sautéed baby Bok choy looked particularly appealing) . My non-vegetarian guest and I ate the general Tso's tofu and it was nothing short of phenomenal.Our sever also explained how all the sauces were made in-house, not bought pre-bottled. As much as you may want to shrug your shoulders at this, just taste any sauce on any menu item. You can tell the chefs worked hard to perfect the sauces to just the right consistency and flavor.  Hands down 5 stars because this place is everything you could ever want from an Asian eatery in midtown with excellent service, drinks, and food. They have a small patio if you want to dine outside, though the interior is great too. Prices are very moderate! Oh, and heads up - if you see the chili pepper on the menu, don't take it for granted; it's going to be SPICY!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/20/2014,272,182,,8,6>Since moving here to Memphis, I have had a hard time finding amazing pizza.  I had found some that were pretty good, but nothing like the ones that would blow me away back home.  That is, until I discovered the Lost Pizza Company.  They just had a grand opening here in Memphis this past weekend and they were actually donating part of their proceeds to a local community organization, so I decided to go.  To my surprise, this was an establishment where you order and pay at the counter, but the rest of the layout is very much a restaurant style.  My eyes widened when I saw they had thick crust pizza; a style that seemed to be lost on the city of Memphis.  I ordered the individual pepperoni and sausage pizza and the lady ordered the individual buffalo chicken pizza, with some garlic cheese bread to split.  There was a small area of the restaurant behind the soda machines with three booths and a big screen TV; we had decided to sit there.  The garlic cheese bread came out and it was very good.  The bread was solid in the crust and soft in the interior, and they did not skimp on the cheese.  I only wish it had been slightly more of a garlic presence.  Overall though, still quite good.  Then the pizza's came out and a smile grew over my face, as I had found the pizza I was looking for.  One bite into my pizza and I was completely sold.  The pizza is very doughy and rich in flavor; they are liberal with their toppings and everything comes together in perfect balance.  I had a bite of my girlfriend's pizza and it too was quite amazing.  The only reason why I am docking this place a star is because we tried the Chicken Alfredo pasta on our next visit and it definitely did not even come close to the greatness that was their pizza.  However, the pizza and the ambiance here is truly amazing I am certainly looking forward to coming back here time and time again!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,4/19/2014,28,111,1,7,5>Don't be scared when you pull up, because this place is amazing! Granted, you are going to wait for AWHILE for your food but it is worth it... Take a book! Joe and his wife have run this place for over 30 years. Joe is the wait staff and his wife is the chef.. Hence the long wait time. They use all fresh ingredients, including fresh herbs that Joe grows! The stock is actual stock, very very rare! If you are lucky enough to get to know Joe then you definitely won't be disappointed. He's a man that still has a sense of humor despite his sad past. He didn't get to see his family ever again after leaving Vietnam when he was 10. He sometimes tells stories about how he wishes everyday that he could try the food (or at least remember how to make) the food his father used to make for him. So go here and support this local diamond in the rough!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,4/18/2014,13,163,,6,4>This place clearly has the chops to make great food, but also is clearly suffering from Memphis's lack of interest in this type of food.  The evening we went we were the only clients for dinner.  That's a real shame, as the food showed extreme promise.  The only real down side was the rice, which clearly was left over from lunch (probably in a rice cooker on warm, or something).Aside from the rice, everything was fresh and well seasoned.  The one guy on duty made it all himself, a short wait but not too bad.  The location is part store, part restaurant done up in a bit of an odd way, but not off putting.If it were closer to the house I would go more often.  I wish Memphis would support this sort of place more, as I think it would be awesome if it were busy!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,4/17/2014,33,56,2,8,5>I just love the atmosphere of this place.  The floor to ceiling bar is breathtaking; and the fact that it is two-sided with seating all around definitely increases the availability of a spot to park your bum.  The lounge feel also makes it a great spot for a girls' night or even a late evening cocktail with your date.  I used to eat dinner here sometimes (love the fish tacos) until I had their Sunday brunch.  What a great selection and large portions!  (a far cry from the tapas-sized dinner selections)
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/16/2014,122,128,7,9,9>I had to give my 100th review to this Memphis staple. Their fried chicken is heaven, pure and simple. Picture this: You sit down at a table and look at the menu. What do you see? A simple menu consisting of only different cuts of fried chicken and sides. They make it only one way - hot and spicy. It's not going to kill you if you're sensitive to spice. But it's just right.Order the 2 piece white with sides. Their fries are great but you can't go wrong with any of them. Your food is ready lickety-split. It wasn't sitting under a heat lamp either, it's FRESH!They've perfected their chicken and it shows.Eat it, love it, regret it later. This ain't no health food store. Enjoy it!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,4/15/2014,289,203,6,6,4>Some people think this place is for the elderly but if you ever need a quick way to enjoy some vegetables this is the place to go! You can get a plate for like $5!!! Oh and I finally tried the weekend breakfast buffett... I loved it! They had the omelet station and everything. Totally going back one day for that!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,4/14/2014,36,160,1,5,5>Ok I am going 5 stars now...this place never disappoints and this and maybe one other place is where I go to get my Mexican fix now....love the ladies that run the place. They now have a new jukebox playlist and patio all I need now is summer!!!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/23/2014,95,49,,7,5>Bayou might just have my favorite brunch in Memphis. Plus, let's be honest, I'm always cool with a place that gives you the option of a single, double or jumbo mimosa. If you're an eggs Benedict type, this place is gonna be your jam. I had the Oskar Benedict, which was absolutely amazing. I've also tried their French toast which is delightful, too. The service was great even though they were super busy. If you're wanting Sunday brunch, aim to be there when they open at 11. I left around 12:15 and there was a really long line.Try it out, folks!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/22/2014,30,46,4,3,3>Any place that let's me get away with a third free sample is going to get my money! I am always greeted by friendly staff. I've tried it all and love the place! It's bright and cheerful and a nice place to go on a gloomy day.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,5/21/2014,52,299,,10,3>I love love love love LOVE this place. Hubby and I came here yesterday during the rain and we missed the rush. As soon as we ordered and sat down to wait, about five more groups of people trickled in one by one until the place was full. And my husband had been worried that it was empty when we walked in. I was a little smug that it didn't remain so. The owner is extremely friendly and told us all about how the ingredients are all fresh and how he orders most of his ingredients (sometimes even the water!) from Italy. Authentic all the way! I really enjoyed watching him make and cook the pizza. The fire-cooking process is pretty amazing and I was pleasantly surprised at how quickly our pizza cooked once it went in the wood fired oven. All in all, it was a delightful process to watch. We ordered the Buffalo Chicken with extra cheese. All I could think was "So *this* is mozzarella." I honestly have never had cheese taste so good. I've never had pizza taste so good. The flavors were well balanced and not at all overpowering. I'm craving a slice just thinking about it. Summary: Oh my goodness I love this place. Go!! (But pay the extra buck to get extra cheese! Looking at the pics people posted, I realized my pizza was nothing like any of those and was completely covered, the way we expect our pizza to be.)LOVE!:- Four Cheese with green bell peppers, olives, and onions- Buffalo ChickenLike: - Hawaiian
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,5/20/2014,53,67,,6,4>During the recent #memice winter storm scare, I decided that if I were going to be snowed/iced in, I wanted my last meal to be delicious. We didn't get hit with the worst of the weather, but my dinner wasn't in vain. I was able to finally (okay, so the restaurant hadn't even been open a full week) try Kelly English's new eatery, the Second Line.The menu is separated into four categories: "Eat These Things First" (starters), "Poboys" (traditional New Orleans style sandwiches), "Plates" (entrees) and "Groceries" (sides). The space is casual, but classy. It would be a great place for a girls or guys night out, but it's nice enough to be a great date night destination. Tom and I arrived early (5:30 p.m.) on Thursday, and I would suggest that you do the same. By 6:30 p.m. the place was packed. Since there's no reservation system, and there's not much of a waiting area, you might find yourself standing around staring at everyone else's delicious food for quite a while. Once the weather perks up, the large patio will be available, and that should alleviate some of the pressure on the dining roomWe started with the Natchitoches meat pies. Think fried pie, stuffed with a savory filling and served with a creamy dipping sauce. They were delicious; I could have made a meal with just an order of those and side salad. For an entree, Tom chose the fried seafood plate, which is three types of seafood (oysters, shrimp and catfish) with fries and hushpuppies. I went with the Verno poboy, and it was just how a poboy should be - juicy, braised chicken thights, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato and pickles. All poboys come with a choice of one side. I snitched a couple of Tom's fries and chose cheese grits for myself. All in all, I think the Second Line is an excellent addition to Overton Square in Midtown, Memphis. They don't currently have their liquor license, so they're only serving beer at the moment. Before too long, diners will be able to select a delicious craft cocktail from the full bar and have access to the entire Restaurant Iris wine list.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/19/2014,29,99,,10,4>Why have I waited so long to enjoy this wonderful spot?As one enters Tamp and Tap, it becomes apparent that a lot of thought went into the design of this space. It feels warm and inviting. The only thing missing is a fireplace! There are ample tables and space to spread out and get some work done. Wi-Fi is quite fast!Onto the coffee. I got a plain latte. It was just wonderful - the espresso was smooth, fresh, and rich, and the foamed milk to steamed milk ratio was just right. They have to be using high quality beans - the really oily, dank kind :). I'd definitely steer for the more traditional coffee drinks - this place does the classics right. I wish I had tried the cold brew coffee, alas. What really surprised me was the quality of the food. I had the S.P.O. salad - fig-sorgham glazed chicken with greens and vegetables. The chicken was amazing as the glaze was bursting with authentic, rich, deep fig flavor. The quality of the vegetables was also outstanding; the tomatoes were very good for the time of year (winter). It was definitely worth the price, as it was a bountifully portioned meal.Thanks to the great overall experience, this will be my new hangout downtown when I'm working outside of the house.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,5/18/2014,42,318,,6,3>My wife and I have been trying to get into this place for awhile and finally made it last Saturday for lunch. Great atmosphere upstairs where smoking is allowed and a large downstairs with more sit down seating but a smaller bar. Amanda who was the upstairs bartender is bubbly and attentive. I had the "Daily Dog" which on this was a "Grind Dog". A grilled hoagie bun with a huge split, grilled dog with sauteed onions, sauerkraut and Dijon mustard and great thin fries. It really hit the spot. My wife had one of the brunch specials, a Lobster sandwich which she said was delicious. A good selection of cold beers on tap and in the bottle is a definite draw. This is going on my list of favorite "dive bars."
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,5/17/2014,49,72,,6,4>I'm impressed with the new modern approach to alternative healthcare. You go to the front desk, scan your card and take a seat. Drive-Thru adjustment that's practical and efficient. You can pay $19 first visit only, $29 per visit or a 4 visit monthly fee for $49 drafted from your card. I used to pay $40 a visit. This works perfectly for me!
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/16/2014,127,77,2,5,6>Great place to start, continue, or end the night... The fries are a must get!  Dance upstairs, piano downstairs... A must go to spot in Memphis!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/15/2014,59,133,,5,3>This is the cutest little place with top notch service!The inside is old an charming -- the very definition of "hole in the wall."The food is fresh and homemade. Their cornsticks are the bread of the gods. I've only had a handful of things from their menu, but everything I see being taken to tables makes me think you can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,5/14/2014,256,60,,10,4>Did a food tasting. The lobster flatbread appetizer was the best dish I tried!  The grilled lobster tail melted in my mouth.  My fish was a little under-cooked. I enjoyed the goat cheese filled ravioli. The key lime pie dessert was delish.  The dessert portion sizes are perfect. Some of the best desserts I've had in town. Love the piano bar!#Yelp901
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,4/16/2012,79,111,2,2,4>Last week I was fortunate enough to meet up with some fellow foodies to tackle this ginormous burger.  Seth Agranov, Tiffany Langston, Ken Rogers, and Kevin Martin, along with my Scott and Tiffany's husband, all joined forces against this 7.5 pound burger and a side of fries.  Though it would be an awesome feat for one of us to pull an Adam Richman and devour it solo, I think the idea scared every last one of us.  We are just not that good (and I am pretty sure my trainer Debby would give up on me and quit).This burger was definitely something to behold.  I went to the gym that morning to prep for the challenge, but I felt like I could have skipped it and done some curls with the platter instead.  Yes people, it is as heavy as it looks.We sat the burger down in the middle of the table, let Seth the burger man cut right in, and split the burger into 7 equal slices like a pie.  The burger looked a lot less daunting with 7 people sharing it.I was quite surprised when chowing down on this massive meal.  You would think such a large burger is solely on the menu as a novelty item, but it did not taste bad.  The burger was not burned to a crisp, but pretty juicy.  It was cooked a little longer than I like, but with so many people sharing it, you need to be on the safe side of what people like.  It tasted like a regular burger, full of flavor and juice.  The bread was warm and soft, and the veggie toppings tasted fresh.  Shawn Danko explained that they cook it just like a regular burger, don't flatten it but just let it ride.  You just have to cook it for a lot longer, like 45 minutes.  This burger is not my favorite in the city, but it was good.  I would not have a problem ordering  burger there again.The fries were pretty good as well.  I like that they keep the skin on them.  I think it adds a lot of flavor.We devoured the burger in approximately 10 minutes, and many were still hungry.  That's what happens when you share.  Some split the fried pickles, wings, and a chocolate chip cookie a la mode.  Some ordered drinks.  I was just perfectly content with the amount of food I ate, so I withstood.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,4/15/2012,46,54,7,14,10>Of all of the Barbecue Sandwiches in Memphis, the offering at Cozy Corner might be the most unique.There are rules about Memphis BBQ Pork Sandwiches. One of them is that they come on a white, round bun----Wonder Bread type bun.  No seeds or onion things on top. Just a simple thing, really---- but Cozy Corner is the only place that I know that breaks this rule. They use an oblong, sesame seed bun. Just like the one that is used for the McRib. This sandwich is no McRib. It is sliced pork as only Cozy does it!Yes, I said sliced...... Nobody else does that either. These folks didn't get the memo on Memphis Pork rules. It doesn't matter one bit. The sliced pork is wonderfully prepared. The slaw is good. The sauce is slightly sweet, but mostly tangy.  It's a fine sandwich.The side items are good. Their BBQ Spaghetti has good flavor, but could use some chopped meat along with that tangy sauce. The service is decent and I always feel at home in any dining room with wood paneling.On an added note, Cozy Corner serves Cornish Gamehen. It's a unique item. I tried it years ago and it's pretty darn good.  Take yourself down to Cozy Corner for a hearty and unique BBQ Sandwich.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,4/14/2012,8,8,5,8,8>This was our second interaction with Conway for our downtown Memphis condo after signing up for their Comfort Program.. Dallas was our technician. We could not have had a better interaction. He was polite, spoke with knowledge and was very clean. He wore the booties which was not needed but I think he just does it out of habit which is very smart. After reviewing the unit, he said it looked fine and did not try to do any upselling. He was very honest and gave us a couple filters for our new tenant who is moving in.Conway has won our business from the first person picking up the phone all the way to today and if they keep up working that way, I will go out of my way to recommend them in the future. We will surely ask for Dallas again on any future calls. I know they do plumbing so it seems obvious we would contact them for that as well.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,4/13/2012,62,119,7,10,13>The Peabody is where I proposed to my fiancee, and I tell you what, once I told the girl who was checking me in what my plans were, it seemed as if the whole hotel staff and a whole bunch of random guests knew what was up also!  The hotel definitely hooked me up in terms of service and price........their service is impeccable in my opinion.  The service was the best I've ever had at a hotel, but then again, they might have been treating me extra nicely just because they knew I was proposing, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt :).I decided to go all out and got their "Romeo and Juliet" suite.  This is a two level suite that spans the 12th(Top floor) and 11th floor.  The room was the largest hotel room I've ever stayed in.......it's definitely baller enough for any special occasion you can think of.  Two bathrooms, 2 floors, 2 flat screens, 2 of a lot of things lol.  You can easily throw a party for 10-15 people comfortably in this room.  I highly recommend this room for a special occasion.Entrance to the top floor requires key access; if you're staying on the 12th floor you're entitled to free alcoholic beverages, sodas, and hors d'oeuvres during a certain time.  The hors d'oeuvres they serve is definitely top notch; for example, there were jumbo scallops and crabcakes made with lump crabmeat during the different nights I was staying.  The sodas are actually stocked the entire time so you can always have access when you need it.  After a certain time they also set out cookies and pastries that are amazingly good.  I really can't express how great the service and my experience at The Peabody was.  The staff really went out of their way to make my fiancee and I feel special for our special weekend.  A big thanks for everything again to the staff @ The Peabody!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,4/12/2012,121,288,1,8,4>The Imagine Vegan Cafe opened last week in the old Casablanca space in Cooper-Young. Everything on the large menu - from the burgers to the crab cakes and baked goods - is completely, 100 percent vegan.That's not to say that omnivores won't appreciate Imagine.When I went last night, I ordered a quesadilla with a side of mac'n'cheese. It was almost impossible to tell that my quesadilla (which was stuffed with bell peppers and onions) wasn't made with real cheese. The mac'n'cheese was plenty creamy and cheesy. It tasted just like the kind I used to make in college with Velveeta and milk.I'll definitely be back to try the vegan corn dog, which will hopefully have the same guilty-pleasure taste as a real one, minus the instant regret.Most of Imagine's menu isn't terribly expensive. Dinner for two (with sides) cost about $20, and most burgers and entrees are priced between $6 and $13.The space is big and colorful, with plenty of seating at tables or at the bar. It's lit with twinkle lights and a few overhead lights, and there are battery-operated "candles" on each table. There's a play area in one corner (with a TV) that would probably be awesome if you have kids, but a little distracting from the restaurant's overall atmosphere.Right now, Imagine is open daily for lunch and dinner. They're working on getting their beer license, and when they do, they plan to offer a large selection.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,4/11/2012,180,199,2,9,4>I've been hearing from others about this place for a few weeks now and this weekend I had the opportunity to check it out for myself. Jack Magoo's is a brand new sports bar in the Broad Ave arts district.  From the outside it's easy to spot the green and black sign that announced its location among the other business on Broad.  Yes, it stands out a bit, but not in an obnoxious way. Driving down Broad, you can't miss this place.The inside is open and inviting with two bars; one downstairs and one upstairs.  They also have a few pool tables upstairs as well.   Even though we arrived pretty early (3:30 on a Friday afternoon) we were not the only customers.  We sat at the bar and ordered a few drinks.  The bartender brought us a menu and I started thinking that snack would be a great idea. We ordered the bacon wrapped shrimp and let me tell you, they were pretty darn good!  They were so good in fact that we had decided to order some more. We called a few friends and asked them to meet us.  No one in our group and ever been to Jack Magoo's but everyone was impressed.  I will be back to Jack Magoo's in the very near future.  Good drinks, good atmosphere, good food.... what more do you need?
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,4/10/2012,38,96,,6,5>After reading Kerry C's Breakfast Bracket blog I decided to try breakfast at Three Little Pig's. I ordered the "Big Breakfast" and added a side of bacon. I was surprised when my order came out. A lot of food for a little money. 3 eggs cooked perfectly over easy, 3 pieces of good sausage, 2 fresh biscuits, grits and a side of bacon. I can't believe I ate the whole thing! But I did, it was just that good.I was so impressed with the breakfast I went back to try their barbecue. I had a jumbo sandwich plate that was served with beans, slaw and fries. Again a lot of food for little money. The sandwich was loaded with very lean and smokey pulled pork. I asked for spicy sauce and it actually had some bite to it. The sides were very good as well.The slaw was fresh, the beans were in a thick tasty sauce with lots of pork bits mixed in. The fries were crisp and hot.I have known of Three Little Pig's for years, but I just did not expect much from it. I was wrong. This place serves up some really fine fare at really fair price.Hey, it's been at this location about twenty years, so it must be doing things right. I'm a new fan. Try it  and I bet you will be too.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/9/2012,36,49,,4,4>I had heard about Flight for a long time, and finally got to go for my friend's birthday celebration. I made the reservation easily on OpenTable, we showed up, got our Valet parking, and went upstairs to the table they had set up for us. The atmosphere of Flight is excellent, very warm and inviting. Not too dark, not too light, very well decorated. From the very start, service was exemplary. Our server, Cyndia, was amazing from start to finish. She explained that at Flight you could get a full size entree, a pre-made flight, OR you could customize a flight using small plates. This made things a tiny bit more expensive, but it gave you more control of the items you have. Kevin started out with the Seafood Martini flight, including Roasted Garlic Mascarpone Orzo, Lobster, White Truffle Oil; Shrimp, Goat Cheese Polenta, Mango Chipotle Sauce; and Scallop, Amaretto Cauliflower Cream, CaviarI had the Tuna and Salmon Sashimi flight:Big Eye Tuna and Salmon Sashimi; Inside-Out Spicy Big Eye Tuna Roll w/Tuna and King Salmon; and Hawaiian Poke with Big Eye Tuna, King Salmon, and Wasabi Tobikko Caviar with Wonton ChipLet me just say at the outset that everything we had was phenomenal. I am going to run out of adjectives and ways to describe this food very quickly, but I wanted to get that out of the way. That Big Eye Tuna just melted on the tongue. It is seriously the best sashimi that I have ever had. Kevin's flight was also seriously good. The Hawaiian Poke was like a tartare.Continuing on, we shared the Salad flight. The Grilled Pear and Camembert salad was great, containing baby arugula, roasted walnuts, and maple walnut vinaigrette. I don't normally enjoy nuts, but this was a good exception. The Baby Iceberg Salad I gave to Kevin, as I do not like blue cheese. I have to admit, however, that the apple wood smoked bacon on it looked amazing. The blue cheese was maytag. The Strawberry and Macademia Nut Salad was undoubtedly my favorite, with its strawberry white balsamic vinaigrette, mixed baby greens, and red onion. We also shared the Soup flight. This consisted of a spicy seafood gumbo (delicious), some of the best lobster bisque I have ever had, and this sweet potato soup that was fascinating in that it was savory with sweet undertones, absolutely delicious. Todd had a big bowl of it, and I found myself a little jealous. For dinner, Kevin opted for the Tenderloin Flight. He substituted the Veal for Elk, and also got Pork Tenderloin and an Australian Lamb Chop. The Elk was a New Zealand Wapiti Elk, served with a Kahlua garlic glaze, and smashed wasabi yukon gold potatoes. The wasabi was in the form of wasabi peas, which were delicious (I also got the elk). Let me speak for a moment about the Elk. Anyone who has known me for any length of time knows that I love game meat and will regale you with the tale of our trip to Red Fox on our Skiing trip at the drop of a hat. This elk was medium rare, juicy and succulent. It had that slight taste that lets you know that you are eating game meat, but was not offputting in the least. If you go to Flight, get the dang elk. Seriously. Kevin's Pork Tenderloin was served with loaded twice-baked potatoes, blueberry Molasses, and Haricot Verts. He assures me it was great! His Australian Lamb Chop was served with Rosemary Garlic Jus Lie, Apple Pepper Mint Conserve, and Spicy Vanilla Yam. It looked amazing on the plate, and Kevin feel free to pipe in here in the comments about this stuff I didn't taste. Smelled good, that's for sure. I got the Chef's flight, which came with a boursin-stuffed Filet, pheasant with some kind of cheese over cheese-stuffed pasta, and shrimp. I substituted Elk for the shrimp, and I am so very glad I did. I do not have official menu descriptions of my items, as it was a special, but that Filet was great. It was flavorful beyond the norm for a filet, and the cheese was amazing. Let me get in your face about that pheasant. Todd and I both had it, and it was phenomenal. I think it was the stand-out of my entire entree plate (dang it, it AND the elk. I can't undersell that elk!). Unbelievable. If you go there, and they have pheasant available, get it. You will not regret it! Juicy, delicious, unctuous with the cheese and the pasta and... just get it.For dessert we shared the traditional flight of cheesecake, creme brulee, and substituted chocolate cake for chocolate MELTING cake. The desserts were very good, but not as good as every other part of the meal. They were merely "very good" while the rest of the meal was totally sensational.Finally, a word on price... look, this is not a once a month place for most of us. For most of us, this would fall directly under "special occasion" and it was indeed a special occasion. It is expensive, but it is worth every dollar for the variety, excellent service, and the amazing attention to detail given everything from the food to the decor.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,4/8/2012,98,357,2,5,3>If you have read my reviews you will know I like small mom and pop places. Well this is as mom and pop as it gets, an old Taco Bell location that is nothing too much to look at inside or out. What they do offer is really, really good food. The burrito huevo con jamon is maybe one of the best things I have ever eaten at a Mexican restaurant. The tamales are great and the cheese and jalapeno is especially good. On the weekends they grill whole chickens and they are tender, flavor full, and priced right. The guac is great, the gorditas are $2.99 and almost too much too eat in one setting, and this is just a small sampling of the large menu. Over all this is one of my favorite places to eat and is probably second to none for a great value. I could go on and on about this place but I would say go eat there soon! Keep in mind it's in an old Taco Bell on Summer ave, and it is family run so it's a little different experience every time you go, but I have never been and not enjoyed it.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,4/7/2012,20,12,3,7,3>Cheesecake Corner is a Memphis gem tucked away in the South Main district!First, I must warn you this is where you go for awesome cheesecake but not a glowing customer service experience. The owner Kevin can be far from friendly so don't take it personally. He doesn't like to answer questions & will give you a look to kill if you ask for a flavor that's not in the case. The worst thing you can do is ask "What's good here?" He will give you a very pompous "Everything here!" I've watched him nearly bring a guest to tears. He's an ass but he's a magician in the kitchen. I've been going there so long that I'm numb to him. He knows me as a faithful customer so we share a tiny bit of small talk from time to time. Last winter, I left my scarf one night & he held on to it for 2 weeks knowing that I would be back.There's a variety of cheesecakes in the case each day. Once a flavor is gone, you're out of luck for the night. You have to be a bit flexible & willing to try out different flavors. The cheesecakes are VERY RICH! (I don't even want to know how many calories are in each slice). The slices are $8 and large enough to split. The wait can be long, especially in the summer. There is usually only one person running the shop at a time. That person is responsible to running the register, plating your cheesecake (making it 100x worth the wait) and clearing tables.  The guys that work here WORK HARD so be patient with them & smile when you place your order. Grab a good friend and enjoy a slice & coffee while taking in the awesome artwork!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/15/2012,35,59,7,8,5>Bah to all the negative reviews!  Sure, it's not the best food in the world, but it's damn decent bar food.  Most all of the Cajun dishes done here are done well.  The soup sampler is better than others have made it out to be.  The wings may be the best in all of Memphis.  I'm a bit a hot wing asshole, and these are damn fine hot wings. Really, about the only ones in Memphis that I didn't make myself that I enjoy.  Most importantly, they have a good selection of beer, and know how to pour it properly.  You can actually get a properly poured black and tan here.  Amazing!Service is a bit slow, but it's the Bayou, it's supposed to be.  The patio is my favorite in Memphis. We like it here because there's no pretension. It's where we go when we want a little food and lot of beer and no frilly little east memphis/suburb btches. lovingly yours,colin
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,8/14/2012,16,46,6,8,6>Maybe I'm  a little late getting in on this place (Thanks, Trevor!), but wow, better late than never.  This is some special chicken.  Gus's, you've been served.Besides a cratered parking lot that would blend nicely in circa-1989 Beirut (don't be fooled, hood newbies:  the locals usually only carry small arms around here), the first thing you'll notice is that Lou's has been on Food Network.   There's a reminder in every sightline on the property.  It's in the windows.  It's on the food trucks.  It's on the cups.  More commentary on that later.Even at 2:00pm on a Friday, there was a solid crowd, and I probably waited ~15 minutes for food.  Don't stop in here in a time crunch expecting Taco Bell.  Your food will be made to order.  Trust me, this is a good thing.I ordered the three piece dark meat chicken meal (prepared "hot") with "corrupted carrots" as my side.  My meal was SOLID.  The mega-moist chicken is extraordinary.  The hot version combined a perfect mix of slowly-building heat with a nice sweet front end.  I dug into one of the thighs, and I could see what looked like brown sugar collected under the skin.  Hey, no one's claiming this is health food.  When I left (safely, I might add), I noticed my lips were tingling nicely from the sauce.  The carrots were a pleasant surprise (unlike Gus's tepid sides).  I'm pretty sure the carrots are fried (watch it, they come out hot!) in a dry rub-like mix of spices, ruining my intention of picking the "healthier" side dish.  I got over it, because they were great.  I further corrupted them with the Ranch dressing that came with the meal.  The serving was enough for two folks easily.But the icing on the cake at Uncle Lou's is the biscuit.  OH, THE BISCUIT.  Unbelievable.  After sitting in the sauce... words fail.  In some twisted way, I suspect that Lou's biscuits are somehow behind the disproportionate crime in South Memphis.  They're sure worth defending with your life...I will be back.  When I do, I'd love to see Uncle Lou pushing his own brand more, not Fieri's.  Lou, NO ONE is aimlessly cruising Millbranch looking for food.  Your customers either got word of mouth or heard about you on DD&D's.  It's an honor and boost to be on TV, but build your name, brother, not someone else's!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2012,8/13/2012,18,4,1,5,2>Put simply: my dogs loved it. Plenty of shade, plenty of space, plenty of four-legged friends. The double gate is guarded by a park worker, the fence is secure, and (in my experience) all the dog owners looked after each other's furry babies. A great off-the-leash experience for everyone.There were plenty of waste bags donated by Hollywood Feed and even a few toys. The ground was covered in grass and woodchips...no concrete-burned paws in this dog park. It was quite busy when I went (25 or more dogs), but there was plenty of room for everyone to feel part of the pack without their personal space being infringed. The fence of the smaller dog area backs up to the all-sizes portion so Fluffy can go nose-to-nose with Bruno and not feel threatened.Because it was so busy, there was a shortage of seating for the human crowd (even including the territory-marked, low tree stumps). One of my dogs had no problem finding his seat, however, and decided it would be relaxing to wallow in the only mud hole in sight. This is where my only real suggestion comes in: there needs to be a washing station. One could easily be added using the water line for the drinking bowl/fountain, and since pets aren't allowed in Rainbow Lake, it really is necessary. Just ask someone who drove 20 miles with a muddy Labrador in the back seat.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2012,8/12/2012,25,131,,2,4>I have had trouble finding a Chinese place (other than Yums) that I really cared for since moving to Memphis. Now that I have tried Mulan, I think I have found my place for a "go-to" Chinese fix. I would have given this place a 5 star but the wait staff was not quite there, but the restaurant is somewhat new so maybe next time around it will be up to speed.    The hot and sour soup was just as good as the soup that I tried at Formosa, which was excellent. For a starter they bring you out what they called chips and some sort of cabbage. For my entree I ordered the General tso's chicken with fried rice. I realize that it is pretty hard for someone who cooks Chinese to mess that dish up, but I was very impressed with theirs. My wife ordered a few sushi rolls (spider and the Mulan). The spider (soft shell crab) was good, however the Mulan roll was FANTASTIC.    As for the prices, they were reasonable for the dinner entrees considering the amount of food you get. My general tso was $13. I did see where they had a lunch menu but do not remember the price that was listed.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,8/10/2012,144,165,7,7,6>I never thought of myself as a shallow person who judges things by their appearance, but I dig Cozy Corner's sliced pork sandwich by the look alone. I do not like the standard bun or Texas Toast for pork sandwiches around the city, period.My companion ordered the sandwich and he enjoyed it greatly. He asked for the sauce "hot" but did not find it spicy at all. Since his heat tolerance is about average, I suspected that they accidentally put on the mild sauce. I took a bite but I could never really appreciate anything smothered with BBQ sauce, so I have no comment on the taste of the sandwich except the sauce was on the tangy side. The pinkish pork slices sticking out of the roll looked enticing with great promise of smokiness. I had the Cornish Hen without sauce. The spice rub on the skin was a little spicy and it would be better if it's under the skin too. The bird was small so it's easy to overcook it slightly. It's all right. We brought 6 ribs (dry) home and had them for the next meal. A bit fatty but decent. Not the most beautiful-looking ribs in the city (so very shallow, I know).The family who runs this joint was nice and it didn't look/feel like a tourist trap at all. I am a fan.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,8/9/2012,14,39,,8,2>Same as the previous review, I'm pretty much never in this part of town. However, since I'm in a training course just a few miles away for the week, it gives me an excuse to come here. I've only been a few times, but the few times I've been the service and quality has been great!A lot of people in Memphis swear by Chao Praya. Chao Praya isn't bad, but I think Emerald is much better. The service is also quicker.I've never been here for dinner, only the lunch specials. One of my favorite things to get is Pad Thai with tofu prepared spicy (yeah I know, Pad Thai is the "beginner" dish, but it's also my tried and true favorite dish). Their other lunch specials are very good as well and the spring rolls are tasty.The decor is like that of a typical strip mall Asian restaurant (dated, old, tacky), but don't let that deter from trying this place because it's a rare gem in a sea of bad strip mall Asian restaurants. I highly recommended this place if you're in the area.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/7/2012,13,43,6,3,5>Yum.  As a vegetarian* in Memphis, this is a real find.  They have a delicious vegetarian platter that includes warm dolmas (grape leaves), felafel, spanikopita, and some cooked vegetables.  I was especially happy with the felafel; maybe I've just had bad felafel in the past,  but this was much more tender than any felafel I've had before.  Often times, I feel that the outside of the felafel ball is too hard and the inside is super dense.  This felafel melted in my mouth with flavor.   Other things to try: Moroccan soup and tea.  They boast that their tea is the best in Memphis, and I'm not arguing.  Note that when they bring colored squeeze bottles to the table, the red is ketchup, but the yellow is not mustard...it is a delicious spicy hot sauce.The service was also wonderful.  I can't wait to go back.*ok, technically a pescatarian, but in Memphis if you don't eat BBQ, you're a vegetarian...or a communist.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,8/6/2012,72,139,,4,2>I had lunch here yesterday and it was terrific!  I ordered the Tenderloin French Dip that was pan seared to perfection and loaded with peppers and served on a baguette and was accompanied with bountiful portion of pomme frites (delightful french fries).  It is my understanding that they only utilize local growers, which is a huge plus in my book too.The dining room is very elegant but has somewhat of a bistro feel to it so it does not come off as "stuffy".  It appeared that they have a full service bar and extensive wine list.  Our server was knowledgeable and provided attentive service which created an overall wonderful dining experience for us.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,8/5/2012,10,20,,5,3>Unparalleled atmosphere, good service, and above average food.  This place had been on my must-try list since moving to Memphis, and the wife and I finally found an excuse to celebrate there a couple of Saturdays ago. Much has been written about the stunning decor, and I agree completely.  There have also been a number of negative reviews criticizing the food.  Based solely on my one experience there, I understand some of the criticism but feel it may be too harsh.  We ordered an appetizer, two entrees, and dessert (more on that later); and the appetizer and entrees were good, but not out-of-this-world.  Judging the food alone, I'd give it a 3.75 out of 5.  I suspect that some of the negative reviews stem from extremely high -- but unmet -- expectations (fueled by the media hype this place has receieved as well as the elegant ambiance).Their sticky toffee pudding dessert demands special acclaim.  Not knowing that this was their specialty, we actually ordered one of the other desserts.  To our surprise, our waiter informed us that a table to my six had taken the liberty of ordering dessert for us -- the sticky toffee pudding.  Our surprise turned to curiosity (and some discomfort) when we realized that we had absolutely no idea who our benefactors were.  The dessert-gifters left soon thereafter without stopping to introduce themselves or even provide an opportunity for us to acknowledge their act.  It appeared to be a random act of kindness (or, more likely  -- as I later pieced together -- they intended the dessert to go to the table next to us, occupied by a young couple with roughly similar features).  Regardless, the sticky toffee pudding was exceptional, and not just because it was free.  Don't go without trying it.  Overall, the wife and I were happy.  This is a solid choice for a relaxing and elegant special treat, but you'll enjoy it even more if you keep your expectations in check.  And to our dessert-gifters who may be waiting in futility for some sign of gratitude from the young couple for whom the pudding was intended:  gracias!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,8/4/2012,32,74,,3,3>Bleu is a great addition to the downtown area.  My mom had her first Shrimp & Grits here when she visited me in Memphis and became an immediate fan.  The arugula salad was so fresh and delish, but had a bit too much lemon juice...regardless, it was really good.If I were to describe this restaurant, I would say the flavors are great for anyone who is a foodie like me, and the atmosphere is pretty slick/modern.  If that's what you look for in a restaurant, then Bleu is your place to go!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/13/2014,897,149,1,7,6>Dyann and I came in for a late lunch.  We both got house salads and then shared a shrimp poorboy.  Then had apple fritters for desert.  Salads were very fresh and loaded with bell pepper an onions.The poorboy was served on fresh ciabatta bread.  Shrimp were fresh and tasty.  The wasabi sauce was not overly spicy - just right.The fries were some of the best I have had - crispy and seemed fresh cut.Our desert - apple fritters were VERY good and reasonably priced.This is a locally owned restaurant - I would encourage you to visit it.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,3/12/2014,20,188,,8,3>I can't believe I haven't gone here until now. I love it here! They have so many snow cone flavours, everyone can find something. There's your typical stuff like orange, cherry, etc. you can find everywhere and more unusual flavours...like wedding cake.You have to try the wedding cake. Preferably the wedding cake supreme, which adds some soft serve to it. It tastes just like a wedding cake, very freaky but in a good way. The texture of the snow come is good, the ice is very fine, not big crystals.Their food is good, too. I had a burger and fries which were great. The burger's actually seasoned which I like, so many places serve bland patties. They have a wide variety of food, cheese steak, tamales, nachos, etc.Everyone has said this but it bears repeating: bring cash (they don't take cards), and be prepared to take your stuff home or eat in your car. Also, try to go at an off time because the wait can be long. Calling in ahead of time can eliminate that wait, too.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/11/2014,29,99,2,11,4>The Second Line is the newest brainchild of Chef Kelly English. It sits adjacent to its older and more formal sibling, Restaurant Iris. Focusing on this juxtaposition, it is not as though The Second Line is simply for the more bourgeoisie of us and Restaurant Iris is for a more refined clientele, in case you were thinking so. The concept of The Second Line is a great member to round out English's portfolio. That is to say, it is the perfect "second line" to Iris. This is a concrete concept!The menu evokes memories of Louisianan joints serving up the standards like poboys and seafood without boring you. Don't get me wrong: you have great cuisine, Louisiana, but it can become easily staid. English successfully injects some modern techniques and flavors into the milieu. And the space itself is inviting and just lovely. As for specifics, I was very happy to see Natchitoches meat pies on the menu, as I have spent time in the city in the past. For the uninitiated, this is a flaky pastry shell deep fried with seasoned meat inside. The incarnation here left just a bit to be desired - the meat was not as spiced or spicy as those I've enjoyed in Natchitoches. Add some spiciness and ditch the ranch, and you can call it a Natchitoches meat pie. The Saturday special was a duck confit hash with fried eggs. It was a great dish overall. Not perfect, as the eggs were nearly hard cooked (gotta love a runny yolk in this kind of dish), and the duck was bit scant, but certainly enjoyable. The dessert was an outstanding bread pudding served with vanilla ice cream. The pudding itself was rich, not leaden nor cakey, and the sauce was bursting with buttery caramel notes. That was the standout of the meal to me. Chef English was also kind and attentive enough to ask us how our meal was. The service was great. It was very busy for noon lunch on a Saturday (granted, it has just opened), so plan accordingly. Overall, this is the kind of place to kick back with friends and enjoy a few drinks and great food and chat the night away. I want to compare this place to East Memphis's Hog and Hominy. Both are utilizing some Southern fare, placing a modern spin on it, at an equivalent, affordable price point. Given that, I find The Second Line to be comfortable and approachable, relaxed, and frankly less sterile compared to Hog and Hominy while being just as ambitious.I'm granting five stars for two reasons: the solid concept and the potential of this to be even more special after working out some very minor kinks. I will be back very soon. Don't hesitate to enjoy this new gem!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,3/10/2014,95,49,,4,3>This place saved my life.... Kinda ;-)I mean, what's life without an iPhone?! I cracked my screen so badly that it went completely black. I saw that there was a Yelp deal available on my app (cough, cough... Check it out) and decided to try it out.The service was amazing. The employees were so polite and so quick to fix my phone.I can't recommend them enough!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2012,3/9/2014,9,8,,5,2>Went here for the 3rd time since movin to town in June. Has become one of my overall favorite places in town and by far best brunch. Best bloody Mary's in town and I've had um at most places and price is great. $3.00 all day on sat and Sunday, same for mimosas. The Oskar Benedict is amazing too. You're missin out if u don't go check it out
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,3/8/2014,130,118,,8,2>Wine Down Wednesday. $2.50 wine plus complimentary cheese plates. Enjoy comfy sofas while being serenated by the pianist on the corner of 2nd and Union. Now that's a happy hour!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/7/2014,52,299,2,4,4>We went tonight for an early Valentine's Day dinner and they had a steak special! If you've never been, they have a variety of things to choose from all made with fresh ingredients. Notes: ~ DELIVER!! ~ Vegetarian options! I noticed they have separate listings for meat stuffed pasta shells an cheese stuffed pasta shells! ~ Parking lot up front is small but there's more parking in the back. ~ The owner does also own two doughnut places and I cannot wait to try Jody's- they're open til about 8 or 9! Loved: Buffalo chicken pizza (hubby's fav)Korean BBQ (or whatever) - my fav Gyro pizza (make your own) with cucumber sauce on sideHawaiian pizzaTiramisuLiked:Stuffed RavioliGyro- very fresh, I could taste a (healthy) differenceMacaroni pizzaPepperoni pizza- pepperoni was fresh and tastyPepperoni and PineappleEhh:Meat stuffed Black olive and mushrooms pizzaBone-in Hot wings (Hot- made with their Buffalo sauce) - will try bone outKorean Cheesesteak sandwich (tastes better on pizza IMHO)Pepperoni and Pineapple Pizza
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/6/2014,21,13,,3,1>My husband and I were excited that a Jason's deli opened near us. We've been several times since then. The food is excellent- the California club is the bomb! Broc cheese soup is great.  And free ice cream?! Yes, please! I have mixed feelings about the staff. They are mostly teenagers, which is no big deal, but most of them have serious attitude problems. That's the only negative I have.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,3/5/2014,49,72,1,6,4>Hi ratings for the friendly family owned business. The male attendant has a very kind smile when you walk through the door. He had his children with him up front and was very attentive. I received several discounts for upfront pay and only pressing some items. I had 11 items (including jeans) and only paid $23 with tax. He mentioned Yelp has really helped and his grandfather told him word of mouth is the best business. This is my new cleaners!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/4/2014,53,148,1,4,4>This was our first time at the Metal Museum, and we were pleasantly surprised. There's a lot more that people can do with this medium than we had been expecting. There were a lot of beautiful exhibits, and I have now decided that I MUST take a blacksmithing class!!  We will definitely be back!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,5/9/2012,20,188,,4,4>Yum! Everything here is homemade and fresh. They have lots to choose from (lots of kabobs and gyros along with other dishes like souvlaki) but I always get a gyro. Beware, when you first get one you may think it's not enough food. I guarantee though you'll be struggling to finish it! I can only eat the regular sized gyro; I can't imagine attempting the mega size (9") unless I wasn't getting fries with it or was sharing with someone. Their tzatziki sauce is delicious, though if you're not sure about trying it you can get a slightly less authentic gyro with barbecue sauce, ranch dressing, or other sauces. Be warned though, their tea (either iced or hot) is Earl Grey, so it's not what you'd get elsewhere. It's the only downside for me as I hate Earl Grey tea, but it's a small concession to make since the food is so delicious.The service is incredibly friendly, and if you're a newbie to Mediterranean cuisine (as some of my buddies going with me have been), they graciously explain what goes in any dish or what something is.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,5/7/2012,319,116,2,6,6>It's been a while since I have reviewed Payne's, my hands down favorite for real Memphis Bar-B-Q.  Over the last 30 years, I have introduced hundreds of people from across the nation to this converted service station, and every one of them has wanted more.This is a real Bar-B-Que joint.  Simple menu, no frills, just the best chopped pork sandwich in the world.  On a busy day the tap of the cleaver nevers stops chopping hickory smoked pork shoulders to build the basis of the sandwich, which is topped with indescribable mustard slaw and sauce to kill for.  Flo Payne does the chopping and runs the place with the help of her son and daughter.Payne's is not the most consistent place in town, but it's always good.  Other favorite menu items: Smoked Sausage (deep fried Polish Sausage, served with slaw and sauce); the Hot Dog (plump hot dog - smaller version, and Bologna, hickory smoked, with slaw and sauce on white bread.  I seldom get ribs here.  I don't think of Payne's as a rib place.This is not your suburban chain Bar-B-Que place.  It's inner-city, but safe.  If you come for lunch, you may run into me.  I am the Duke, and I eat here more frequently than any other place in town.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,5/6/2012,1,14,,2,4>These guys are great - very friendly, thoughtful, and timely.  Really great food on the street.  I've had their grilled cheese with avocado - awesome, and most recently today, I enjoyed the bison tacos, which was also really good.  With Fuel Food Truck, you can count on getting a great lunch and  great service from a local business.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,5/5/2012,13,27,10,9,4>That's right 5 stars.  OK, as an honest and self-proclaimed Memphis Mexican food expert I gotta tell ya, this place is great.  I say this with some hesitation however; you see, I'm selfish.  I like the fact that no one seems to know about this joint yet. I like that I can almost always get my balcony table, (which overlooks the Whole Foods parking lot, btw) yes, I know you're thinking "that sounds horrible" but trust me, Whole Foods, plus the hipsters who come in and out is some pretty special people watchin' stuff. All that aside, Mi Pueblo Southaven has long been a favorite of mine. But I have to say, Carlos, the manager is so on top of all the details that it's just a few notches above the rest. I've had a lot of the menu at this point, and it's always good, fresh and delicious food. And, much of the decor belies that of a typical Mexican joint. The bottom floor seems very Tuscany inspired. But the prices don't reflect the stylish environment.  I've even been here to see some of the staff make a run to get fresh produce. Lets break this down, just go, sit on the balcony and get a Margarita.  But don't you dare get my table.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,5/4/2012,47,110,4,12,5>Some types of food are best found at "joints", not restaurants.This applies to Mexican food, and barbecue.I drive past Morris' most every week day on my way to and from work.  I'd heard from reliable locals that inside this cinder block building (if you live in East Memphis or Highland Park, TX, you might call it a bunker) is cooked and assembled the finest barbecue sandwich in the Milky Way galaxy.Morris is often closed during the times I pass.  Last night, it was open.U-turn.What I ate was unquestionably THE best barbecue sandwich of any kind I've ever had.  This goes for beef, chicken, sausage or pork, in Memphis, Nashville, St. Louis, Kansas City, Chicago, Eastern OR Western North Carolina, or Texas.  There.  I said it.  Texas.A mound of moist pork, slaw and liberal amounts of sauce all competed to stay on a fluffy bun that struggled to stay inside its tin-foil wrapper.  It didn't need to stay there long, because it was gone in about 90 seconds.This was, unquestionably, THE best barbecue sandwich of any kind I've ever consumed.Now, I do have fond recollection of a barbecue brisket sandwich in the mid-90s at a roadside stand in Temple, TX, named Cousin Homer's after its owner-operator.  Alas, Cousin Homer had a heart condition  that propelled him to his ultimate reward years ago, and so the stand has long-since closed.  So, there will be no Morris-Homer grudge match.  However, I remain confident in my memory.I was charged $4.75 for the Morris delicacy described above.  I happily handed them two fives, and suggested they keep the extra for someone else.Now, I have to adjust my work schedule to go past Morris more often when they're open.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,5/3/2012,27,82,6,2,2>Holy Mother of Queso. My girlfriend is from Texas and considers herself a connoisseur of queso dip. What that actually means is that I get to hear a detailed critique of the queso at every restaurant we go to, and about how it's not as good as the queso in Texas. Not this place, though. A big bowl with lots of spinach and a big pile of chips - I was almost full just after the appetizer. Driving to Germantown on Poplar Avenue is about as fun for me as getting punched in the face, but if it means that I'll get my hands on some of that queso - and remember, I'm not even the connoisseur - I'll at least have a light at the end of the crowded tunnel full of assholes driving below the speed limit in the left lane.We both got pasta pies for dinner - I had the New York and she had the Chicken Parm. Hers was delicious - every bit as good as you'd expect chicken parm mixed in a big bowl of pasta to be. Mine was tasty, but a little too heavy on the peppers. I didn't mind at all that it was spicy - the pepperoni and sausage took care of that - but the peppers just stuck out more than they should have taste-wise. I'll order it without next time.Also, our pasta pies were absolutely huge. Granted, we had filled up on queso by the time they came out, but we still ended up taking about half of each pie home, and we were hungry. Worth noting if you're only looking for a light meal.All told, we were very satisfied, especially when the bill came. The decor of the place is a little dated (as are a lot of the customers), but that's never kept me from a good, cheap meal.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2012,5/2/2012,53,67,,10,6>You might think it would be hard to find authentic, tasty, reasonably priced Mexican food this far north of the border, but that's not the case in Memphis. We have plenty of options to choose from, one of my favorite being Taqueria Caminos de Michoacan.This small eatery in East Memphis also boasts a panaderia or bakery, which appeals to my sweet tooth. We arrived at around 5:30 p.m. on a Saturday evening, and fresh items were constantly being brought out of the kitchen and loaded into bakery cases.Taqueria Camino de Michoacan starts every table out with chips and three kinds of salsa. I love the variety. They have a standard version, a smoky one with chipotles and a green one that features tomatillos and jalapenos.Tacos here are served with cilantro, onion and radish - no piles of cheese and sour cream here (Did I mention authentic ?)I love the tortas, which are Mexican style sandwiches. I got one filled with beef and avocado on fresh bread baked in house.Final Impressions: Service was attentive, but unobtrusive and the food was really tasty. We rounded out our meal with a couple of Mexican Cokes and some goodies from the pastry case, and we didn't even hit $25. I'll be visiting Taqueria Camino de Michoacan on a regular basis.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,5/1/2012,76,204,5,4,3>My Black Irish blood can't stay away from the pub too long! Or any place that serves Guiness, Irish Stew and Soda Bread. Located in the beautiful old Tobacco Bowl space across from the 1st Tennessee Building, its sure to become a hot spot for all those downtown types, reporters, lawyers (and those to be) or everyone that just can't pass the bar...
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,4/30/2012,275,277,,5,3>My husband had some out of town guests who wanted to try real Memphis dry rub BBQ. We decided on Double J and are glad we did. Big John, one of the owners, came over to the table several times. He was thrilled that the restaurant was getting good reviews as they had only been open a month. They started out doing catering. The location was originally a bank and the iron grills on the outside have been moved to the dry storage area known as "the jail". We had house made sausage (worth a trip just for these), cheese and crackers, grouper bites with fries and smoky vinegary wings. Not too hot just right. Dinners selected were ribs, chicken, hamburger, pork; and sides ordered were a wonderful grilled asparagus, potato salad, mashed potatoes and beans. Everything was great and we can't wait to go back. Big John is planning on opening a cigar bar upstairs and another dining room on the second floor. There is already dining inside and outside on the patio. You can park on the street or the parking lot. Plug GE Patterson into your GPS or it will not be able to find the street.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,4/29/2012,11,20,,4,4>So I didn't post a review the last time I ate here as the service was really slow/bad but the food was really good. So after my second trip the service was much better and like our first trip the food was consistently good for everyone at the table (good job kitchen staff). On the service comment, I don't want the management to read this post with too rosy of a spin...let me be clear...the service was better but not awesome. I love the outside deck addition, with it they may have finally found a business that will make it in this location. Great place to eat but now its equally good to just go hang out and have a few beers.Oh and I noticed some comments on the smoking issue.  I am a non-smoker but have no issue with smoking bars/restaurants. In fact generally I would prefer to gamble on sitting next to a smoker than sitting next to an unruly child with parents who ignore the bad behavior.  The screaming kid will ruin my dining experience FAR more than a smoker.  Good luck Slider Inn and keep up the good work!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,5/13/2014,36,49,,8,4>When I saw a couple of very impressive Yelp reviews for this place, I knew I had to go check it out ASAP. The menu looked amazing and though my GPS insisted it was in the middle of a bridge, I did eventually find it. From the moment I walked in and smelled the aromas, I knew it was going to be a good experience. I have been there twice now, and can attest to the deliciousness of every single thing I have tried. The Mojo fries are covered with a sinfully succulent chorizo gravy, while remaining hot and crisp. I have had them twice, and they may be my favorite fry based appetizer in Memphis right now (sorry Hog and Hominy). The Smoke on the Burger was a taste sensation! That cheddar cheese, those onions, that BACON! Amazing. Every single bite was a flavor explosion and I did not want it to end. To accompany it? Collards with kimchi, which was recommended to me by the owner and more than lived up to his description. Savory, a powerful punch of yum... just get it! On my second visit I had the 'Chef's Sliders'. I honestly cannot tell you which is better: the sliders or that smoke on the burger. They are little flavor bombs and the tomato chutney goes perfectly with the chipotle aioli. Another thing about them? They were NOT overcooked. Sliders are often overcooked because they are so small, but these were cooked with a delicate hand. Pink in the center, juicy, I have nothing bad to say. I was pleased to be able to try a new item: kimchi collard spring rolls with cilantro dipping sauce. WOW! This is probably my new favorite spring roll. That sauce just makes it, and as soon as they appear on the menu I will add them to my order. The only thing I cannot review is the desserts. They look so good but I am always so full that I can't try them. My mission next time is skip the Mojo Fries (though it pains my soul) and try the Elvis Dippers. I want to add one more note: the staff were awesome. The lady at the counter was super helpful in selecting what to order and the owner/chef Steph was personable and super friendly. He really knows what he is doing back there, so go get a big dose of Mojo at Memphis Mojo Cafe!
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,5/12/2014,72,139,,5,4>Sameo, sameo as all the other locations regarding menu, service, etc.  However, this location is always super crowded and there are not nearly enough parking spaces in this plaza.  I have had to choose another place to eat because I could not find a parking space.  True story!Shout out - I LOVE their tamales with chili.  Yummy awesomeness warms my soul during these cold winter days.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,5/11/2014,180,199,,8,4>I love Memphis barbeque but being from Texas I am partial to brisket.  Good Texas brisket, not the unrecognizable stuff passed off as brisket here in Memphis.  I had given up on finding brisket in Memphis until a friend of mine told me about Elwood's Shack.  She said that a little shack next to Lowe's off of Summer Avenue was serving up real Texas style brisket.  Of course I was skeptical but also intrigued.  I made the trip up Summer Avenue from midtown and passed the place twice.  The location isn't really obvious from the street.  It's practically in parking lot of the Lowe's hardware store.  The inside of this tiny restaurant is surprisingly comfortable.  Orders are placed at a walk up counter and cooked fresh while you wait.  The menu includes pizzas, sandwiches, and of course, barbecue.  I came to try the brisket so that's what I got.  Just the brisket and nothing else.  I was so impressed that I went back a few days later and ordered a brisket filled wrap.  It was awesome!  Elwood's has the brisket thing down, for sure.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,5/10/2014,46,87,4,6,4>Do not eat a heavy meal the day you decide to venture thru the doors of this place. BBQ & SkyZone DO NOT mesh well together!!I can honestly say I had a BLAST at this venue--and in Memphis on a Saturday night with a group of adults in a non-violent, sober, & completely safe environment--that's speaks VOLUMES!A group of friends/family decided to do a Yelp event here on an "Adult Only" Saturday night. I cannot imagine bouncing around with a bunch of little ones & enjoying myself as much as I did with just a group of adults--with the exception of dodgeball, but I'll get to that.What they offer:Mega TrampolinesSingle Person Basketball--a low and a high goalBirthday Party Private RoomsDodgeballFoam PitKid Zone Friendly Trampoline AreaMain Jump Zone2 Massage ChairsSmall ArcadeSnack BarLockers for personal items $0.25 & $0.50!!!! (Ok, for those who have EVER rented a locker at an amusement-type venue, you know this is a BARGAIN)Sitting area for restingWe jumped for 90 minutes. My favorite area was the foam pit, where you could bounce a couple of times and flip, dive, or belly flop into huge blue and orange foam cubes. The area I liked the least was the dodgeball area, because you play with whomever else is there and the guys that we played with acted as though they were trying to knock me back to Southaven with a rubber ball!! I mean, I understand that's the objective of the game, but if you are a guy who is trying to relive the high school moment of practicing your 65mph fast-pitch baseball and I am the target, I'll bow out graciously--especially if you're aiming for my face--REALLY? ((OUCH!!))I didn't realize  Dominos pizza was included in the price of the Sky Jam session. SO, after all that jumping around and burning a couple hundred calories, you can refuel with free cheese or pepperoni pizza & a soda.I can definitely see where school-aged children would have the time of their life here. And parents could enjoy the time afterwards, relaxing while all those little bundles of joy CRASH from exhaustion after a session here!They also have SkyRobics--an aerobics class, which I am really interested in participating. I can imagine it is very easy on the joints. Classes are sold individually or by the month, comparable to Zumba in price--depending on where you go to class.We will be back for sure!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,5/9/2014,58,103,2,7,4>I go for the danishes.This review is for the DANISHES only.Yes, LB has lunch offerings, but they are forgettable at best.  The breakfast danishes are where they truly shine.  The assortment varies daily.  Just stop in and try something.  I like the raisin danish and the cheese danish.  If you take these to work, you will be adored and lauded for your fine taste.  I speak from experience here folks.Also, they make a chocolate cake with raspberry filling (not a lot of filling, just enough) that is really a standout.  Generally, I hate cake- but not this one.Danishes + Chocolate Raspberry Cake = Happiness.I cannot vouch for anything else here.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/8/2014,75,66,2,5,3>FUN PLACE!!! It's a ship bar full of rum and good times. Live bands play every weekend and the price is $5!!! Pizza is good and my favorite is the "Rockin Artichoke" Artichoke,bacon & Feta) YUM!! Purple potatoes with blue cheese and bacon is very good!!! Best bar food!! LOVE this place!!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,5/7/2014,84,95,4,7,5>I have to say, I got talked into this visit and I thought it was going to be one very big dud of a night --I COULD NOT HAVE BEEN MORE WRONG.  Pinot's Palette is a great place for date night. It is just plain ole fun! I mean, what is better than having a glass of wine (or 2) - unleashing your inhibitions and getting creative?  Yes, you actually get to paint.  And yes it is actually fun.  This from a guy that has no artistic ability and has never taken and art class (even back in high school).The hosts and instructors are fantastic and this is definitely a repeat for my wife and I - you need to check it out!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/6/2014,111,151,2,9,4>Honestly I shocked at some of the low reviews on here as I've always loved Majestic Grille. I hesitated to review because the last time I had been was July 2013 but I went again last week and I've got to say I'm still impressed. Lately I've been complaint there's nowhere good in town for a couple to go out to dinner with a $40 tab, you either spend more, go to a chain or keep it very casual. But ah, then I remembered majestic. My favorite thing about Majestic is the menu variety $35 steaks and $9 burgers on the dinner menu - great. For this reason I think it's great for a group, no one has to be embarrassed if a $15 total bill is all that's in their budget but those who want steaks and wine can have that too. Also, there's a little bit if everything taste wise - pastas, pork, salads, flatbreads and all of it is yummy! This is my choice location to bring out of towners to show off a more sophisticated side of Memphis. The do a great pre fixe menu for pre theater dinners that are $25 each for 3 courses, and they commit to getting you out on time to see the show. I just love that I can go here on a date and spend $40 or $100 and either way get good service in some beautiful ambience.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,5/5/2014,44,103,,7,2>Finally a noodle shop here in Millington so I don't have to drive to Bartlett or Memphis! They also offer a 10% military discount.My husband and I both had the crab wontons & Shanghai spring rolls for starters and then we ordered the Vietnamese pho,  it was great. The service was also very friendly and we even spoke with the owner, Kevin who made a few suggestions on what to try on our next visit! Looking forward to going back and trying more of what they have to offer.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/4/2014,197,116,22,9,7>Q: What's the easiest way to piss off a fat person? A: Tease them with food. This was my concern with Slider Inn. I was concerned that if I arrived and had three piddly little burgers I would want to flip over the whole table and storm out in a fat-rage and walk as fast as my chubby legs could move to a restaurant where I could get a human sized meal. It turns out that my fears were unfounded. Slider Inn''s portions are ample enough for pretty much everyone, and if they're not, you always have the option of ordering additional sliders a la carte (which I'm pretty sure is French for "for the fattys").Unfortunately, the one thing that is tiny is the actual location. Slider Inn has maybe 12 tables, and they are all ridiculously close to each other. I routinely inadvertently eavesdrop on other diners, and some of the conversations you hear are juicer than the burgers! Who goes to Slider Inn to discuss how awesome it is to cheat on your wife? The dude who was eating next to me, apparently. I damn near fell out my chair trying to listen to the real life soap opera. Besides the juicy conversation, let's talk about the juicy burgers. The menu at Slider Inn is actually fairly impressive, boasting beef burgers, chicken sandwiches, pork buns, steak sliders and even a p,b&j option. There are various toppings you can add to every burger. If you are not creative enough to create your own burgers, there are pre-made styles for you to choose from as well. They have specials every weekday (and Trivia every Monday), so make sure to check the menu before you go, if you're interested.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,6/22/2014,39,66,,7,3>Having eaten here many times, I can safely say the five stars were well considered and richly deserved. Aside from the always reliably good food, the effort put forth by the Caritas team is remarkable. Classy and calm. The casual atmosphere has a wavelength of serenity that just erases stress as you eat a bowl of soup or have a sandwich. I had to start a new paragraph to make sure you understand how good the cheeseburger is. I am picky about my cheeseburgers and these folks know how to deliver one of the best in Memphis to your table. The most challenging thing about eating here is you can get the "all you can eat" soup and cornbread for $5 OR you can get the 1/2 pound cheeseburger AND the soup for $6. It is difficult to avoid eating too much with such a value proposition before you!Support a good effort by the crew at Caritas. Eat a very good meal for just a little money. Enjoy knowing that you will leave a calmer person. Know that you have learned more than most every suburban franchise lover will ever possibly know.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,6/21/2014,275,277,2,4,4>I was flying back to LA to have dental work. He had to sell his practice due to diabetic complications.Dr. Highland and her staff are wonderful and right here in Lakeland. I referred my husband and other people who are also pleased with their care. Open Monday to Thursday.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,6/20/2014,100,106,4,5,2>A Memphis tradition indeed! I've lived in Memphis most of my life (we will not go in to how many years - IRRELEVANT), and I've always heard mixed reviews of Pete & Sam's. My advice - go in with an open mind and an appetite. Don't go too hungry, though, because you're almost guaranteed a wait. However, I promise you, the wait is worth it. Let me start by saying that you can get pizza and pasta, both, as a side dish. Yes, I said "side dish", in addition to your delicious entrée  Unheard of! And those little pizzas are just enough to accompany your main choice.I'll also warn you- they go BIG on the garlic, so you might not want to choose this a first date location if you're planning on crossing over into first base. Bring your own wine - they offer a set-up for a small fee, and they also have bottled beer. You will almost definitely leave with leftover eats for later. This is some of the best Italian that you can get in the area. Just don't get hung up on appearances - unless you're into the 70's, in which case, you will be in heaven
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,6/19/2014,83,147,,6,2>Great atmosphere, great sushi, great drinks, and great service. What more can you ask for. The one draw back is the parking. Their parking lot is very small so you may have to park at a neighboring business or on the street if you get their anytime after happy hours. I definitely recommend this place for dine-in and happy hour.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/18/2014,65,212,2,4,3>This place has been on my list to try because if Trevor (excuse me, "Craig W.") likes it and it's related to beer, it must be good.We went last night toward closing time and appreciated the time the staff took to talk with us about the beers on tap before creating our flights ($6 for 4 4-oz tasters).  The beers change pretty regularly, and it's nice to be able to look them up online before venturing over there.  Last night's highlight was the Memphis Made Lights Out.  I haven't seen Memphis Made featured in too many of the local bars, and I'm glad that the Growler is shining the light on this local brewery!The atmosphere is very relaxed and civil - this is definitely the spot to try if you really like beer and want to have a mellow conversation about hops with your drinking companion.  There is a TV so you can catch the game (although they were showing Michigan v. Michigan State last night, and not the Grizz, which I don't understand) -- but a sports bar this is DEFINITELY not.  Tips: Debit or credit card ONLY (no cash on site) AND there are a few parking spots in front.  Enjoy!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,6/17/2014,39,55,,6,1>Wowzers! A Co-worker and I just had lunch here and were very impressed. I was actually looking at Yelp this morning for something new around my work area to try and saw a great review from Michele G. that pointed me to Tokyo Grill. Man, am I glad I saw that review! We started out with a very nice Crunchy Shrimp sushi roll and it was outstanding. Very tasty and very fresh. We both had the Chicken Hibachi. It comes with Fried Rice and Grilled Zucchini with onions and mushrooms. They were all well seasoned and very flavorful. We both commented several times through out the meal how much we were enjoying everything.Service was great, prompt and very friendly. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other great offerings at Tokyo Grill.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/16/2014,153,109,3,8,3>WHATTTT. This place....Let me start by saying I have an obsession with reclaimed wood... This place is COVERED in it. Everything is reclaimed and it the coziness felt when you walk through the door is so very welcoming. It was a packed house and we couldn't find a spot to sit, so instead we just stood at the door. I was amazed by whoever does their artwork for each beer. It's really detailed and intriguing. I had heard their Coffee beer was out of this world and unfortunately they did not have it. I can't wait to go back! What a cool place!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,6/15/2014,6,57,3,6,2>I ate here for the first time tonight, after noticing it one afternoon while driving up Cleveland.  I LOVE Vietnamese food, and I'm always up for adventure, so I came ready to try a bunch of things.  (My date was a good sport and let me dictate the menu!)  Drink: got a large lemonade.  Fresh squeezed and delicious.Ordered fried egg roll, hot wings, and Bahn Xeo  (crispy pancake) to start.Egg roll: (2) came out all forlorn and lonely on a piece of iceberg.  What?  I asked the waiter for some herbs and lettuce to wrap up in the Vietnamese fashion.  He came back with a good amount, although not sure why we got more iceberg instead of Romaine.  Added a bunch of hot chili paste to my nuoc cham (fish sauce dip) and dug in!  Egg rolls were super hot (temp) and super tasty.  Awesome.Bahn Xeo came out just as we finished. Great timing.  Came with plenty of herbs and the Romaine we'd been missing.  (And by "we," I mean "I"...date isn't nearly as picky!  haha)  WOW.  SO GOOD!  I had this dish for the fist time at Lotus about 6 months ago, and since then I've tried it at Shanghai and Saigon Le, but neither has been the crispy, crazy-good pancake I had at Lotus.  This was as good, if not better.  Big enough to get as an entree.  I'm not sure the "official" way to eat this, but I treated it like an egg roll and rolled up pieces of it in lettuce with lots of herbs.  So good.  I want to go back, like, tomorrow!   (Luckily, I have so much leftovers that I don't need to, yet!)WHen we got the pancake, I went ahead and ordered the rest of our meal: Pho Tai and a stir fry noodle dish with shrimp (NOT lo mein) - #33 on the menu.  The Pho came out super fast - timing needs a little work, because no sooner than we received the soup our chicken wings were out.  Pho - Yum.  So, so good!  The rare beef was still pink when it arrived (usually it's cooked through by the time I get it at other places), and amazingly tender.  The broth was divine, and after I added in jalapeños, bean sprouts, and plenty of the herbs we had at the table, not to mention a generous spoonful of chili paste, and colorful drizzles of siracha and hoisin, it was even better!  (See pics!)Wings - bit of a letdown.  SUPER salty.  We ate one together and the rest our in my to go box.  Both the manager and the cook apologized and we were NOT charged.  AWESOME SERVICE!!Noodle dish - not bad.  I think my lack of enthusiasm stems from comparing it to the spectacular dishes that came beforehand!  Shrimp plump and nicely cooked.  Plenty of veggies and chewy, curly noodles - thicker (and better!) than the thin round noodles I expected.  Extra good with chili paste!  (Can you tell yet that I like heat??)Service - excellent.  Really good.  I came in with enthusiasm, which probably helped, and our waiter was great.  Funny, I had been to Pho Vietnam when he was serving, and he was terrible!  Forgetting something we ordered, super slow, etc.  Probably didn't hurt that we were the only table in there, though there were a couple to-go orders.  He had no problem turning down the tv, as well as the lights.  Place was lit up like a runway when we came in!  I personally think there is no place for neon track lighting in a restaurant dining room!!  He checked in with us frequently, cleared plates (which was good because we needed the room!!), and happily brought plenty of to go boxes and little containers for all the sauces I wanted to take home.  Location - sketch, but aren't the best Vietnamese places always like that?!?  To everyone that complains that they won't go to "that" part of town after dark:  Grow a pair, already!  I'm a skinny little white girl and I shop at the Ghetto Kroger at Poplar/Cleveland late at night all the time.  I promise - the chances that you will be accosted as you walk the 5 feet from your car to the door of the restaurant are exceedingly slim.  Bathrooms - nothing fancy but clean.  Ladies room has about 10 rolls of toilet paper stocked, so no worries if you take more than a square, Elaine.  ;)UPDATE:  have been back several times.  Today seemed an off day - the usual guy wasn't around, and I think the cook was different as well.  Food definitely not as good.  Menu has changed, but basically the same foods.   However, still worth checking out.  Plus, new menu has the fried spring rolls priced at $2 for 2.  Just be sure to ask for lettuce/fresh herbs to wrap them in!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/14/2014,27,164,,6,3>I love DeJaVu!  I know not everyone does...but the good food, laid back atmosphere and my ability to bring in my own wine until they get permission to sell wine makes me love DeJaVu.I'd recommend either getting the sampler or just an order of crawfish etouffee.  I don't know that I will ever really try much else aside from this because these items just make my tummy happy!  The bbq tofu is also outstanding, but a full order is a lot of one flavor so get it and split with a friend!Skip the cornbread....kind of plain.Make sure you talk with Gary.  He is the owner and could probably make me love even a bad dish there just because he is so warm and friendly.  He truely makes guests feel like guests dining in his personal kitchen.  Each time I've been there he has stopped by at least twice to chit chat and check on our food.DeJavu - I'm so happy you are downtown!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/13/2014,47,89,4,5,5>A cupcake shop with soul. Everything is awesome... I could survive the zombie apocalypse with a good stash of Muddy's. They are awash in sugary goodness. There is no other that comes close.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,7/7/2013,111,135,,5,1>Great location in terms of getting shots for Univ of Memphis...not so great spot off of Poplar.  This location is in on an incredibly busy stretch of Poplar, that is busy no matter what time of day you're driving on it.  The office itself is nice.  Very spacious.  I went a few days before Christmas, so they may have been wanting to get out of there, but the staff here are pretty flippant.  They do their jobs and do them well.  They're very fast...I was in and out in less than 15 minutes, and I had 5 people in front of me.  But the staff barely makes eye contact.Great place, though...for someone like me that doesn't have time to be chilling in the doctor's waiting room, this place kicks major ace!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,7/6/2013,30,91,2,4,1>I have been back a few times in the past month after hearing they hired a new chef.  Menu has been scaled down to a more reasonable size and consistency issues seem to have been worked through with this more focused approach.  Food 4-starsCraft cocktails look great and are often tasty, but  the ice to beverage ratio is off (so after 2-3 sips through the cocktail straw you are left with an empty glass of ice)  ... which is a bummer.   It's also not just me, on my last trip to Cooper-Young I met friends at a competing spot and a member of my party pointed out the value difference between restaurant beverages!  Drinks 2.5 stars.Servers pretty friendly and seem interested in making sure you leave happy. Overall this is a fun spot for a group and if I had to choose I much prefer it over Local Midtown.  Keep in mind that it can get a bit loud when at higher occupancies. Valet parking remains although I can't tell you the $$ as street parking is usually pretty easy to come by (if you can parallel park reasonably well and can walk up to a block then you're fine).   Lot parking remains very territorial in the neighborhood.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,7/5/2013,65,178,4,8,5>I admit, I've never really been wowed by the food. I went for the nostalgia, and because I loved seeing sweet Mr Sam, smiling and chatting behind the register. The food was decent, and the service has always been fantastic, and the prices are reasonable. I haven't had the heart to go back since Mr Sam passed away. Lately, I've been craving a great lasagna bolognese, which I can't find in Memphis. When I mentioned that to my husband, he quickly suggested we eat at Pappy and Jimmy's or Aveeno's. (He can't remember the names of places, but I'm fluent in Marcus so I usually know what he's talking about.). I decided on Pete and Sam's because I prefer the sweet Northern Italian sauces over spicy Italian food from the Southern region like they serve at "Aveeno's."  Pete and Sam's was a good call, because they seem to have really stepped up their game. It makes me wonder if they knew they were going to have to make some improvements to keep folks coming back without Mr Sam there. They brought out the cracker basket and butter, but the cracker basket also had a considerable portion of French bread in it. We ordered the ravioli for an appetizer, and they were perfectly cooked with a crispy outside and a great beef and seasoning mixture on the inside. I had the Chicken Marsala, as usual, and Hubby had the Spaghetti ala Caruso, and we were both very impressed. We both started with a salad, which was large and covered with chunky blue cheese dressing. For the sides I had a baked potato and spinach. The potato was a typical potato, and the spinach was delicious. We split a cannoli for dessert, which was obviously homemade and pretty yummy. It was our first time trying the cannoli. We're hooked on the spumoni, which is absolutely divine. It was somewhat sad taking that first step back in there, but I'm so glad we did. I can see us going back more often, now for the food.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,7/4/2013,27,93,,5,2>Whaaat?! How am I first to review this? Live at the Garden is a summer concert series held at the Memphis Botanic Garden. Most people I know buy General Admission tickets (around $40) and sit on the lawn. This is where the party is at! The cool thing about these shows is that they allow you to bring food and beverages into the amphitheater. When I've gone, we pack up a cooler with some snacks and wine, and get ready to have a good time. You can bring chairs and blankets, as well. Views can sometimes be obstructed by trees, depending on where you sit. They also have big screens further away from the stage to help remedy this problem. Up front, there are tables you can purchase to sit at. I think a lot of times, businesses buy them as sponsorship, but don't quote me on that. In my opinion, the lawn is most of the fun. It's an awesome experience, and a definite to-do in Memphis.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,7/3/2013,38,62,3,11,8>I have been here couple of times. I would recommend a buffet here. The taste reflects more like South Indian cuisine. The appetizers are really tasty. A must try is gobi-manchurian. (Cauliflowers dipped in corn flour batter and stir fried with green peppers, garlic and ginger)Another hit list is Tandoori chicken and chicken biryani. The desserts are OK. If the place is crowded (it is over the weekends for lunch), you might not be treated very well by the waitress. But since we were so hungry, we ignored her rude behavior. Yes, ignorance is Bliss. If you reach too late for buffet, they sometimes make another batch of finished items, which might not be as tasty as the previous ones. The potential reason could be that sometimes with Indian dishes, you need let it stand for sometime so that the spices mix well, rice/veggies get marinated in it and becomes more spicier and tastier.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/2/2013,53,58,2,3,4>Valentines Day Dinner! I rarely, if ever, give out 5 stars, but this place was pretty awesome. We had reservations and got right in, our Server was friendly and efficient. I must throw out this random, probably often overlooked, fact, the water they serve here is delicious! I don't know what kind of filtration system they have, but if I could imagine the taste of the perfect glass of water, Houston's has it! I did my homework and Perused Yelp before going and took the Spinach and Artichoke dip tip. It was amazing, definitely the best I have EVER had. The chips were decent, but the dip was the star! I ordered the Hawaiian steak, that is not the technical menu name I believe, but you get the idea. It was pretty tasty, I don't think I would order this particular flavor again but the meat was amazing. It was cooked to a perfect Medium rare, the meat was thick and tender, it was juicy, it was great!  This came with a STUFFED baked potato and it was also amazingly delicious! My date had the seared Prime rib and fries, again the steak delivered. I would say the bite I took out of his was probably the best bite of steak I have EVER experienced. I would highly recommended this place to anyone and everyone but expect to drop at least a hundred.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/1/2013,73,51,,6,1>I am going to come back and add more to this review, but I wanted to get on the record as informing the world that the tamales, especially the pork tamales are as good as they get at Emillio's. They make them fresh around lunch time every day, and when they're gone...they're gone.Go early for lunch and buy a dozen and take the rest home for dinner; they are NOT sold individually. I am not sure they are even on the menu, but they have them. What makes these so good is that usually tamales have too much corn meal, or the filling is dry, or the entire thing is too bland to eat on its own without a myriad of hot sauces. These tamales however are perfectly proportioned, cooked in a corn husk, then wrapped in cellophane to lock in the moisture. PERFECT tamales.....I've never had better.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,6/30/2013,71,263,1,4,3>What a day! The weather was beautiful and it looks like they've been busy at the Memphis Zoo...still some construction going on but very impressed with the work that has been done. Got some great pictures and excellent video of one of the resident Panda's and really enjoyed the grizzly bear exhibit. A great way to spend the day!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,6/29/2013,36,117,3,5,2>I really like J. Alexander's for a few reasons: consistency, quality, and the overwhelming number of refills that are brought to your table.  I don't know why it's not 5 stars... just something says "not 5 stars."It's a little dark, so I like to sit by the windows, and when it comes to a place to have a 'nice' lunch or bring clients / work colleagues, J. Alexander's can't be beat.  I recommend the fish tacos... because I always recommend fish tacos.You want some iced tea... unsweet... and need 5 million refills?  This is your place.  Service is great, drinks are solid, food is consistent and quality.  Give it a go.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/28/2013,127,77,3,6,3>Recently revamped, and great view of the sunset in Memphis.  Nice rooftop deck with a 70" TV good for watching a game.  A DJ playing some lounge type dance music with an electronic remix, if that makes sense.  A fire-pit on the side to keep 6-10 people warm, Miami-esque sofas to kick back on, you almost don't feel like you're in Memphis anymore... until you see the scenic Mississippi River!  Had me a Pome-Fizz, it was delish, but the egg white in the drink made it smell like fresh river water.  At the moment, great pours for the brown liquors, enjoyed my Corsair Quinoa whiskey, a few drafts including Ghost River.  Had some food as well, (found out it came from downstairs eighty3), and it took some time for my sloppy joe chorizo sliders to come up... but it was alright because I was in good company.  The food on the other hand wasn't too special.No matter, I'll be back soon for the music and the drinks.  The crowd currently is on the older side, but that's cool with me... ain't got no time for the riff-raff!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,2/1/2013,53,67,,5,2>Now keep in mind, t I'm not expert on BBQ. For someone who lives in Memphis, this is probably unheard of, but it's really something that I only get a taste for about once a month. When my mom comes to visit, we eat barbecue everyday for a week, and most of the time, that's enough for me. That being said, when I do eat it, I enjoy it. And, people often ask me what's my favorite barbecue in this great barbecue city. I'm not certain this particular establishment is the best, but it's definitely in my top 3.I'm not the only person who considers The Bar-B-Q Shop in Midtown Memphis to be one of the best barbecue restaurants in the city. I find that almost everything on the menu is done very well. It's one of the few places in town where you can get your barbecue sandwich served on buttered Texas toast. Let me urge you to take them up on that offer. The richness of the buttery bread is a great counterpoint to the barbecue sauce, which is on the sweeter side.Another popular dish that you'll find in restaurants around the Bluff City is barbecue spaghetti. While it is an acquired taste, some restaurants do it better than others. The Bar-B-Q Shop is tops in my book. Barbecue spaghetti can easily be overly sweet, especially since noodles don't offer much flavor to counter the sauce. So if the barbecue sauce sucks, the barbecue spaghetti will suck, too. If you want barbecue spaghetti, definitely get it from here.You won't find a bad barbecue dish on the menu. So, if you have friends or family from out of town and you're looking for a place where everything across the board is good, this is your place.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,1/31/2013,76,63,,6,3>Not much bad to really say about this place, other than 2 things:1. A little pricey but quality is superior of most but still for this type of restaurant pricey... I am around $25 for lunch every time but I order a lot2. It is small and there is always a waitNow the good or great 1. So fresh2. Authentic3. The owner Pepe will give you the history of their culture and a detailed description of everything on the menu4. Make sure you get a fresh juice5. Make sure you get the fried cheese6. Make sure you get the corn7. Make sure you try anything that has the Mole sauce as they make it from scratch8. Really anything on the menu is very tasty!Only four stars because of price and I still think some of the authentic places on summer ave are just as good.... Just this location is obviously much better.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/30/2013,29,99,,3,5>Just an update.Understanding Belmont Grill is a dive, I posit:The French dip is good.The burgers are great.The salads are really great. The service is really great here, and continues to be. The food is 3.5 stars. The service makes the whole experience a 5.Oh, and best of all - the kitchen is open late. Great for night owls like myself.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,1/29/2013,98,357,2,5,3>Great food. Soups are some of the best in town(Probably the best). I could give a large list of items to order but they really are all good. The thing to know is that it is a mom and pop place and will take a while to eat. Don't go here if you need to eat fast. They have beer but take some wine, a date, and make it a fun night with some great food!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,1/28/2013,106,53,6,8,3>Okay this was stop #3 on a night of fun and frivolity with my cousin.  So I didn't get to stay quite as long as I liked cause I was exhausted and needed to drive her home but even with that disclaimer I still must say...I REALLY LIKE THIS PLACENow if you are like me and somewhere north of 30ish and so completely over the loud smoky "can I get yo number" club days you yearn for a place where you can sit down (cause I am hip enough to still wear very cute shoes...but sensible enough to not want my feet to hurt) in a comfy chair, hear good music chat aimlessly with your friends and get a good drink or a tasty morsel to eat...this needs to be your new spot.   The place is beautiful with the most adorable, interesting, ecclectic decorations I have ever seen.  The crowd is just as eccelctic as the building.  While I was there I saw older couples listening to the piano downstairs, barely 21 (and unfortunately very drunk) college kids, artsy people, tatooed people, alternative lifestyle folks, you name it it was there that night.  (full disclosure I think I was there at the in between time in the night when the club was changing over).  To me that is one of the great Charms Of Mollie Fontaine...I had a really hard time classifying it.I tasted two cocktails that were both delicious!....and the cheese plate was one of the most interesting and tasty that I have ever had.  And the bathroom was so cute!  I know it is weird to gush about a bathroom but it was adorable!I think I may need to go again and stay a bit longer before I can come up off the 5th star.So in short...if you want a relaxed evening for you and your friends in a cool and unique setting, this is the place for you!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,1/27/2013,26,99,11,13,4>I've lived here for almost a year and a half, and I think I can say with some certainty that is easily one of the nicest places I've lived in.The thing that drew me to live in this community was the proximity to my work. I often ride my bike to my job because I live literally right next to it. It is extraordinarily convenient. The other great thing about the location is it is right next to the biggest park in Memphis, Shelby Farms. It has great access to the Green line -- Memphis's super long bike trail. It is only a block away from the entrance to the freeway for all other trips and hence is pretty much the most convenient place to live in East Memphis. Additionally, if you are concerned for congestion or high traffic due to the proximity to the freeway, don't worry. Madison is located in a cove that is isolated from the freeway and has a lane all of its own to access the freeway on ramp. If you are a student at the University of Memphis and are looking for a place that is in the suburbs but close to school look no further than the Madison. It is only ~10-15 minutes away depending on traffic. You have access to three different grocery stores all within a 10 minute drive or less -- Kroger Kirby, Kroger Mendenhall, and Whole Foods Poplar. Location: 5/5 Unbeatable!The amenities are typical for an apartment. Not superb, but more than adequate. When I moved in all my appliances were new. Compared to most other apartments in Memphis this is great. Many of the others I visited had old, highly used appliances.I assume that the management has continued this practice. The complex has a very adequate gym, a pool, and a laundry room for those who do not wish to purchase a washer and dryer. I use the laundry room and find it quite adequate. The only issue I have is the card system that they use. I am sure most of the other Fogelman properties also use this rather than the coin op that I have been used to seeing in other cities. The office is open from 8 to 6 everyday except Sundays. The only issue is parking. There are not enough spots in the community due to residents having multiple cars but only registering one with the office. Management has tried to remedy this using parking stickers, but with no enforcement of the stickers repeat offenders continue to occupy spots indefinitely.  Causing working residents to have to park elsewhere.Amenities: 4.5/5The management staff are nice and polite. They are prompt with service and are good at coordinating events within the community. My only wish is that the office was open later, but it is not an enormous issue.Management: 4/5Madison is a bit pricier than most options in Midtown, but I think the value is what you are paying for in this community.Value: 3/5The people who live here are varied. There are some rabble rousers who cause problems by playing music loudly at all hours of the night, but ultimately these individuals move out. For the most part the people here are your typical blend of apartment residents: students, adults, families, and single professionals. You won't get the highly polarized single professional crowd as you would downtown on South Main, but you're also not paying over $1000/month. The walls aren't especially thin either like they are in many apartments on South Main. I can just barely make out the sound of my neighbors having sex even when it's dead quiet. That might be a little too much information, but, honestly, isn't that really the only reason people care about thin walls? It makes sense to use that as a metric to describe the apartment quality. Let's just call them sex-resistant walls. Someone had to say it. You're welcome.Community: 3/5Overall the Madison at Humphreys is a great place to live. If you are looking for a nice place in the suburbs where it is relatively safe to go outside to run at the dead of night, I strongly recommend this extremely convenient complex.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,1/26/2013,127,4,,7,1>Midtown Yoga has been THE place I go to center both my body and my mind since I have moved to Memphis. As a former dancer, it is really nice to be able to stretch and strengthen my muscles without the abrasive impact running can have on my legs. Their Pay-what-you-can classes are awesome, and students/Teach For America corps members get a special rate.I really like the main studio - the simplicity of the white stone walls, light wood floor, and natural/ambient lighting is a very relaxing environment. There is a great changing/supply room with water in the back, and they have plentiful blankets/mats/blocks to use. I also like browsing the flyers and items they have for sale up at the front. I am all about the mind-body-soul lately, and Midtown Yoga seems like a hub for relevant things going on in Memphis.I would definitely recommend taking class from Sarla, the co-founder of the studio. She starts and ends the class with a few words that help rejuvenate the mind during the class. She is also a teacher at her core - clear, encouraging, and patient. The only thing I would say is to get there about 5-10 minutes before the class, as they lock the doors once the class starts. I like Midtown Yoga because it is a studio that focuses on practicing yoga in its entirety - it is not just somewhere to get a good workout like the yoga classes they may offer at a gym.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/25/2013,79,111,,5,5>I went to Aldo's with a couple of friends recently for a light bite to eat for the evening. I admit I was pretty skeptical about this place, knowing it's the same people behind Bardog and Slider Inn. I don't really care for Bardog, and I have only had decent experiences at Slider Inn. However, I went in with an open mind.It was Wednesday at around 8:30pm when we went, and they were packed, as expected. Despite the chaos, we were quickly seated. Service was a tad slow, but I could tell our server was overwhelmed with the traffic and trying hard. That's what counts in my book: attitude and trying.Kudos to Aldo's for doing pizza by the slice for the dinner crowd. Every pizza place I have encountered in Memphis only does pizza by the slice for lunch. I was happy to know I didn't have to purchase an entire pizza for myself. You have limited options when doing pizza by the slice, as I would assume, considering the effort in creating and keeping fresh so many different pizzas at once. Options are vodka cream, pepperoni, sausage, veggie, and their Slice of the Day.The Slice of the Day sounded right up my alley, called "The Other Side" and loaded with Poblano Cream, Fontina/Trugole, Grilled Chicken, Tomato, and Spinach. (FYI: I'll eat tomato and spinach on just about everything.) I went for it.The slices were a good size. As for the taste? It was perfect. You could tell everything was made fresh, especially the bread. The crust was perfect, not too thin and not too thick. It was a thin crust for sure, but there was enough dough to taste the bread. Toppings were loaded on top. It wasn't too greasy, and it was packed with flavor.Greer ordered the Pepperoni Pizza slice, and agreed that everything tasted fresh.Then, having heard nothing but rave reviews about the cheesecake from both friends and the media, I had to suck it up and try it. If people are raving about cheesecake at a pizza place, then it has to be worth a shot. Not to mention, I get weak in the knees for a good slice.Let me tell you. This is the best freaking cheesecake I have ever had in my life. It has that dense texture that you want from cheesecake, but somehow miraculously also manages to be light and fluffy. The flavor combination is perfect. I had one of those "close your eyes and picture yourself on a tropical island eating this cheesecake" moments.Overall, Aldo's is worth a try. Don't be surprised by their prices. They are a bit pricey for pizza, but it's what you pay to get quality, fresh ingredients every time. It's debatable whether Aldo's is my new favorite pizza place, but it is definitely in my top 3. Memphis Pizza Cafe better watch their backs. They have competition.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,1/24/2013,13,163,,5,3>E's is exactly what Memphis needs!  Memphis has a distinct lack of classic diner type locations that are worth visiting, and E's brings a solid option to the table.  The menu reminds of Waffle House/Huddle House or even dare I say it CK's, but the operation is much better run than any of those places.  E's is younger, more modern, and feels like a place you want to be in.  It's clean and you can watch the food being prepared.The food is not fancy, it's all inexpensive American classic diner fare, but it is fresh cooked, good quality ingredients and the staff clearly cares about the product they are putting out.  Burgers, patty melts, and don't forget the deserts!  This location even has a drive through window; although I would think the wait times would be just long enough to make that a bit annoying.If you're looking for cheap, but still want sit down service this is a great place to get a fast fresh cooked meal.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,1/23/2013,139,10,,8,3>I just moved to Memphis 2 weeks ago. It was a new year and I was looking to challenge myself. I have tried Bikram Yoga a few times in other places but never stuck with it. Found this place on here and I love it! The staff are super nice and some are tougher than others but they all want you to grow and get better as you continue your practice. They always greet me when I come in and leave, and make a comment about how much better I'm getting at my practice. They are also relatively cheap compared to some other Bikram Studios I have tried.This place is popular so you do need to get there at least 15-20 minutes early if you want a certain spot in the room, but they have added 3 new class times this coming week to accommodate the  spike in participation. The locker rooms are small and become a mad house between classes so I just shower at home. I have joined the 60 day challenge and will be doing day 8 today. They even have a cool little chart up front with my name on it, and cute stickers so that I can track my progress.I highly recommend you try this place. It's in a great shopping center with plenty of parking, and everyone is super friendly. All of the staff members even make it a goal to learn everyone's name. They also have a ton of info on their website. 5 stars!Namaste
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,2/21/2014,10,104,,8,2>The old Chinese restaurant was so so, nothing to brag about. But when the new owner took over this restaurant and change the name and the menu, the place actually is a lot better.First: The staff is way better, they are aim to please. Very attentive and you as a customer will be please with the service.Second: The food is ten times better. They serve Chinese, Thai, Japanese, Korean, and some other Asian type of Asian delight. The chef/cook does an awesome job especially with the tom yum noodle soup (Thai soup). It was not overpowering with sweetness just a little hint. Mostly all thai restaurant for some reason put way too much sugar on their food which kills the authenticity. I should know because I have been to Thailand too many times and my better half is from Thailand. Korean noodles was hot but not too spicy, just right.The place makes you feel comfortable, prices are way cheap; 25 oz of beer cost $2.50. They also serve wine and as for the menu items are mostly under $10.00.So the food is awesome, adult beverages is cheap, great staff and the place is comfortable. Sounds like a great neighborhood hangout.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,2/20/2014,47,58,,9,5>I do come here often, pretty much weekly, every Tuesday night for trivia. So I think I get this place pretty well. Thing the first, the bartenders are awesome. Great crew working here, they will take great care of you, talk to you, and you'll have a great time. Thing two, this place has a great cocktail menu, and they make the drinks well. Not only is the cocktail menu good, but it is also large. They have a lot of drinks, and they make them all well. Of course you can also always get beers or cider here. They also have wine, so it's got all the bases covered. I've also eaten a lot of food here, and while the food may be a buck or two more than you want to spend on it, it is delicious. Their "big cheese" grilled cheese panini is perfect. Perfect cheese choices, warm and melty, it is my favorite menu item. I've also tried the pizzas, my favorite is "T's Shrimp." Also good, if you want to snack on something warm, are the "loaded baked potatoes" covered with blue cheese and bacon. Good to share for a couple.As for the atmosphere, I once called this place a nice dive, but that isn't right. It's a local place that is taking care of their costumers, because their customers take care of them. This place doesn't take itself too seriously, even though it is an oyster bar that serves great food and amazing drinks. This place can compete with nicer "lounges," if that is what you want to call them, but it doesn't. This place is a bar! And a fun place to hang. I show up in my t-shirt and know I can still get a good beer, a good mixed drink, some good food, and have the type of night I want to have. The big screen TV will probably be playing a movie, some funny cult classic that maybe you've heard of, or something you've definitely heard of and enjoy. You'll see all the regulars and make "bar friends." It's like going to your friend's house that is actually a bar. Other bars want to be as cool as The Cove.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/19/2014,197,116,8,9,7>I don't know much about French food. The French Dip sandwich with French Fries is about as Parisian as I get, although I did once watch Rataouille (I'll never forgive my sister for making me watch that movie instead of Transformers). Luckily, Chef K is around to expose us all to some extraordinary French cooking. His new spot, Monsieur Demarcus, is just as good, if not better, than his old spot. The space is much bigger, and has been decorated in a quaint black and white motif. You kind of feel like you're in an old noir movie and you have a strong urge to break open a pack of Lucky Strikes, call every one doll, and narrate your life in deep, guttural voice. The bigger space does lose some of the intimacy of the older space, but the small tables ensure that your world shrinks dramatically when you actually sit down. The world shrinks even more when the menu is delivered. The menu has been expanded with most of the items now consisting of French classics. The crepes are still being served, but they have been...escalated. The crepes are now full-fledged entrees. I ordered the Jean Baptiste (the same dish I've been trying to order ever since the old spot opened) and it was phenomenal. Chef K even stopped by the table and gave us a brief history on the name of the dish. Fortunately, he waited until i finished eating or he would have just been talking to the back of my head while i gobbled down his creation. The entrees are impeccable, but Chef K has also put a lot of love into his appetizers and deserts. He continues to refine and hone the menu, and he also has a nice list of specials. My only desire is that he would continue to serve some of the crepes from Le Crepe du Vin. I think some of the simplier crepes would be great for a lunch option, with the heavier entrees being reserved for dinner. This remains one of my favorite places in Memphis. I can't encourage you to go here enough. Take a bottle of wine (or two), your favorite person and prepare your taste buds to be invade by France...but, don't worry, knowing the French, they'll surrender soon.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,2/18/2014,98,357,,6,4>The four stars given is based on more than just the pizza. The pizza is good old school style with very good toppings but an average premade crust that can be a little soggy. I ask for extra crispy.  The BLT is fantastic with some super great crispy bacon on white bread. Just like moms make them. The fried catfish is good as well as the spaghetti. I could actually name several other good things to eat but just try what sounds good to you as its all good food. Super nice owners and staff. Great locally owned business to support.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,2/17/2014,103,128,1,10,4>Ridgeway Cinema Grille, Yelp.  It's been renamed!  Those aren't the only updates.  New seats, including loveseats with flippable arms, updated touchless restrooms, upgraded food and booze menu and more entice the middle aged moviegoers of East Memphis and Germantown back into the theater.If you don't want to stop for dinner on the way to your movie, it's okay.  They have the best fish & chips!  Pizzas from Ciao Bella with a sour chewy crust, beer and wine, and lots of the usual movie favorites, too.  The hummus is touch-and-go, sometimes entirely too garlicky, so be warned.  Please don't tell anyone about this place.This is where you go to see Indie films and guaranteed Oscar nominees play.  You won't always leave laughing, but you will be comfy and relaxed when you leave!   Rarely will you find teenagers in this place, so consider it a respite from all the ill-mannered kids, though the 60-year-olds are just as bad about leaving their phones on and Facebooking mid-movie as the kids are!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,2/16/2014,192,191,2,7,5>SOOOO happy they moved to their new place! The highlights:-New everything!! So clean, no more pot holes! -SAME GOOD SAMMICHES -get the HARD bread. It doesn't taste like it sound, I promise! They should change the name to "crunchy on the outside soft on the inside" bread -Meats to order - chicken and turkey are amazingggggg! -free chips with each sandwich order!!-one of the few places that still offers fanta on tap! 5/5 stars. I love this place and I love their sandwiches. Come here if you're a Lenny's or jimmy johns or a firehouse subs fan! It's a good alternative. Also, +1 for a location down the street from my fav ice cream place. Hehe. COME! Highly recommended!!!!!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2013,2/15/2014,54,249,2,8,4>This review is for the beer selection only. I came to Memphis knowing that I would be entering a craft beer desert. Sure there are some new breweries opening, but the overall selection in stores is miniscule and many of the offerings are well past their prime or expensively priced. After many fruitless and disappointing trips to the mainstays around town, I was prepared to admit defeat. But online mentions of a mysterious "Cash Saver on Madison" were common enough that I decided I needed to take a look. Though the unfinished front certainly makes it look a bit sketchy on the outside, make a beeline to the left when you get in and you'll see it.  Beer, beer, glorious beer, delicious beer! And not only the Sierra Nevada/New Belgium types, but a full complement of local brews as well as many rarer ones. The best was two whole shelves of sours, including my favorite bang-for-the-buck of Cuvee Renee as well as the Rodenbach Grand Cru. Make your own six-packs with dozens of different breweries' offerings for an absurdly fair price. I even snatched up a hard-to-find Woodchuck Belgian White cider. And the prices? Absurdly fair and at least a dollar lower than I'd ever seen (including the extra 10% they tack on at the end) on the West Coast. The cashier must've thought I was crazy as I giggled like a schoolkid at check-out. I have found the craft beer oasis of Memphis. Thirsty fellow travelers, rejoice!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,2/14/2014,143,65,,9,3>After hearing about this place from a few Asian church moms, I knew I just had to try this place. I was told to order "surprise," and they weren't lying!It's wonderful to find a place that the chef loves to cook, or at least this is how I feel when I'm eating here. The surprise is essentially something authentic that the chef loves to make. And today it's a true authentic pork, taro, and cabbage dish. It's actually nearly exactly what I would get overseas; the pork would be cooked longer if overseas. Supposedly, don't order more than two surprises because he doesn't have that much ingredients for authentic stuff.I also had their cold onion and ginger chicken, mushu pork, stuffed eggplaints, and beef ribs with vegetables. All of those are fantastic and authentic. Looks like we have a top competitor to New Asia. In fact, I would say Fulin might be better now based on these dishes, but I would need to come back a second time to test consistency before I can just hand the crown over! I love competition!I also saw Beef Noodles on the table next to mine... I know what I'm having next!P.S. By authentic, I don't mean you order General Tso's chicken and expect it to be authentic. You order the authentic items in the menu. If you need help, ask the waiter; he's cool. General Tso's is like the fortune cookie. You don't ask for an authentic fortune cookie!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,2/13/2014,111,135,,8,4>I love coming here. They've been open around a month now and are a wonderful studio. Their staff is all friendly and encouraging, from the owner to the desk staff to the actual instructors. The studio is clean and spacious. The classes themselves are fantastic. The cardio pushes you as far as you're willing to let it (they set a tempo, but you can go at a speed that suits you, whether faster or slower, it doesn't matter). If you have knee or hip problems, this place is perfect for you. I had knee problems from a previous workout a while ago that I thought would be lifelong, only to discover that after only 3 classes here, the pain was gone and my knees were stronger again. While the workout is ballet based, not everything is ballet and you definitely don't necessarily have to have a ballet background to jump on board. The instructors are fantastic. So encouraging no matter how goofy you feel like you look. I even was the only one in my class last week and they didn't make me feel like I was imposing or keeping them from doing anything else. If you're like me and need a push to keep with a workout but don't need a drill sergeant, these girls are perfect. They push you to your limits without making you wish you were dead. After talking to the owner last week I learned that the instructors will be certified for more 'levels' in the next few months and that they're looking to add many more class times to their repertoire soon. It's only an hour class so it's perfect for those with crazy schedules like me! While expensive, I definitely think it pays for itself. I've gone to about 2-3 classes a week since they opened and had lost an inch around my stomach and waist by the 5th class. Of course, no workout is the perfect workout for everyone, so try a couple of classes before dropping a huge chunk of money. They don't have any auto-debited monthly option that I know of, you basically buy a package of a certain number of classes or a months worth of unlimited classes. Find what suits you, and you have no year long commitment to worry about. All in all, I love this place. Well worth my time and money and I would love to see others benefit from it as well. So much fun!!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,2/12/2014,102,55,5,8,5>I just love this store! My sister-in-law first introduced me to The Ivory Closet.  When she told me about it, I was thinking great yet another store that I am going to become addicted to!  For those of you who know me know that I LOVE fashion.  I majored in it for goodness sakes!  The first time I ventured to The Ivory Closet was on a beautiful Saturday afternoon and I was in the mood to shop.  Of course when I walked in I knew I was in trouble....everything that I saw I wanted to buy! I ended up purchasing a cute (could not not purchase) top and some earrings.  Being a yelper of course I "checked in" and I saw a coupon for 5% off accessory. And duhhh, I HAD to use it!  I have been into the store many many times and have bought something every time! I love to look at what new items she brings to the store through Facebook.  I can't wait for her new shop to open, The Attic in Overton Square this September!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,12/31/2012,71,263,,4,2>For good Mexican at a great price you have to check this place out.  We had the chicken fajitas for two which could have easily fed four of us...it was huge and very good.  Their chicken tortilla soup is hearty, full of chicken and vegetables with a touch of lime juice...just outstanding.  Lunch buffet, very good and priced right.  Great margaritas and good service. One of my favorite places to go for lunch.  Absolutely love their tortilla soup.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,12/30/2012,49,72,,7,2>This is a Brand new gym and I have been a member for a week now. I really like the variety of machines and as a PF Black Card member I have unlimited use of the massage chair, hydro-massage table and tanning booths (don't think I'll need the tanning booths in this life). Currently, I am very satisfied, however 4 stars instead of 5 because the equipment, although easy to use is cheaply made and they are not 24/7, just monday thru friday and 7a-7p on Sat and Sun. I'm an early bird!But give it a try if you are in or near the Bartlett area, it is conviently located on Stage a block before Sycamore View at the railway.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,12/29/2012,58,57,1,5,5>Really excited to have another quality BBQ option in East Memphis. I went to One and Only for the first time yesterday and left very impressed -- and that was before I tried my takeout order. I was greeted immediately as I walked in and both of the employees I talked to were friendly and thorough. I noticed the beverage station was meticulously organized (these are things that grab my attention, as a server) and when I peeked into the semi-open kitchen I saw it looked very neat and clean. The decor is simple and I like that they keep the pig-themed tchotchkes to a minimum. It creeps me out to be surrounded by cute piggies when I'm eating pork. (I can't be the only one who feels this way.)  The parking situation isn't ideal -- especially with the holiday rush at the mall next door -- but I had no trouble getting in and out. As for the food: wonderful. I got regular pork shoulder sandwich combos for myself and my husband. They come with slaw on the sandwich (aka the right way), a choice of side, and a drink. I got mustard potato salad for one and green beans for the other. I liked that vegetarian baked beans were an option because there are several non-pork entrees on the menu. In fact, One and Only's menu is more extensive than what you'll find at a lot of other BBQ joints in town. The sandwiches were piled high with pork, the sauce was tangy and both sides were excellent. The green beans had a little sweetness to them which made them unique. We also got an order of banana pudding to share, since there's no better way to finish a BBQ meal. The huge portion was loaded with real bananas and vanilla wafers and it had a meringue topping. I may have found a new favorite!Our total was little more than $22 before tip. Worth every penny. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,12/28/2012,39,320,,1,1>I love Fresh Market.  True, it's not a good place to do your weekly shopping, but it's got a lot of high quality items that can't be found at Kroger.  The seafood selection is small but excellent, and they have a great meat counter.  I've bought some good steaks here, as well as duck and other rarer items.  Produce is great, and the bakery counter is practically irresistble.  They have a good selection of spices (much cheaper than pre-bottled), and items like Mexican coke (made with real sugar -- what a difference!).It's described as more of a European-style market, which I would agree with.  I love the classical music they play, and as others have pointed out, it's a food-only store, no extraneous items.  Even the cashiers are a cut above the typical.  Given all that, I like to come here when I have a little extra time and money to spend on something out of the ordinary.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,12/27/2012,33,56,3,5,3>I always overlook this place because it happens to not be on my regular routes. Big mistake.  I can't imagine how I forgot about these delicious pastries and amazing sandwiches.  I am so happy this place has lasted all these years in Memphis.  A lovely place to stop by for an anything-but ordinary lunch.Try the Pimento on Croissant and a mini fruit tart  and give your diet a mini-break.  You'll be glad you did.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,12/26/2012,144,165,2,8,4>My dinner date wanted some BBQ, so I decided to stop at Cooper Street 20/20, a newly opened prepared-food shop, to get inspired. It's a small shop with food prepared on premise during the day. The chef went home for the day already and her husband manned the shop with a guitar on the side. He  proudly and patiently showed me what they had to offer that evening: some entrees in the freezer, different appetizers, sides and soups in the fridge. Mostly vegetarian plus some chicken dishes for now. I brought home Spanakopita ($12 for 4 big squares), Eggplant Caponata ($5), Carrots and Pickled Ginger Salad ($6). The Spanakopita was in a frozen state so I slid it into the oven for a good 30 minutes while I nibbled at the Caponata which was rustic, sweet and robust. I have found a new favorite eggplant dish and I dare to say it might even convert some haters into eggplant lovers. I am betting her Roasted Eggplant Lasagna is excellent too and it's on my to-try list. The Spanakopita was made of fresh instead of frozen spinach, and the quality of simple ingredients shone through. Nobody said anything about BBQ that evening.At first I thought $23 was a little steep for a Take 'N' Bake meal, but considering that the two of us could make one and a half meals out of these dishes (no leftover Caponata though), it was reasonable. You don't always get this kind of quality food prepared with care and pride in a sit-down restaurant. Cooper Street 20/20 is in the row of small storefronts across from Midtown Autowerks, next to Painted Planet and Inbalance Fitness Gym. Don't blink, or you will miss it.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,12/25/2012,391,293,1,4,4>Can you say delicious! This is the friendliest atmosphere you could ask for! The food will make you come back for more it is so good!  There is a great view of the river as well! I will be back here very soon! Good food, service and atmosphere  if a restaurant can contain all three they deserve my business forever!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/24/2012,22,35,2,2,2>We just tried a wonderful restaurant and closest we have come to Paris style anywhere around here. Le Crepe Du Vin in Bartlett. We had the Le Mediterranee and Cordon Bleu. Their bread is baked fresh daily not store bought and chicken is perfectly cooked with the right amount of seasoning. Even William enjoyed it very much being a critic of food. And the price is unbeatable. Tres Bien! -- at Le Crepe Du Vin.Amazing crepes!   Service is over the top and the bread baked fresh daily.  Can't beat this place!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,12/23/2012,289,203,1,11,4>This place is great. They are very professional and the staff is bubbly and they make you feel comfy. I loved the wax promo they have with the half off or even free wax, depending on the area. They have a lot of different packages in their brochure if you are a serious waxer even for college students and men. The girl that did my brazilian said she loved the job and she loved the hard wax they use and I always feel that If a person loves their job and the products and services they provide you will always have a great experience. She took maybe10/15 minutes at the most and she continuously changed out the wax stick. I don't play about my health so I was watching bc I did hear a story from my best friend in Nashville  of a girl she knew in Nashville getting an infection. I know it's not the same place but still. But I'm glad to inform you that it didn't happen with me at this particular place. I will definitely be back for a leg and Brazilian again bc there wasn't much pain and it last a long time. Also I recommended a friend who now has fallen in love and I received $5 off  my next visit. WoooooHooooooOh and if you get lost don't be surprised I saw two women call to see where it's located. It's oddly located right behind that liquor on Poplar kinda by Swankys and Burger King.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,12/22/2012,1,7,6,4,1>Eden Spa is a beautiful, serene spa offering the best & most advanced aesthetic services available. They also have the only certified spray tanning specialist in the Mid-South, Bari Metz. You will be amazed at how beautiful & glowing you will look, without the harmful rays of the sun.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2014,10/20/2014,39,66,3,3,3>Giving a grungy little restaurant 4 stars is a bit risky, but in this case makes sense 'cause the food is a notch above the competition (...well the lunch items that is). Oddly enough, I haven't eaten breakfast there or ever had the pancakes. Lunch time finds the parking lot full with local vehicles.  I always get vegetables, which are mostly prepared from fresh each day.  The menu items available exemplify the traditional southern table variety such as fried green tomatoes, squash, etc. Yes, the place needs a good cleaning. Of course, the wait staff can be a bit edgy in a hillbilly sort of way...but the food is hot and good.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,10/19/2014,56,214,1,3,3>If a Memphian were to suggest Dunkin' Donuts before local doughnut boss Gibson's, it would be considered culinary blasphemy.  I feel the same way about Starbucks and Avenue Coffee.  The corporate former does not compare to my new neighborhood latter.It's about time Normal Station had a cool spot to relax.  Avenue Coffee provides the neighborhood with good coffee, in-house baked goods, and live music on weekend nights.  The ambience is warm just like the service.  This place should flourish as more patrons support the newest local gem in the 38111.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,10/18/2014,31,71,1,4,3>My absolute favorite restaurant in Memphis! Enjoy locally grown and sourced, farm to table creations that will wow your taste buds! Elegant Farmer offers good home cooking, robust salads/sandwiches and perfect desserts made with the freshest ingredients. I've had a number of their menu items, which fluctuate with the seasons...I recommend the salmon patties, roasted chicken, macaroni & cheese, any of the burgers, and the Cobb salad. The chest pie is also amazing! Everything here is amazing...seriously, I've yet to have anything that I didn't like!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,10/17/2014,22,44,3,3,3>I first learned of this goodness at the farmers' market at my workplace.  Three of us would get to work ungodly early on Friday mornings to try to get one of the coveted parmesan rosemary scones.  I am NOT a morning person so this speaks volumes about the scones.  Winter came and the farmers market ended and then when it re-opened the Ladybugg Bakery did not return much to our dismay.  So for my coworker's birthday, I decided to do the unthinkable--I got up even earlier to drive to Hernando, MS before work to pick up a dozen rosemary parmesan scones.  And it was completely worth it.  The bakery is located just off I-55 at exit 280 and before I even got out of the car heavenly smells were wafting in my direction.  My stomach started rumbling as I walked in and noticed that there was quite a crowd for 8 am on a Friday morning.  I wished I had more time to stay and have the full experience, but I knew if I stayed much longer I would leave with one of EVERYTHING, particularly the endless variety of salted caramel treats.  I was also surprised to see that there was an extensive menu of hot and deli dishes.  Made a note to myself that I would need to invent a reason soon to come back to Hernando in the not so distant future.  The rosemary parmesan scones were the hit I knew they would be and we had all forgotten just how wonderful they really are--scones can be dry and crumbly, but these are moist and packed with flavor.  If these were accessible closer to home, I would struggle not to eat one for breakfast every day.  If you were always looking for a reason to go to Hernando, now you've got it!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/16/2014,8,112,3,3,2>The Botanic Garden Farmers Market is not in my neighborhood, but I am very into buying fresh veggies and planning dinners around that. Since I had not made it to another market recently I trekked to the Botanic Garden to stock up on cute little baby carrots (tops still attached), a small watermelon (perfect for smoothies) and zucchini (will you take 4 for a dollar?) which will be incorporated into my white veggie lasagna. I was very tempted by the gorgeous flowers, but stuck to my veggies
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,10/15/2014,28,35,5,3,2>I write this review as I sit in a car stuffed from eating. So it's Fourth of July and I stayed home all day. I'm not what you call a BBQ fan. I always wind up disappointed. In my five years living in Memphis, I've had Corkys, Jim and Nicks, and Central. In five whole years. I know lots of locals rave about Corkys and Central but.....Moving on. I decided today I would try Memphis BBQ for real. We arrived 15 minutes before close and dined in. Did the staff become rude because we were thoughtless? No. They were super friendly and didn't rush us at all. I had a pork shoulder plate with Texas Toast, twice baked potato salad, and fries. Hubs had a brisket sandwich and baked beans. He says his beans tasted fine, not too spicy and with little chunks of meat in them. His sandwich was amazing! It was sliced thin. Melted in my mouth thin.  I thought I hated brisket. Ha funny how that works. My pulled pork (I had them chop it) was really tender. It wasn't served with sauce. Honestly, it didn't need sauce. The flavors were there. The sauces they had at the table were good. One more so than the other. So good that I squirted about half the bottle into my to go box. Haha. Wait the potato salad!  It was like a cold baked potato and it worked. I could order it by the pint. The fries were fries. They didn't suck but they definitely weren't the star of my plate (thank god)So yes this will be the one and only BBQ place I frequent. At least until I'm feeling adventurous again.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,10/14/2014,897,149,4,5,2>Dropped in for toasted ravioli and wine.  It was a little after 4:00 pm and we notice the early bird special - 2 meals for $20.  We ordered the eggplant and manicotti.  We ate the accompanying salad there and took the main courses home.  They reheated perfectly and gave us two VERY nice meals.We will do this again!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,10/13/2014,98,357,2,4,6>I am so glad they opened this location near my house! It has proven to be great food and service at a very reasonable price. There are many fantastic dishes like the pine nut tuna that I highly recommend trying. (There are a couple secret winners! Can you find them?) This Tokyo Grill is family owned like all their locations. The father handles the chef duties with his daughter running the front of the house and I think they are off to a bang up start. Another local family restaurant that is super easy to support!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,10/12/2014,74,30,4,5,4>Come one, com-al-es! See what I did there? Los Comales actually means the griddles, but I can't resist a good cheesy Spanglish pun. My husband and I are a little bit obsessed with this place. Hands down best chips and salsa, for one thing. Better than that place everyone swears by that starts with a Las and ends with a Delicias. Yeah, I said it. They have a trio of salsas that are super spicy and very flavorful. If you're not into spicy food, they do have a good tomato based salsa as well. I should mention that a couple times we had to request the spicy trio, which my husband thought was because he's a gringo in a restaurant with mostly Latino patrons. He was a little miffed but he quickly forgot about it once the spicy salsa hit his lips. ;)So far our favorite items here are the al pastor tacos and burritos. Al pastor is a somewhat spicy marinated and grilled pork, if you're not familiar with it. I had the huevos con chorizo today from the lunch menu which was very good and not greasy. My husband had the carnitas which was perfectly browned on the edges and for an interesting twist was lightly seasoned with a dry rub and served with pico de gallo. This place is not fancy, but it does have a sit-down restaurant feel, as opposed to some of the other yummy Mexican places on Summer that are a lot more casual. The food is great, the service has been good every time, and it's a good value. If you haven't checked out Los Comales yet, it's definitely worth a try.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,10/11/2014,82,49,3,8,6>When my father suggested Elwood's for dinner one Friday night, I figured, no big deal! What kind of place could this REALLY be, if my DAD is suggesting the place?!?! Answer: AWESOME kind of place!All of the food is amazing. BBQ Quesadillas? GOOD!! Fish tacos were amazing! AND I tried the blue cheese slaw! Amazing (watch out for the Jalapenos though!)!!!!It does take a while, but that's because the chef cooks it as you order it! I think that is for sure a selling point. I went with a couple of coworkers to do business, and we sat outside at a picnic table and enjoyed the weather and our delicious meal!Truth be told: Father does know best...especially when it comes to cool hole in the wall places!
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,12/20/2011,22,12,4,9,4>I love the standard of care at Main Street Dental.  I refer all of my friends and coworkers to your office. I love everything about my experiences thus far at MSD (well the shots and drilling aren't fun but hey you can't do much to improve that part right?!) My favorite things about the MSD office are the amazingly friendly and helpful staff, their attention to detail in making sure that the patient experience is as pleasurable as possible, the use of modern technology for bookings and reminders (text and email) and finally their punctuality.  I never have to wait on my appointment and I am always in and out in an acceptable amount of time.  This is important to the busy professional.  I feel like the staff delivers every time and that is exactly why I have referred so many people and will continue to do so.  The entire team works hard and the patients recognize it.  Everyone I have sent over has been very pleased with his or her visits. If you work anywhere close to the downtown area, you should strongly consider MSD.  You can get in and out for standard preventative work within the lunch hour and I sincerely believe you won't find a better dental staff in Memphis.  I hope MSD is around for a very long time
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,12/19/2011,319,116,,5,3>Even though Luchbox Eats has been open since Labor Day 2010, this was my first visit. The main fare is unique sandwiches with names that evoke school: Homeroom Chicken and Grids, Principal's office Link, 3rd . Period Smoking Birds, served on school-type lunch trays.  The menu is printed on a piece of notebook paper.  We had the 3rd Period Smoking Birds - delicious smoked turkey on Texas toast, Holiday Break Chicken -chicken salad sandwiched in cornbread, and the flagship sandwich  Homeroom Chicken and grids- fried chicken strips on wafflesThe staff is attentive and welcoming, and the owners obviously take pride in the property with flowering plants on the patio and side walls.Seek this place out.  It may be a little hard to find on 4th, south of Linden and the FedEx Forum.  It will be worth the trip.  Note: Limited weekday hours, closing at 3.  Open weekends until 7 PM.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,12/18/2011,275,277,,5,3>Very nice romantic restaurant  across the street from the Germantown Commissary. Filled with couples and groups of 6-8 it is a great way to spend a quiet evening with lover or friends.We celebrated our 19th here a few days ago when my husband surprised me with dinner and a Pandora. The Miss Mary's salad is just lettuce, one tomato wedge with oil and vinegar. It is the only thing that was bland and boring except for the overpriced and acidic $45 Classico.My husband had a large oval baking dish of delicious lasagna and another salad with cheese which I cannot eat.I had the house special with shrimp, mushrooms and spaghetti. It was excellent.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,12/17/2011,7,10,2,6,7>One of the Best places on Beal Street!  This is the Heart of real Live Memphis Blues Rock.  Part of the Rum Boogie Club it is still stands by its self.  Food is good but better to eat in the Boogie and suck up the juice in the Blues Hall.  Bartenders in the Juke are tops, they keep you topped off and are always ready to do for you.  So tip them Well!  And if Jeremy is working that's my Boy Tip him REAL WELL!!!Live Music!!! In the Hall you are with the band when they play. The Hall is a wonderful strip and real personal. When the band go's on brake they will come to meet you!  Some of the Best Bands that are Patrick Dodd Trio, Darren J Band and the rest of the lineup will not let you down!Patrick Dodd Trio, is a must see, so if you love Music Do not Miss Patrick if you do it is a life blunder!  Patrick Dodd on vocals will bring you back time and time again. This guy has real Soul and his Heart is made of Gold! Landon Moore can play the bass like I've never seen anyone do before!  He could keep up with the best!  Harry Peel on Drums brings the past to life in Future Blues!!  If you see anything on Beal Street Patrick Dodd Trio should be on the top of your list!patrickdoddtrio.comDarren J Band puts the Fire in the Hall! When you're in the Hall with this Band You feel like it's you and just the band.  Darren Falls Mother gave birth to him and his guitar, you have to think her for this!  Laura Cupit on Bass makes you feel like Wonder Woman has taken over the stage.  Playing with the real fire of sex and a bass sound you have got to feel!!! W.C. Garrison on Drums sets the beat for the show, You will truly enjoy what he brings... So Don't forget the DRUMER!!  Tell Harry too!!darrenj.com/home.cfmNow if you thank that's all they got for live music you have your head under a rock!  But with all that said James watches the Door.  Tip him when you can, he will make sure the door is safe and if anyone gets in the way of your good time, James can take care of that too!!!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,12/16/2011,53,67,,11,3>When you first walk into Napa Cafe, the first thing you will probably notice is the decor; vibrant and lush, this restaurant is just saturated with color, including a ruby red carpet. You will also see classically dressed servers in crisp white shirts and black pants, and and it will probably be fairly crowded. Napa Cafe is a popular weekday ladies luncheon spot, tucked in an unassuming strip mall off the main thoroughfare.I started out ordering the summer squash soup; I really appreciate when restaurants take steps to address seasonality with their ingredients and preparations. The soup was light and delicate, garnished with a spoonful of crème fraîche and snipped chives. It would have been perfect with a touch more salt.For my entrée, I chose the ham and apple sandwich, which is definitely a play on the idea of pairing savory items with sweet items. The sandwich was served on herb ciabatta bread and came with sweet potato chips. The ham was a bit too salty, and the sweetness from the apples could not quite counterbalance the ham. The sweet potato chips were crisp, tasty, and not at all greasy.For dessert, I tried to order the buttermilk pie (a creamier version of cheesecake that doesn't necessarily have to be served cold), but they were out of it. I had to "settle" for the Ghiradelli chocolate paté, a rich, creamy, piece of chocolate heaven.  It is served with strawberries and fresh whipped cream, and it is sinfully delicious.Final Impressions: The food was really quite tasty, and our service was impeccable. They have an excellent wine list (Then agan, what would you expect from a restaurant called Napa Cafe?) If you're not forty-five or older, then you probably won't see anyone your age dining at Napa Cafe during the lunch rush.  However, the dinner crowd is a bit more eclectic. I would recommend this restaurant to those looking for a romantic night out, or a lunch date with the girls.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2011,12/14/2011,100,106,,7,5>Good stuff y'all! I'm stuck between a 3 and 4 star review (going to bump to 4 stars now!). Great variety of pizza - from Margherita pizza, to Memphis BBQ (with local veggies and pork, and fresh cilantro yum), to sandwiches and a caprese salad that will make your mouth water. Located in the old "Lou's Pie in the Sky" on Young Ave.... this place brings a new vibe and new flavor to an old local pizzeria. Clearly they are still working out the kinks... but it's got serious potential. Crispy crust, but not cracker thin. House made tomato sauce and salad dressings. You can taste the fresh ingredients in the basics alone, including the sauce and fresh mozzarella. They also have goat cheese, anchovies, and anything funkier than that you may want for your pie.Tip - don't buy by the slice, at least not until they work it out. It's close to five dollars a slice, and the slices are the size from a small pizza. We thought we were being frugal ordering three slices for 2 grown ups and a kid, but we ended up ordering three more and paid more than than twice the size of a full size pizza (one size fits all at Skunx). A full pizza will cost you about $12-16  - not bad at all! Especially for the quality! But individual slices will cost you about $28+, if you don't know what you're doing. Ooops! No worries, we'll know better next time, and our incorrect ordering will not stop us from going back. I hope they will add delivery. the pizza is awesome.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,12/13/2011,31,74,12,7,4>Let me tell you how good their panini vegeteriano is.  When I found out my husband ate the half I had leftover, I got so mad I had to A) punch the couch cushions repeatedly and B) go find a pillow and scream into it.  I am still hoarse.  I wish I was making this up.  My dogs were VERY alarmed and that made me laugh, a lot. So I got over it pretty quickly, but I mean, I was MAD.Also, I just ordered one yesterday, and I've already decided I'm getting a to-go order today and ordering the same thing.Also, not sure if I'll ever order anything else.  Everything else is good (especially the Italian panini, but alas, the saturated fat), but any sandwich that's good enough to make me briefly consider keying my husband's car obviously has me hooked.Also, vegetables!  They are good for you! And I don't eat nearly enough of them.  It has spinach, artichokes, red peppers, and hummus, and provolone.  And it comes with sun-dried tomatoes, but I leave those off.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,12/12/2011,9,4,,6,4>I've seen the construction going on at this place for a while, but we were surprised on our bike ride today when the door opened with a yell that "hey, we serve cyclers too!".This is one of the first food stops at the end of the western Greenline, so perfect timing. We had a couple of reasonably priced slices of pie: 1 cheese and 1 pepperoni. Thin crust isn't my favorite, but theirs was good; not greasy and not floppy. We also had some awesome fried ravioli that was about the best I've had in town.We didn't get around to the sandwiches (which looked amazing), but we'll be heading back soon to give it a try.I'd give the place a 5-star if they'd had any outdoor seating. They said they just opened so maybe next time we'll be able to relax a bit more.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,12/11/2011,69,705,3,3,3>Stopped in again today to get the chef salad with chicken.I would literally drive a solid half hour for this chicken (to me, that's a drive).  It's so tender.  It's slow food at its finest -- Aimer and his family let the food simmer and soak up the wonderful, aromatic spices.  It's paired perfectly with cool, crisp lettuce, shredded carrots and a tasty  herbal dressing.And you must try the tea.  It has honey and another unique spice -- the name escapes me -- but it's very refreshing.  Try the baklava -- I dare you.  You'll want to stuff your pockets full of the flaky delight.  Heaven.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2009,12/10/2011,114,317,3,7,6>I can't believe this place has been open a whole year and I just now ate here!!!!  Simply put - the best creole food your mouth will ever have the pleasure of knowing. EVER. I had the crawfish etouffee. It was seasoned to perfection and overflowing with tender crawfish meat. My father ordered the seafood gumbo and it's flavor was very deep and tasty. The couple sitting next to us ordered poboys, and everyone in the restaurant (about 8 tables) was drooling at the sight of them. They were huge and looked awesome. I will definitely be ordering one of those bad boys next time. Prices are very reasonable and there is a great vegetarian/vegan menu as well. This is just one of those places where you could order anything off the menu and love it. (Start with the etouffee!)
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/4/2013,33,56,4,9,5>Even if only for the people watching (let alone the amazing food), I give this place a hearty five stars.  I love the fact that this upscale, quality East Memphis restaurant can offer me a romantic evening for two AND a vibrant bar atmosphere.  What is usually a rare combo, Jim's Place has managed to successfully attain. Since there aren't that many of them, nice East Memphis restaurants are always packed.  Jim's Place is no exception.  If you are planning on a weekend night, plan to wait a good bit.  The bright side is that you'll get to wait in one of the most lively upscale bars in Memphis!  You may just end up having so much fun that you decide to eat on the bar side as well. As for the food, JIm's place has some great options and offers TWO sides with every entree (another big plus).  There are entree selections starting at $15, so you don't have to break the bank to have a nice dinner.Sit back, relax and enjoy the atmosphere!
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/3/2013,31,194,,6,2>PD and I visited this museum with our son and his wife and the 2 year old GS. We had seen an article about it in the Comical Appeal and were curious. It is a small museum, so far, but it is very interesting. They had stuff to keep the adults interested and to keep the GS very interested. The staff is excellent, they are all volunteers. They are very knowledgeable, both about railroads, and the railroad and trolley history in Memphis. The current status of the museum is Phase I of three phases. I can't remember the gentleman's name but he told us about how the museum was planned and executed and about the plans for the future. We even got a tour of the Phase II and III parts. We were in tunnels under the train station that are 99 years old. This is where Phase III will go. It is real cool. Hopefully, they will get the kind of money and support they need to get it done.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/2/2013,144,165,2,5,3>Reading Kyle's five-star review months ago was the first time I knew about the Center For Southern Folklore and I was intrigued, but for some reason it was put on the back burner, until I realized the Mayan Apocalypse is approaching. From their website, I found out a girls Jookin' contest would be held at the center one Friday evening and decided to see it for myself, having heard about the style from a dance show (no, it's not Dancing With The Stars). I didn't realize Jookin' was Memphis-born and most dancers are males. Despite starting almost an hour later than scheduled and being slightly disorganized (understandably, as an amateur contest), it was a fun event with a great community feel. As far as my inexperienced eyes could tell, some girls have the potential to "make it" in the Jookin' world. As a first-timer, I found the layout of this place a little confusing. The Jookin' contest was held in the hall, which is at the end of the hallway if you enter from the Belz Museum (another gem!) entrance off Main Street and you will also find a refreshment concession there, but that's not where they sell the peach cobbler raved by a previous reviewer, at least not that evening. The peach cobbler (which unfortunately did not impress me), along with gifts, works of art, a limited selection of food and drinks (including beers), is sold at the store off Main Street two doors down from the Belz entrance. The store is also where they normally host live-music events. As soon as I stepped inside the colorful, funky store, I was sold, so I dragged the hubby there the very next evening for the Deering & Down performance, despite knowing very little about them (yes, we had been living under a rock). As a music venue the store holds about 40 seats -- including a few tables and a few rows of seats -- plus some standing room. It's casual and intimate, setting the stage for an enjoyable evening. But it turned out to be more than enjoyable. It was exhilarating thanks to the knockout performance by the duo (plus special guests) who rocked their hearts out for almost three hours non-stop. Live music doesn't get much better than this! The ticket prices are very very affordable ( a mere $5 for Deering & Down!). The crowd is a mix of locals and out-of-towners. In fact, a business woman from NYC at the table next to ours also went to see the Jookin' contest like I did the night before and was thoroughly impressed. In short, you owe yourself a visit! If the world still stands after tomorrow.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/1/2013,391,293,2,4,3>If you are looking for a hearty sandwich and soup you have come to the right place! They have the best toasted bread ! I recommend the crab soup, tortilla , and tomatoe bisque. As far as salads go they are super fresh and include lots of veggies! The sherry vinaigrette is delicious! Great meal for after a workout. Very casual place . I suggest eating here on a busy day out shopping or after a workout.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,2/27/2013,26,72,4,2,1>Pretty building on a cool street. The interior is cozy without being cramped. Plenty of TVs showing sports. I had chicken tenders and a bucket of beer. Food was good - the tenders seemed hand-breaded, fries was fine - and the beer was reasonably priced.What really impressed me was the diversity of the crowd. I was there early evening on a Friday and the crowd was everything from rednecks to drag queens. Well, OK, maybe only one drag queen.There was also live music on the enclosed, and presumably heated patio, but I didn't check it out.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/26/2013,27,29,,1,2>I love this place !! The decor, the food and staff are amazing. You can't beat that ! The interior is still intact from when it used to be a silent movie theater. So nice ! Its cozy, great bar and wonderful bartenders. The artichoke dip was so fresh and super tasty. My husband had scallop and shrimp linguine and he said the scallops were cooked perfectly and the cream sauce was heavenly. I had their Burger and parmesan fries. Yummm ! The best part is that their menu has a price range . You can eat for $9 or you can get a $30 dish. Its your choice. Fits all budgets and tastes !  One of my new favorite Memphis Restaurants.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,2/25/2013,25,131,,1,1>I was coaxed into trying this place and I am thankful that I did! Their hot and sour soup is the best around. I also ordered the Saigon egg rolls and that is the main dish that keeps me coming back for more. The manager showed us how to properly wrap the egg rolls in the lettuce wraps which made them so much tastier. Their entrees were "ok" and the service was "spotty" but thats not what keeps me coming back. It is the soup and egg rolls.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,2/24/2013,73,51,,5,2>This is a place I have been trying to experience for several months based on the chef's pedigree, and finally was able to enjoy yesterday evening.  I took my eldest daughter here for her 9th birthday; it didn't hurt that I had a $50 voucher from Living Social and love French cuisine, so you could say I went mostly for me under the guise of a special dinner with my daughter. I reserved the table through Open Table and made a request that they do something a little special for her. I didn't expect anything since I didn't follow up with a phone call, but was please to see that they had decorated the table in confetti and gave her special attention and acknowledgement from the Owner/chef to the wait staff throughout the evening. As mentioned in an earlier review, the menu prices are marginally expensive, though not too over the top if you come prepared knowing this; I think if the prices had been lower, they would be considered "less than expected" (which can be a nice surprise!) and so in that regard I didn't consider it off-putting.  The food: the Sea Bass was well prepared, but I concur with Veronica's review that there was maybe too much pancetta; mine wasn't overly fatty, but the flavor is much stronger than the fish and thus could be used with more restraint. The potato purée, while good, had an over abundance of butter. My daughter had a filet mignon, which was charred black on one side (maybe someone forgot to flip it), but otherwise was cooked per our order. The pommes frites, which is not what not what normally comes with the steak (maybe that's the issue) were sitting in the juices of the steak and thus soggy. My wife had the pan seared scallop special with spinach, pasta and a cream sauce was rich but balanced. For desert, we had the sorbet which was very good (reminded me a little of the sorbeto in Italy), and crime brûlée. The crime brûlée had a great light custard, though I believe they used too much sugar on the glaze as it was thick, hard to break, and instead of accenting the custard, took away from that delightful and light flavor. In summary: this is a place I want to love, maybe in great part due to the friendliness of the Owner and waitress, but there were some issues with the food that kept it from being REALLY good. I also felt the decor was "tired" and as such the atmosphere needs something....anything.....though there was very nice artwork in the dining room. On an upside, we shared all 3 dishes (steak, scallops and fish) with my 5-year old and she raved about it all night! If you want brutal honesty, ask a 5 year old girl!I'm giving the food 4 out 5 stars because I think that even the flaws were not so bad as to say it wasn't good and has the potential for something great. The dining experience gets 3 out of 5, because while both friendly and helpful, the waitress would leave for long spans of time leaving us unattended; to me, the experience is equally as important as the food quality. It can either elevate or ruin your feelings about a restaurant.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,2/23/2013,88,190,1,1,1>for appetizers we started off w/ the fried oysters. very good and it was in some kind of a tangy sauce. we went here for our valentines dinner & they had a valentines day limited edition menu so we chose from there. my husband ordered the grilled kobe n.y. strip for $33. it was coated in butter and port wine syrup. came w/ herbed cream cheese mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus. he enjoyed it and ate everything on his plate. i ordered the seared halibut for $29. it was covered in a creole tomato cream with fresh lump crab. and came w/ creamy roasted poblano polenta and sauteed green beans. everything was perfectly cooked and flavorful. for dessert we ordered the creme brulee. it was delicious but not as good as Flight's creme brulee. staff were ok since food took awhile that day. they came out w/ food and set it out in front of us and just when we were about to dig in the waitress apologized and said it wasn't ours. what a tease! i was hungry! but it's ok the food made up for it. i'm guessing they were probably slow and got a little mixed up that day since it was a holiday and they were pretty busy. not sure if i would say it's the best food i've ever tried. bit the food was definitely delicious...especially the fish.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,2/22/2013,111,135,1,7,3>OH.  MY.  GOD.Why I haven't been to this place sooner, I will never understand.  The atmosphere is very 'western smokehouse'.  The staff are wearing their Southern friendliness like it's going out of style.  The nicest and most helpful wait staff I've ever encountered.  Considering the down home, country western feel of this place, I must admit I was surprised by the food they provided.  You'd think that this place was a five star hotel steakhouse...I got the steak (a must!!) and a salad.  The salad was impressive in that it wasn't a typical, run of the mill restaurant salad.  I think I saw MAYBE two pieces of iceberg lettuce in this greens salad...lots of green lettuce, red lettuce, spinach...the works!  The steak...I can't even begin to explain just how delicious this beauty was.  It was a solid inch and a half thick, and would have taken up two of my palms.  And it was cooked to perfection.I'd be lying if I didn't tell you that I really was hesitant about this place...but the high marks and positive comments I've heard got me to go.  I was not disappointed.  Plus, they have a full bar, and a live band that plays intermittently throughout your dinner.Definitely a mistake to not go here!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,10/19/2013,30,107,,3,3>This donuts are very good, but a little on the sweet side.They have a very wide variety of flavors and they're all good. The apple fritters are good, long johns are filled the moment you order them (I got the blueberry one and it is delish, best thing there!) and the cinammon buns are very good and puffy too.The owner is the sweetest lady ever and they even gave me 2 donuts for free for being new costumer and because I got a dozen =)  I mean, I love donuts and also have two kids, a teenager and a husband at  home.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,10/18/2013,53,67,,6,1>For years, East Memphians have chosen to satisfy their burrito, taco and chimichanga cravings at Swanky's Taco Shop. Similar to national chains like Moe's, Chipotle and Qdoba, Swanky's brings local flair to a popular restaurant style.This restaurant is perfect for folks who like to BYO (Build your own). Diners order their entree (salad, burrito, burrito bowl or three tacos), choose their meat (or veggie mix) and then go down the line as toppings are added to order. Meat selections include: chicken, carnitas (shredded pork), barbacoa (shredded beef), ground sirloin or fajita steak.There is also a selection of speciality items from the grill, which includes chimichangas, quesadillas, enchiladas and fish tacos, as well as signature appetizers like mini chimis and nachos.My personal favorite is the Latin wontons, which are a unique play on Latin fusion cuisine. Wontons are stuffed with chorizo, fried and drizzled with a garlic cream sauce and pico de gallo. Swanky's also has a tequila bar that serves up signature cocktails, beer, premium tequila and top-shelf margaritas. Big screen televisions are tuned in to sporting events, so visitors don't have to miss the big games. Diners can also enjoy live music on weekend nights.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/17/2013,46,87,2,2,3>I love this market!I go here regularly for lunch and dine in. (Yeah, it gets a little crowded!)I love their pizza, salads, breakfast bar, cinnamon rolls, pre-made heat and eat dinners--really just everything they sell!Their selection of fruits and veggies are eye-catching & delicious.I am always greeted with a smile and "Thank you" & often asked if I am satisfied.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/15/2013,99,218,3,6,5>This is a super cute and fun place to eat. Everything is setup like elementary school, you even fill out ur order like a pop quiz. They have games and food comes out in a cafeteria tray. Staff is nice. They have art you an buy from a local artist. It kind of looks like its In a scary place but its fine.Not sure if I would bring a kid here though because its small and kids are loud.My faves are broken rib bones, home room chicken, and holiday break chicken, and the Mac n cheese.They have different lemonade flavors daily but to me thy never put enough flavor so it just tastes like lemonade and they are huge so two people can share a lemonade.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2013,10/14/2013,180,199,3,6,3>Brendalay Grill is a restaurant with a split personality disorder.  The front of the house is high-end casual with a slightly romantic ambiance, while the back of the house is sports bar with flat screen TVs and high-top tables.  Even the menu seems confused.  On one side you see steaks, pastas and salads; flip the menu over and you'll find pub food including pizza and burgers.  Something for everyone, I guess, and every personality too.We came for steak and that's what we ordered.  I picked the 8oz filet with a side salad and green beans.  But, why not order some wings too?  Garlic parmesan wings as a steak appetizer... yep, sounds good to me!  The wings were surprisingly good!  Quite possibly the best garlic parmesan sauce I've ever had.  They were served whole and covered in a not-too-garlicy sauce laced with grated parmasan cheese.  My salad wasn't great.  The lettus tasted past it's prime.  I only picked at the salad and waited for the main attraction.  I'm not upset the salad was passable because my filet was wonderful!  The green beans (not a regular menu item) were very enjoyable as well.I'd like to say that I'll be back to try other menu items, but I'd be liying.  I want another steak!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,10/13/2013,36,69,,3,2>This is my new love! Visited a couple times recently, and had never been before this summer. I was so happy to see such a big breakfast and brunch menu! Very tasty food. Not your boring, standard fare either, which is great. Helpful wait staff and they don't mind if you sit and work for a couple hours either.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,10/12/2013,58,103,1,6,3>If you have $10 and want a healthy and filling meal, you should head to Humdinger's.  It is nice to be able to enjoy healthy food that is served quickly without emptying my wallet's contents.  The fish is always grilled to perfection.  The Greek salad was an unexpected treat.  It was perfect and they didn't over do it with onions or dressing.My friend also really enjoys the fried shrimp appetizer that closely resembles Bonefish's BangBangShrimp.  I think it is just okay, however it is worth a mention.This location serves wine.The dessert is good, but I prefer to eat dinner here and go over to Sheridan's for dessert.Check out their seasonal offerings if they have them.  Earlier this summer, they were serving Shrimp and grits- it was a tasty change from what I usually get here.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,10/11/2013,53,58,,4,3>Again, same neighborhod as New Hong Kong, i was sketchy. Per tip I recieved I parked in the BK parking lot and walked over to Jiji's, bars on the windows next door to some kind of surplus or something...Smile pretty because there are so many cameras! For my first Shawarma this place was pretty delicious. It was similiar to a chicken salad all rolled into pita bread, YUM!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,10/10/2013,56,214,2,2,3>Get here early to browse booths and park more easily!This festival has grown to a very nice capacity.  It is small enough to be neighborhood-like, yet large enough to hang for hours.  The booths are eclectic, and the food is...well...carnie food.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,10/9/2013,35,59,8,7,2>Best Indian food in Memphis. Dishes that are supposed to be spicy are actually spicy, not dumbed down for the sissies.  There's nothing fancy about this place, it's very utilitarian, just like its nondescript strip mall location.  BUT THE FOOD.  We were here on a Sunday afternoon for lunch and the place was packed with Indian professionals and families.  I never wait for a table, but the fact it was packed with non-honkies really whet my appetite.  We only had to wait a few minutes, and praise be to Shiva or Allah or God or Bob the Spaghetti Monster, was it worth the wait.  I'd wait an hour.  Really.  Many vegetarian options.Many carnivore options.   GOAT.  I really wish more restaurants served goat.  It's the poor mans lamb, and the most consumed meat in the world.  Honkies - don't worry, they've got chicken, too. I think there was a lamb dish or two as well. If you want good Indian food, this is worth getting your passport stamped to drive out to.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/3/2014,39,55,4,9,3>Tucked away in a strip shopping center adjunct to Captain D's on Stage Rd in Bartlett sits a gem of a new little burger and sandwich restaurant. I spotted this place a while back and I have no idea what took me so long to finally give it a try. It's close to work and believe me we need more good places to eat in this area.I went by for lunch the other day and was impressed immediately as I entered, nice, new, clean and nicely decorated. The tables were spread out so it wasn't overly crowded like some of my favorite restaurants seem to be. They have the big chalkboard menu behind the counter and the first thing I noticed was "Candied Bacon." How could I not order something like that? They offer it as an appetizer but I also noticed it comes on the "Smoke On The Burger" and when I saw that my mind was made up on what to order. I was going to go with the house made potato chips, however they were out so I went with the fries instead. The food came out fast and looked great upon arrival. The first thing I noticed was the fries are seasoned and battered. I have to say I'm not a fan of this style of French Fries but these were as good as they get for battered and seasoned fries. I still wish they'd had the house made chips or just some simple plain well cooked fries.  That being said the Smoke On The Burger was great, shredded cheddar, BBQ sauce, grilled onions and of course CANDIED BACON, all on a toasted onion bun. As excited as I was for the bacon, to me I just wasn't crazy about the texture of it. Being candied made it chewy and gummy, not a texture I like on my burger. I tried a piece by itself and it wasn't bad but I just didn't think it added anything to the burger itself. Next time I order this burger I will ask to hold the candied bacon and go with just regular ol'bacon if they'll let me. The onion bun was delicious and went along well with this burger. I really enjoyed the burger, it was well cooked and flavorful and I can't wait to try something else off their great menu.The service was friendly and helpful. There were a lot of other first timers there besides me and the staff was patient and helpful with the menu. The owner even came by and checked on us to make sure we were enjoying everything.The Memphis Mojo Café is a great addition to this area. I hope everyone gives it a try because so far no one has been able to catch on at this location, but I think with their quality food and some good Memphis Mojo the skies the limit.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,3/2/2014,59,133,1,10,7>This place is like a Subway for pizza! You start out at the beginning with plain dough (all pizzas are the same size with the exception of a smaller size for kids) and you can order one of their specialty pizzas or make your own. They also have salads that you can customize as you go along as well. We got the Southwestern specialty pizza with spicy marinara, and what seemed like 20 toppings. It was delicious!! I had a small salad. It was very fresh and I literally ate the entire thing. The crust is very thin, and if you are a big eater or are exceptionally hungry, you probably won't get full by sharing a pizza with someone.They have a lot of drinks.. beer, wine, tea, and one of those fancy touch screen Coke machines. There is also a coffee bar.The inside is clean and spacious with indoor and outdoor seating, and the staff was very friendly and helpful.I am looking forward to next time, because there definitely will be a next time.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/1/2014,32,74,2,6,4>So let me start out by saying that I'm so excited to have a new restaurant to try in Memphis!  I went to Seasons 52 last night for their first day open to the public - there were so home runs and a few strikeouts, but overall, the place was delicious!  Would definitely recommend for either a date or a group.  Let me elaborate...The decor was very modern yet cozy.  The bar area is HUGE and they had a guy playing some great songs on the keyboard.  Soft lighting, but bright enough where you don't have to use the flashlight on your phone to read the menu.The restaurant concept of having a seasonal menu is one of my favorites.  This restaurant also has 52 wines by the glass and instead of trying to remember to request a 1oz tasting pour, they have a standard practice of bringing the bottle to the table and giving you a taste.  Love it.The service was pretty good.  I know they just opened, so I did not include service in my rating, however we did have a fairly attentive waiter named Chris who I would consider very attentive for a newly opened restaurant.  However, I did run into a few snags on the food...Chris did a great job up selling the Lobster Flatbread.  Pretty good flavors!  Next up was a Greek Salad, which never came, so they apologized and took it off the bill.  The person I was with ordered the fish, which was supposedly "excellent".  I ordered the Lamb Chops with potatoes and subed golden beets for asparagus (which I hate).  They were very willing to make the sub, but ended up bringing me beets and asparagus.  Oops!  They apologized again and within about 5-10min, I had my potatoes.  The lamb chops were delicious...well the first two were good and cooked perfectly medium.  The third came out very rare and I asked for a new one.  After another apology, they brought out a third chop, but at this point, they had already cleared my plate and silverware, so they packed it to go (which was nice).But all was forgotten when they brought out the mini-desserts!  The peanut butter and the rocky road desserts were unbelievably amazing!!!  AMAZING!!!  The table behind me was in a larger group and I think they got one over everything.  This was presented on a 3-tier holder and I seriously wanted to dig my spoon into their dessert.In short, definitely put this place on your list...but maybe wait a month or two when they get the kinks worked out.  On the other hand, go now and sit at the bar for drinks/dessert.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,2/28/2014,110,37,,4,2>This place is my new favorite! Not only do they make their own gourmet popcorn in house (and offer free samples) but they offer Ugly Mug coffee, and of course the candy. I have already been by there twice this week to pick up gifts! They offer gift boxes where you can put anything..and gift certificates. They have some bar style tables and stools looking out at Overton Square, free wifi, and are open early for all your coffee needs. I love their honey butter and muddy buddy popcorn flavors, but they are all really good. They also offer good oatmeal to go with your coffee.Stop by and support this great local shop! You are always greeted with a smile and a popcorn sample :)
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,2/27/2014,180,199,,8,2>Probably the best steak I have ever eaten in my life.  Seriously folks, I am in love.  I have found a new favorite steak in Memphis... and you will find it at a chain restaurant. Gasp!  But, this is no ordinary chain.   The service and atmosphere are both really great.  The wine list is extensive and so is the selection of bourbon.  If you enjoy a good glass of bourbon or whiskey on the rocks like I do, you will be very pleased. I ordered the Wedge Salad with extra bacon (of course) and the Delmonico Steak.  The Delmonico is an aged 22 oz bone-in ribeye.  I ordered mine cooked to medium temperature. We decided to skip the sides since my date and I had both ordered large entrees.  The salad was good.  Nothing fancy, which is actually how I prefer my salad.  There was not quite enough dressing served but that was easily fixed with a quickly filled request for additional dressing.  My steak was AMAZING.  I had to fight the urge to eat the entire 22 ounces!  When I finally decided that it was time to put down the steak knife, I ordered coffee and a take-home box so I could save the rest of the steak for later.  The coffee topped with fresh whipped cream was very good.  It was enough desert for me although I did steal one little bite of creme brulee.  The creme brulee was much better than the one we tried at another high-end chain located on the same block.   The whole experience for us was great.  I really enjoyed my meal and would highly recommend the Delmonico steak.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,2/26/2014,46,87,2,9,2>After 75 other reviews on this restaurant, I realize I am WAY behind on the times!Ok, seriously, there is only ONE reason people come here--TO GET FAT ON SOME AH-MAZING BBQ!! Our party of 7 arrived on a Saturday afternoon for lunch after a junior football game, where my 8 yr old nephew was the quarterback of his team. It was a celebration  meal--so to speak. When I walked in the front door, I was greeted by 4-5 casually-dressed ladies who welcomed me warmly, took my name, and gave me a pager. Our wait time was all of 3 minutes, just long enough for our entire party to arrive--although, I can certainly see where there could be a long wait time.Walking to our table located near the back of the restaurant, I took in sights of delicious-looking food, from cheese fritters, ribs hanging off plates, and mouth-watering pork rinds!! After reading a couple other Yelp reviews, I decided not to get the pork sandwich, which is a staple for me when I get BBQ. Instead, my date and I split an entree filled with the BEST BBQ meat I have ever eaten! Okay, this is speaking VOLUMES, since that title has only been given to one other Memphis restaurant by me.Noteworthy Food: The beef brisket literally melted in my mouth, and I am not a beef eater. The dry baby back ribs were so moist and delicious, I almost ate every one of them! The smoked turkey was so amazing, I wish I had ordered a sandwich with slaw--but then I wouldn't have been able to sample all the other fares. I'm considering ordering a whole smoked turkey for our Thanksgiving dinner--it's THAT good!! The FREE/Complimentary seasoned Pork Rinds were off the chain!!! I LOVE good pork rinds and they make these fresh, in-house. You can purchase them too for $4. They are worth the $.Not-As Noteworthy Food: The cornbread was as others have written---dense and well, tbh I could have done without it. The BBQ Nachos were proportioned as I have had at other venues, piled HIGH with lots of extras, like lettuce and jalapenos. They were good, but nothing to really write home about. The mac n cheese was thick and creamy, but my nephew didn't like it because it had black pepper in it. I tried a couple bites of it & found it to be pretty good for mac n cheese. The baked beans were NOT pork n beans, which is a VERY GOOD thing. They were good, but not just "over-the-top" magnificent. Our server was attentive and kept our drinks filled without being over-bearing. She was prompt and knowledgable about the menu items. No problems in that department.I enjoyed all of the wall art they had displayed around the restaurant--an eclectic mix, if you will.I will definitely dine here again and OFTEN. I no longer have to drive to Germantown for good BBQ.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/25/2014,56,214,2,6,5>In and OUT!  It is TOTALLY hidden.  I could not be happier with our local government's office location.  Don't forget LOTS of vehicle and personal info!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,2/24/2014,58,103,2,8,4>Menu Items I Love:The Imperial (smoked salmon, lox, red onion, tasty cheese, crusty bread)The Paxton (amazing bed of greens with sprouted red couscous, heirloom tomatoes,              marinated cheese, other goodness)The Chai (best I've ever had outside of an Indian restaurant/home)Basil Lemonade (too good to be true)This a coffeehouse with really tasty food that you don't have to feel guilty about eating.  There are lots of things I still haven't tried.  I don't need the pastries and I don't drink beer/coffee.  I do not like the teas, although I've heard others say they like it.I've you're a tourist staying within walking distance and need a sandwich or the like, they deliver.  If you live here, this a great place to meet friends for lunch or before you head out for some fun downtown.This place's entrees are good.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,2/23/2014,75,66,4,6,6>This place is PERFECT for parties or just a date out with your love one! Drink wine & paint,come on that's just YELLS FUN! FUN! FUN!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/22/2014,111,151,,13,4>I'm very new to eating vegan and am doing so for health and not moral reasons - point being I have a VERY fresh memory of what typical American food taste like as I still eat it. After a week of raw food from another company I found myself wanting to continue to get prepared for me healthy meal but didn't want to break the bank - an online search led me to Two Vegan Sistas and it seemed to good to be true. I went on a Sunday after church to check it out and got the sampler platter - 1/2 of which I took home. I was very pleased with the taste of the food - it's raw and vegan food southern style without bring fried, yes please! I also got the probiotic "tummy flattening" soda, a few hours and a trip to the restroom later and my tummy was indeed flatter - magic! Additionally, I got the cream filled cookies. These taste nothing like an Oreo and expecting so will lead to major disappointment. They do however taste similar to an oatmeal cream pie. I had no problem eating one a day until my order was gone. So I am now on the meal plan and am getting 12 meals for $50! Crazy affordable, I can't even justify the thought of grocery shopping. Delivery is available for $0.60 per mile. The owners are very nice as and easy going - I can pickup my food as often as I want during the week during business hours. They're also good about taking preferences into account. I'll update this review when I have health results to report but for now I am one satisfied customer!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,10/29/2012,20,12,2,6,6>Who doesn't love a good farmers market!  This one has a very special place in my heart. I used to work at the Boys & Girls Club in this neighborhood when I was in college. This market is just one of many area additions helping to revitalize this part of town. The food is brought in from the neighborhood farm that drew quite a but of skepticism when it was first started. The fruit & veggies are plentiful, fresh & very affordable making it a great option for anyone on a limited budget. The store is also stocked with goodies like chicken salad, guacamole, free-range eggs, fresh milk (in the glass jar), honey, local-grown coffee, etc. This is a great place to pick up fruits & veggies if you juice or make smoothies often. Today, I left with 1 gallon-sized bag of spinach, a huge bundle of cilantro, 2 lemons, 4 bananas, 2 avocados, 1 bell pepper & a bottle of honest tea for $12. A few bonuses to this market are that it's open Tuesday through Saturday, closes at 6pm during the week and has an indoor & outdoor area. Currently, there is a Facebook check-in special for 10% off your purchase or a free cup of coffee. If you buy a UFM reusable canvas bag for $10, you get a percentage off your purchase each time you use it. This market accepts cash & credit/debit.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,10/28/2012,12,14,3,5,5>My daughter was married here in May. It was the most elegant and beautiful wedding I have ever been to. I am not just saying this because I planned and designed it. This place just exudes elegance. Not to mention it is actually one of the cheapest places in Memphis we found to hold both wedding and reception in one location. The staff was extremely helpful and accomidating. They worked with us on how to set up the most comfortable and efficient layout for the rooms. Yes rooms... there was so much space it was impossible to trip over anyone. You have four large rooms as well as lovely outdoor area to accomodate all of your guests. There was also a large area upstairs for the bridal party to get ready throughout the day and change after the formal festivities. We did not have a huge group it was approximately 150 people. We held the wedding outside which was beautiful and didnt really need much decorating as they keep it so well maintained. I just cant say enough good things about our experience for this event and I am not just being partial because it was my little girls big day. It was everything either of us ever dreamed!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,10/27/2012,21,19,3,3,4>This was our first visit to the Memphis Zoo... So sad we waiting this long.  It's amazing, loved the design and the flow and we didn't even get to see the animals yet... can't wait! As far as the production of Zoo Boo - Slam Dunk - something for kids of all ages, great little stations set up, tons of free candy and very well organized.  The traffic was crazy to get in but it was fast flowing and very smooth. Might visit again next weekend but tail gate then.. show up say 530 and picnic in the lot!! lol :)
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,10/26/2012,34,20,2,4,2>Yes. The carne asada fries are really good.  But how is no one talking about the shrimp tacos?? They're so, so good!  The salsas are great, tortillas are house made, and the service is laid back and friendly.  Memphis has been badly missing a place like this!  The only thing that would make it better?  Beer and margaritas, or at least just beer.  They told me that breakfast burritos will be offered soon, too.  Love it.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,10/25/2012,71,263,,6,2>Love this place... Great service, seaweed salad is outstanding; light, fresh and tasty dressing.  Actually more of a cucumber seafood salad but just perfect.  Also, not on the menu but BBQ beef or pork spring rolls are excellent.  Make sure you tell them you want the grilled beef or pork otherwise you'll get the standard pork spring rolls.  Good but not as good as the grilled meat.  The best thing about this place is, you tell them what you like and they'll custom make a dish according to your heat request or protein requests.  I had a wonderful Pho soup today that wasn't on the menu and I let them make it for me, spice and all.  It was outstanding.  Great place with fantastic, personalized service.  They make you feel like a member of their family.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,10/24/2012,55,10,,7,4>Cafe Electric is soul, eccentric, and contemporary all wrapped up in a ball. And I really enjoyed looking at all the coke-cola posters and star gold soda advertisements that are posted for all to see. The staff is very hands on and super friendly and that makes me smile. The service was with a smile and it was quite speedy. Warmth is just as important in a  restaurant just as important as its food. I ordered 2 eggs scrambled hard with toast and taters and to my surprise the taters are potatoes and yams. I really enjoyed it along with the Espresso. Altogether my total was $8.41. Now hows that for getting your monies worth and change to spare for your waitress tip :)I must say "I give Cafe Electric Two Thumbs UP!" :)
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2010,10/23/2012,40,315,,2,1>I'm kind of like Joey from friends- I love sandwiches! Bogie's make fantastic sandwiches. Therefore, I love Bogie's.The midtown deli is located in a cute little house smack in front of Studio on the Square. They have indoor and outdoor seating, and pretty quick service. I love their roast beef sandwich covered in their special sauce, or as I like to call it, the oily goodness. I've also had their turkey, club and chicken salad sandwiches and all are very fresh and delicious. I usually order by the half and get a half-salad to go along with it. Soups are served daily- try the creamy lobster bisque or broccoli cheese. And don't forget the "forgotten sandwiches"- awesome BLTs, grilled cheeses or PB&Js. Bogie's also serves bagels and pastries for breakfast, and caters for breakfast or lunch meetings. I know it's always a hit in my office.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,10/22/2012,35,59,5,8,3>The Chilean sandwich may be the best sandwich in Memphis, no joke.  I was in the area for a training class and wanted to give some outside-of-the-loop restaurants a shot for lunch, to see what all the poor schlubs who work out there have to deal with on a daily basis.  The other two places I ate at were decent, but Pop's, my god, Pop's, I'd eat here every day if I could.  It's a counter service place with about 8 or so 4 tops and about 6 stools at a little makeshift bar.  You order your food, get your drink, and try to grab an empty table or make some friends.  We waited about 10 minutes for our food, and the place was packed.  They call the order out and you walk up and get it.  I had the Chilean and the house-made chips (American, not British). They were crispy with a spicy salt on them and all around awesome.  The Chilean looked small, I was a little worried, but when I picked half of it up, it weighed about a pound.  It's a ciabatta roll with cooked-down green pepper and it has some kind of sauce on it and I really didn't take good mental notes because I was in an orgasmic state of delight.  It's really that good.  EAT ONE.You're friend in food,Colin
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,10/21/2012,41,109,2,2,2>The Majestic Grille has great atmosphere. I had the Cheese Ravioli with Spinach and my wife had the Shrimp and Scallops Linguini. The food was absolutely GREAT! The restaurant was packed, but the service  this visit was not the best. I expect servers at quality restaurants to provide an experience instead of me feeling like I have a used car salesman proving me service. However, we will go back because the food and the atmosphere is phenomenal. Additionally, If you are downtown for an event, this is the restaurant I would recommend because they have a broad menu and a variety of wines and cocktails.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,10/20/2012,8,20,2,2,2>Buster's is probably the best all-around liquor store in Memphis.  It is well-located and there is no sense during any part of the shopping experience that you feel like you're in a "sketch" place.  The wine selection won't be matched and I'm fairly certain the same can be said for liquor in general.  My only gripe is the beer selection -- just a part of an aisle, with almost nothing refrigerated.  I know that the goofy laws in TN make stocking beer somewhat of a pain, but I am not afraid to say that Joe's has a better selection.  Buster's, however, does win on prices in Memphis.Lots of people working and I found them to be very friendly, although not always extremely knowledgeable.  Everyone has their "niche" and if your question doesn't fall into their expertise they usually try to find someone to better help you.  You will be asked if you need assistance while you're there.Beer = could do much betterLiquor, Wine = can't be beatPrices = can't be beatAlso, apparently you can't buy a bottle opener in a liquor store per TN law.  Go figure.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,1/11/2012,8,81,,3,3>The first time I've even heard of this restaurant was two days ago when it popped up on my yelp search.  It's been a while since I tried anything new, so I went with someone there.  The atmosphere is great, but the lighting is a little dark.  It's definitely meant to be a more private experience.The food itself was incredible.  I think we had the catch of the day which was (if I recall correctly) stuffed flounder with either lobster or crab.  Simply amazing.  The desserts were even better.  The portions here are just about right to make you mildly full and not over stuff you as many restaurants do.  They also have wines but we didn't order any, so I can't really tell you about their selections.As far as dress, I'd say, semi-formal to formal wear is about right.  You also don't seem to need a reservation here.  In fact, when we went, there were maybe only two or three other tables occupied, which makes sense because it is quite pricey.For us, two teas, two specials ($30 each) and two desserts turned out to be in the $80 zone.  All things considered though, it was well worth the price.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,1/10/2012,38,96,4,18,12>Wow, Pinky's recent review of St. Jude made me realize that Yelp  isn't just about  the best burger in town or the finest restaurant. It's about the best of everything, and St. Jude is at the top of the list.Many years ago I worked a few side jobs at St. Jude.  I installed a few cabinets, etc.I didn't  put much thought into it until I dined in the cafeteria. As Suzanne B. points out, visit the cafeteria. It will break your heart and make you smile at the same time. The camaraderie between the staff and young patients seems like a "happy" family reunion everyday.The only thing if you visit, you will be compelled to write that check a couple or three times a year. But it is money well spent.St. Jude is the 5 star spot in Memphis and we should be proud of it.If things are still the same, park in the visitor parking, stroll in to the cafeteria and prepare to be wowed. The food is decent and cheap, but that's not what you're here for. Try it to see what a remarkable place St. Jude is.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,1/9/2012,116,8,,5,4>What an awesome place for dinner. The ambiance is wonderful. We set outside on the patio that has been well designed with lots of stone work and trees. Enjoy when the weather is so perfect. We had the tomato soup, Gnocchi and Cote De Boeuf for dinner.The Gnocchi even allows you to have an appetizer size which is perfect.Try the Financier for dessert, warm brown butter cake, preserved blueberries with whipped cream.The interior has a wonderful unique atmosphere. This is a must for a "local" place to eat in Memphis. Will definitely go there again.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,1/8/2012,29,50,3,4,4>South of Beale is arguably my favorite Memphis gastropub.  The menu is eclectic and very good, although some of the choices can be a bit salty at times depending upon who's in the kitchen.  The corned beef egg rolls and the duck fried rice are both must-try items.The kettle corn they serve at the bar is evil, in a good way.  I'm powerless to stop eating the stuff.  It's often counterproductive for them, because I fill up on that and don't order any real food.They also feature a fine selection of local and regional craft beers.My only real complaint is that because it's small and because of the acoustics, it gets EXTREMELY loud when it's crowded.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2009,1/6/2012,0,8,,7,5>I was driving down Cooper one night and saw several cars at the Soul Fish Cafe.  I had never been there before and decided to give them a try.  As I was getting out of my car, there were two police officers going into the restaurant at the same time.  I asked them if the food was good, and they assured me that the Soul Fish Cafe was a restaurant they went to on a regular basis.I ordered fried catfish filets, coleslaw, french fries, hushpuppies, and an outstanding green tomato relish that was to die for.  The tarter sauce served with the fish was incredible with a spicey flare...delicious!  Their iced tea (sweet with lemon) was great.  They serve a variety of home cooked favorites with specials each day.  They also have desserts that were very tempting, but I couldn't hold another bite.The service was excellent.  As a matter of fact, I was inquiring about the green tomato relish, and the waitress brought me a sampling to be sure it was what I was looking for before I ordered it.I would guess it was about 8 PM when I went there, and they were not too terribly busy.Definately a place to visit for some good home cooking.  This is one restaurant I plan to go back to again and again.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,1/5/2012,29,78,,3,3>I stopped in here the other day just because I happened to be in the area. The location is one of the best in Memphis. South Main is home to lots of little shops and restaurants, and also the site of some of Memphis's festivals. Bluff City is a reasonably sized place right in the heart of this beautiful area on the trolley line. They have both indoor and limited outdoor seating on the sidewalk outside. The shop appeared quite clean and had a good, reasonably priced offering of coffees and baked goods. I was really feeling the need for coffee, and I think theirs is some of the best I've had in Memphis. I'll definitely be visiting again!
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,1/4/2012,2,37,,4,3>This golf course is fantastic. From the warm greeting/ride to the club house when you arrive, the free range balls for warm up, and the great hot dog at the turn. This is before you even get to the golf.The course itself is gorgeous, perfectly manicured, and challenging.   The layout of each hole really takes advantage of the local environment, encompassing the beauty of the surroundings. Mirimichi is really an unexpected,  hidden gem off of Hwy 51.I plan to play here, and play often.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,1/3/2012,5,16,,4,4>I first discovered Kabob International about four years ago when I moved to an apartment complex nearby. I was hooked at first bite. The food is fresh, the service is friendly, and though the prices are a bit steep compared to other Mediterranean restaurants, it was always worth it to me. Then I...stopped going. I discovered the (now sadly closed) Mount Olive nearby and started going there. The prices were a lot better, and I developed a real rapport with that owner. After Mount Olive closed, I wasn't living nearby anymore, so I switched my loyalties to the (once great and now icky) Zaytoon. See my Zaytoon review for more information. Anyway, fast forward some time and one night, husband and I were jonesing for some Mediterranean food. With Mount Olive gone and Zaytoon a shell of itself, we were trying to think of where to go. Kabob International popped into my head. So we called, placed our order (chicken kabob for him, Mediterranean appetizer sampler for me)...and very quickly we were eating VERY delicious food. My husband raves about the chicken kabob plate -- marinated chicken served on top of rice with a small salad. My Mediterranean appetizer sampler is packed full of hummus, baba ghanoush, tabbouleh and stuffed grape leaves. All fresh and delightful. It's a small place, but cozy and nicely decorated. The service is always friendly. They CAN get a bit backed up on take-out orders, especially during peak times, but nothing too terrible and they're very good about letting you know over the phone when they're really busy. The prices still are a bit expensive, compared to the portions, but the food is so fresh and wonderful that it's a great trade-off. Their take-out orders are well packaged (though all styrofoam, if that bothers you). An excellent place. Give it a try!
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,1/2/2012,70,180,,13,6>I've been to dozens of BBQ joints in Memphis. Among all the BBQ restaurants I've been to, Showboat is easily among the TOP THREE in terms of pulled pork barbecue sandwiches. There are two other things I really like about Showboat. First, it's regular sized sandwich is the size of most restaurants' jumbo sized sandwich; its jumbo is just enormous. Second, the owners go to great length to maintain an excellent atmosphere and decor.  No review would be complete without some constructive criticism. Sometimes, the restaurant is inconsistent. It's usually a long drive for me to get there, but I've been there around 5 to 10 times. About 80% of the times, the sandwiches have been excellent. But 20% of the times, the sandwich is only good, but not great like usual.But despite that issue, I strongly recommend the drive or walk out to Showboat. It has a great jumbo BBQ pulled pork sandwich!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2011,1/1/2012,123,514,4,13,5>I have big boobs.  No, let me rephrase that...I have massive boobs (38K) and it's damned hard to find stores that sell bras in my size.   I had a place I loved in Boston, and I was happy to find a place down here. They sized me and found a bunch of bras in my size to try on.  I also brought in my old bra that I was replacing. The woman didn't realize they made that style in a larger size so she had the manager order them.   They listened to what I was looking for in a bra and helped me pick out a couple great ones.They also work with women who have had mastectomies and provide special bras and inserts.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,12/1/2012,20,188,,5,3>Yes!! For so long I've been looking for a great Chinese place in Cordova. Little did I know it's been under my nose the whole time I've lived here. The fact that it's been open (and in the same location) at least since I moved here in 1995 is telling - they make good food and the place is clean.First, the egg rolls. They're pretty good, I like their sweet and sour sauce. It's a step up from the generic red sauce most places have. I've tried the sweet and sour chicken which is great, but the real winner I've had is the beef with broccoli. Nice tender beef with broccoli and carrots in a brown sauce. It's awesome.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/30/2012,27,82,,4,2>Sort of a little every-day farmer's market. Tons of produce, and everything looks - and tastes! - great. Prices are great, too - comparable and sometimes less than Kroger, and you're getting a superior product. They have some meats and cheeses as well, and milk in glass bottles.I always just feel good whenever I go in here, and I don't think I'm the only one. Everyone in here - employees, other customers, etc. - is always friendly. It's a happy place in an oft-unhappy town. It's worth an extra stop when you're making your grocery rounds.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,11/29/2012,47,110,2,5,3>I'm on a string of five-star reviews and had pretty much made up my mind that I'm going to get really critical...just for balance, right?Can't help it.  I love this place.I love the place, I love the sandwiches, I love the pepper poppers.  Even the oil they swim in is delish.This is a terrific spot for an out-of-the-way business meeting.  The atmosphere's perfect for it.  quiet...and your competition probably isn't anywhere near here.My fave:  a half Agosti with a pepper shooter for "dessert".FWIW, the cannolis are pretty good for dessert also.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/28/2012,275,277,2,5,3>We have been waiting for months for this location to open and stopped in Saturday. Both the hummus and the vegetarian platters were divine. Their sage tea is available both sweetened with honey and unsweetened for native northerners.You can choose either low seating in an alcove or at a table. Oriental rugs are olaced on stained concrete floors. There is a 3d stage set of an Oriental building on the back wall with backlights. This would be more dramatic at night. The owner, Amir, dropped by while we were dining. I thanked him for providing his customers with a closer location as his primary restaurant in  E Memphis is quite a few miles from Lakeland. Many people were curious to try the cuisine which is a departure from the BBQ, family, fast food, Chinese, Mexican and fried chicken on Germantown Rd.Same great food, Holy Land olive oil for sale, and excellent service as on Poplar.Located in a strip center south of Wolfchase Galleria.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,11/27/2012,8,73,,3,1>Anytime I need to buy trees, shrubs, or perennials, I head to the Stockyard. They are a huge nursery with quality plants, great prices, and wonderful service. I've been to all the nurseries in town, and they are by far the best. Be sure and ask for Mike unless you know exactly what you want. I rarely do. I always tell Mike what plant I'm thinking of, where I intend to plant it (shade, full sun, etc.), and what it is being used for (screen, specimen, hedge, etc.), he will let me know if that plant will work. If not, he'll recommend a better choice. He's an awesome adviser. Also if you want to find out if certain plants are available before you make the drive, they will check their stock for you.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,11/26/2012,53,67,2,3,1>Bleu Restaurant and Lounge recently opened in the Westin right off Beale Street, and I have to admit, it's been on my radar since well before it opened for business (thanks to a very creative marketing campaign that built suspense by introducing certain elements of the restaurant to come without even divulging the name). I actually managed to go twice in the span of a week, once for lunch and once for drinks and small plates.For lunch, I met up Memphis' most prolific burger blogger. I took advantage of the BYO (Build Your Own) option that allows diners to create their very own sandwich (or burger or wrap) from the ground up. Choose your protein (chicken, angus burger, catfish, tilapia, catfish, sirlion or portabella mushroom cap) bread (kaiser roll, whole wheat bun, poor boy, tortilla wrap, grilled cheese bun (exactly what it sounds like)), cheese (American yellow, aged cheddar, Jarlsberg Swiss, sharp provolone, bleu or local goat), toppings (options include arugula, pickles, cole slaw, Bermuda onions, jalapenos, caramelized onion, sauteed mushrooms and roasted red peppers) and sides (hand-cut fries, potato salad, fruit cup, sweet potato fries and cole slaw. I chose to build a burger on a whole wheat bun with Swiss, lettuce, tomato, pickle and caramelized onions. I picked sweet potato fries for my side (which I selfishly forgot to share with my dining companions). My burger was perfectly cooked, and with the exception of my caramelized onions being more along the lines of "slightly sweated," I found the meal to be very enjoyable and a great value.The very next week, one of my very good friends and I took on Bleu for dinner. What we didn't realize at the time was that there was a Grizzlies game at the FedEx Forum that very evening. This meant that Bleu was extremely busy and without a reservation, we were relegated to waiting 45 minutes for a table or sitting at the hotel lobby bar. Since most of the regular menu was available at the bar, we were more than happy to sit in the quieter bar area.I decided to order a couple of small plates from the lounge menu. First, I chose the potstickers with sweet chili sauce. They were good - slightly elevated from the version served at your neighborhood Chinese restaurant. But, the smoked gouda mac and cheese was the real star.This delightfully rich dish is served in a cast iron skillet and topped with citrus Panko crumbs. Obviously homemade in Bleu's kitchen, this is quite possibly the best macaroni and cheese I've ever eaten outside of my mom's house. And for the low, low price of $5, the portion you receive is absolutely massive. With a small side salad, it would have made a hearty meal.We couldn't resist having two desserts. We started off with the molten chocolate cake with vanilla gelato. It was pretty tasty, but it didn't hold a candle to the mousse of the day.Small servings of chocolate and cheesecake mousse with a raspberry coulis and chocolate chips...absolutely divine. This is the type of light, creamy dessert that you want after a meal.Final Impressions: Bleu has a great vibe, and I really enjoy the atmosphere. Be sure to make a reservation if you want to dine during a Memphis Grizzlies or Memphis Tigers basketball game (the place empties out fairly quickly once the first whistle blows). If you eat in the dining room, ask for the lounge menu so you can indulge in their amazing macaroni and cheese. And don't worry about finding a downtown parking space as Bleu offers complimentary valet parking for 3 hours per visit; just make sure to get your ticket validated.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,11/25/2012,99,218,,3,4>We went there for our 3 yr anniversary. When we got there they had a rose for me and when I opened the menu it said happy 3rd year anniversary!.It was a nice surprise. We went for the 5 course meal that they pick. I told her what I liked and they brought different meals out for each of us. It was AMAZING! The surf  n turf was yummers and everything else they brought I do not know what they were but I think one of theme was a shredded pork.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,11/24/2012,76,63,,7,3>Pure Awesomeness!!! This is one of, if not the best, authentic mexican restaurant in the city of Memphis ! Everything is seasoned perfectly, the food is fresh, and the portions are huge! I would recommend the guacamole and a steak gordita...or try the weekends when they fire up the smoke pit grill, delicious ! You can also feed a small army for less than $20. Try it out and you will be glad you did.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,11/22/2012,36,49,,2,2>This review is going to be simple, much like the food at Humdingers. I mean that in a good way. At Humdingers you get simple, healthful food. I try to go there every week. The grilled asparagus is amazing, and so is the zucchini. They put this spicy seasoning on the zucchini which really takes it to another level. I normally get the fish tacos, but when they had Ahi Tuna I got that seared pretty much every time I went in there. Amazing quality of the food, and although you pay a bit more than other restaurants, you feel good after eating their food. I heartily recommend Humdingers entire menu. Go check it out, and see what you have been missing.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,11/21/2012,53,58,1,3,2>I have passed Soul Fish a countless number of times while ignoring endless whines from my foodie friend to eat there, I should have listened to him much sooner, don't tell him I said that. From the outside I always assumed Soul Fish was a nicer place, not nice in fancy dress clothes or even Sunday best but maybe nice jeans and a blazer, this is not the case, not to say you should walk in all nasty like in sweat pants, because  frankly you shouldn't ever leave your house in sweat pants. A nice casual atmosphere, sit where you like. I really enjoyed the decor and the mixed seating (bar, booth, tables).I ordered the Shrimp Po' boy with a side of collard greens, It was pretty tasty. The collard greens were good but nothing to brag about, the Po' boy was pretty delicious. Boyfriend ordered the Oyster Po' boy to which he said it was good yet salty (aren't oysters salty anyway?) with a side of Mac & Cheese. The Mac & Cheese was better then a lot of restaurants we have been to lately, it was good but again nothing to brag about. The real star of the night was the Cajun Cabbage, let us take a moment to just bask in the memory. This was one of the most delicious vegetable dishes I have ever had the pleasure of putting into my mouth. ORDER THE CAJUN CABBAGE!!!Beware for parking, it is very limited. There is street parking but that is also hard to come by Friday and Saturday nights. The police do give out parking tickets, we narrowly talked our way out of ours.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/21/2014,13,85,1,5,2>amazing tasting menu - picked the 5 course tasting menu - WOWstarted with homemade mozzarella with grilled veggies, then on to house made risotto with yolk drop garnish and lima beans, veal breast, pork tenderloin, and 3 diff desserts - toffee cake with ice cream, a dense chocolate "pudding" with toffee chips and a chocolate torte with caramel glaze - knocked my socks off and the Japanese guest from NYC - prob one of the best meals ever had in this city. These guys rock!!
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,8/20/2014,34,71,,5,4>I have been to Boiling Point three times in the last month and that is a lot seeing as i leave 40 minutes away. Every time we are in Southaven my guy insists on eating here. This place is very clean and has a cool vibe. There is always live music, the bartender is awesome, and the drinks are so good, i recommend  Swamp Water. So far i have tried half the menu, but i Love the Firecracker Shrimp Pasta. The green fries tomatoes and crawfish dip are good appetizers. Sundays are our favorite days to come here because of the .50 oysters. So if you like seafood, you will love this place.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/19/2014,15,46,5,2,2>Awesome just freaking awesome place for camping! The online reservations takes only a second to complete and it's only $25 per night for up to 4 people. The campground is relatively quiet with ample shade. Each campsite comes complete with a picnic bench, fire pit, water, and electricity.Be sure to bring bug spray and you will be fine. Also here is a small story,After sitting by the fire for a few hours, I decided to turn in for the night. About 10 minutes later, I hear this vicious growling sound outside my tent. After yelling who's there a few times, I get the nerve to look. I zip open the door and turn on my flashlight. I found myself staring into the eyes of the biggest raccoon ever. Then I noticed two of his friends. We had a short staring contest which he did win! I quickly zipped up the door and left them alone. So the moral of the story, when camping here don't forget to pick up the dog food. They were fighting over dog food!! Shortly after they had a trash party. That was a true camping experience!! Can't wait to do it again! (Note to self: put up dog food and trash before laying down)
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,8/18/2014,20,188,2,5,1>The best barbecue place downtown! I usually go to the Central BBQ location on Central, but I found myself downtown with time to kill. I usually get the pulled pork sandwich but I wanted to get something a little different and got....barbecue nachos. Wow, so wacky, I know.The nachos were great, though. The great thing about Central BBQ versus every other place in Memphis is they have two sizes. The smaller size of the two is one that one person could theoretically eat themselves, while the larger size is what I imagine is the size you usually get everywhere else. Seriously, when I order that anywhere else, I have to beg people not to order anything else and split it with me or I don't have a chance of even eating half of it.Sure enough, even getting the small size, I ate like a third of it. But it was delicious! The pork (but you can get chicken, beef, or turkey - all of these in half or full orders) was tender as usual. I've never had the pork ever be dry or tasteless, and I've been coming to Central BBQ for YEARS.The staff was friendly, of course. They always are at the Central location, so I wasn't surprised. Being in a touristy spot (right by the National Civil Rights Museum at this location) surely brings in the, well, tourists and people who might not even know what the hell barbecue is. The people in front of me in line were from Canada, for example.Another plus about this location (even over the Central one) is the building. It's newer, so it's just nicer. There's plenty more seating, rather than having a choice of about a dozen tables inside or being forced outside. This location has...I think I counted three separate inside dining areas. It was starting to rain, so I couldn't check the outside to see if there was anywhere to sit outside for future reference.But seriously, if you're downtown and you want barbecue, come here. Skip Rendezvous, it's overrated, overpriced, and not that good. Trust me, I've lived here for years (way too long), I've tried a bunch of barbecue places all over town. I used to be on Team Corky's and they're still a distant second, but if you're only going to check out one barbecue place in Memphis, make it here.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/17/2014,24,66,3,3,2>The best sushi we've found here. Start with the beef nigimake it's sizzling skirt steak wrapped in green onion with a sweet tangy sauce it's yummy then try the nigiri it's always fresh.  The rolls are huge so 1 is plenty to share our fav is mardi gras. Quick service very quiet and calm interior.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/16/2014,87,23,3,2,2>Favorite sushi spot in hernando..I read the reviews others left and I couldn't disagree more..I took the time to build rapport with the gentleman that took my order so I'm not sure if that made a difference or not..but I come here pretty often and usually stick to the same things and it's been consistently delicious..I say two thumbs up..this go round I got the chop chop roll and the fried dynamite roll and had actually intended on taking a picture but as soon as it hit the counter I was on it like Ike on Tina :) excuse the reference I meant no disrespect..also in the past I've tried the samurai roll and spicy crab something nother..anyhow give it a shot find out for yourself :) peace out cub scout!!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/15/2014,50,39,1,4,4>Don't let the appearance fool you! I have only been for the lunch buffet, we go once a  week, but the food is hot, fresh and absolutely delicious!  There are 3 kinds of tofu, for the vegetarian crowd, and the shrimp spring rolls (ordered off the menu) are so good I find myself craving them! Another perk is the price. Hubby & I can eat the lunch buffet for a $15 tab.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,8/14/2014,240,181,5,2,3>A friend said that she would treat me to a pedicure... So I figured, "Why not?" I showed up with them and was greeted with smiling faces. After a nice soak, my feet felt great. The lady took care of my rough spots and massaged my feet and ankles. It was heavenly. I could just be giving 4 stars because all pedicures are this good. But this place seemed legit. While joking about what color I wanted, I replied that I wanted stars & stripes of course. They artfully took care of this and made my feet look great.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/13/2014,56,214,2,4,4>Elegant farmer has officially replaced a top-fiver restaurant.  I won't be specific to its predecessor for I am a gentleman.  BUT!  MAD props to the University District/38111!  I was thrilled when my friend introduced me to this really cool spot within reasonable walking distance of my home.  We sat on the patio which was shady enough with a lovely breeze blowing.  They had a nice selection of wines while I defaulted to a micro-brew never tried before.  I ordered the PB&J (Pecan butter is the shizzy!) while my friend had a lovely grilled chicken salad.  Chicken was moist, greens not overdressed and colorful, and was healthy.  Our server was wicked cool, the other staff were cool, and even the patrons were cool.  The experience was just simply...cool.  Loved it, especially with all its "cool" points.  I will go back..fo' sho'!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,8/12/2014,36,117,4,9,5>I'm a pretty big fan of McEwen's.  In the past three years we've been here, the food has always been consistently good quality, the service pleasant, the atmosphere welcoming (we prefer the bar/hightops), and now that we've found the relatively unknown vegan plate... the good times roll that much more often.  There is a strange "Well, McEwen's used to be..." among longer-time Memphians... and frankly I don't know what they're talking about.  Recommendations at McEwen's: The entrees are all well and good, but I normally go with two small plates and an appetizer... because I like eating three meals.  Buttermilk fried  oysters app, shortrib sandwich small plate, and the tenderloin gyro (or switch that up to the lobster saffron risotto, because that's whats up).  If you're thinking vegan, just ask for the vegan plate... if you can handle non-vegan, but want the veggies, ask for the veggie plate.  It's great and it's an entire meal, and it feels like a meal... not a platter of crudite.  Beyond all these choices, the apps, salads, and rest of the menu won't disappoint.  I gave it 5 stars because it's a sure fire good evening.  The prices can start to climb if you're drinking wine with all that food, and valet is $7, so that normally turns into $10 pretty quickly... meaning you're not going out on a budget here if you're not keeping an eye on things.  If you've never been, I highly recommend... and if you're a Memphian with one of those strange "Well, it used to be... " mindsets... just relax, and come on back.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,6/6/2013,37,7,,2,1>This is my favorite nail spot. The people here always remember me and make a point of remembering my children's names. I love getting the shellac and was thrilled when they started carrying OPI's shellac line. My only negative about the place is that they are sometimes so busy that I have to wait a long time for my turn. However, the complementary glass of wine makes it all okay.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/5/2013,76,63,,3,2>Bossman....enough said! Commissary is always a no fail BBQ joint in Germantown, TN. You can always count on fast friendly service but be warned the placed gets packed for lunch and dinner everyday.Nothing is bad on the menu but I have two staples...well 6 really  when I dine at this establishment.1. Bossman Salad....Fresh lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, cheeses, and your choice of BBQ pork or chicken. I like the pork (chicken good too)! I pour on the sauce and then double it up with homemade thousand island dressing2. BBQ Nachos....best in Memphis no others compare on nachos3. Deviled Eggs...can eat a dozen in one sitting4 Potato Salad....not sure what they do but some of the best I have ever had...I am from the Delta and know my potato salads5. Sweet Tea....nectar of the gods6. Any of the homemade pies...coconut is awesome
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,6/4/2013,0,4,,4,1>Went there with a co-worker on Valentine's Day, right after work.  Several people told us they loved the place and the food was excellent.  I had the 6 oz. Filet and it comes with a salad (which was excellent with several items in it, not just a few ingredients), and a baked potato.  For an extra dollar you can have it loaded, which I did.  The Filet was perfect (ordered it medium rare).  Everything was cooked well!  The atmosphere was very casual and it is a nice comfy place.  The price was moderate, the waitress and order-taker were very friendly.  The owner came by our table and gave each of us a rose for Valentine's Day (all the females received one).  I thought that was an added touch!  I have every intention of going right back!  Next time I will try their ribs.  Also, we didn't have to wait AT ALL, unlike most places on such a popular day.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2010,6/3/2013,1,9,,2,2>My wife and I were looking for a local steak house to try and ended up at Side Porch. The night we went, they seemed to have several unexpected large groups. Even with this, the staff was nice and curtious, and kept a smile on thier face. The staff handled it well, and were able to have us seated within about 10 min after we came in, even with the unexpected large groups on a Saturday evening.The atmosphere is down home style, one in which you would see more of a fried home cooking menu. It made you feel sort of like sitting at your grandmothers house for a meal. Relaxed and very casual, this seems the type of steak house you would be out of place in with a coat and tie. The owner, or whom I assumed to be the owner, or at least the manager, was very active, helping clean tables, and going out of his way to make sure people were seated as quickly as possible. He even took the time during all this on a busy Saturday Evening to personally sing Happy Birthday to one of the lady's there having a birthday dinner, and did a fine job at that.They get things started by bringing out homemade large croutons which were very good, and went great with the salad.Looking over the menu, prices were very reasonable for a steak house at $18 for the 14 oz ribeye, including side, bread and salad.The steak was very good, and come with a house marinade on it. Usually I am not a big "stuff on my steak" person and like to taste the meet, but this was really good and not to overpowering.  It was noted on the menu that you could request it to be on the side, but I'll probably have mine as it comes next time.  That sentence sums it up, I'll be back a next time.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/2/2013,46,54,4,6,6>I've left Celtic off my review list out of professional courtesy.  Because, you see......I live here. Not literally, but it is my spot in Memphis.I've read some recent reviews about Celtic, and must say....some people don't understand the difference between a Bar and a Restaurant.  Celtic is a Bar. They serve food, but it's a Pub first, last, and always.It's not a dive bar. It's a perfectly respectable Irish Pub. If you think Celtic is a dive bar, I think you need to get out and see the real dive-bars of Memphis. They're awesome, too!Here is what Celtic is good for.......drinking. Did I mention its a Bar? They have the best Patio in town. The patio is large, with good tables and seating. They bring me beer, I pay for beer, they bring me another beer. Their Beer and whiskey selection is good and their prices are particularly fair.The food is decent. Not great, but not bad either. I like the Fish & Chips. Their Pimento Cheese is good, with a little Kick to it.  The menu is large, you can certainly find something to eat. Celtic has live music on a regular basis. Sitting on this patio on a summer night listening to some live music is one of the better time-wasters that Memphis has to offer.It's a bar, so it gets smoky on occasion. Every bar in Memphis gets that way since the smoking legislation a few years back. Since I can't control the folks who aspire to drag oxygen tanks behind them in Vegas in their golden years, I just sit outside if it gets too bad.Celtic has a good staff. I'm biased because I know most of them. They don't judge me because I get obnoxious on occasion. This is a quality that I prefer in a person. I've never had any trouble with my service here. If someone has trouble with service here, it's probably because they're from the suburbs. It's a midtown place, and works best when you keep it low-maintenance.If you want trendy and chic---- go somewhere else. This isn't your place. If you understand why you go to a Pub, you'll love the patio at Celtic. Stop by and say Hi. I'll probably be there.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,6/1/2013,114,317,7,12,7>Just an update: I'm still loving the Cordova International Farmer's Market! With Kroger being my only option where I live (Well, there's SuperTarget, but their produce section isn't that great), it's nice to know I can come here and find anything I need....plus lots of things I didn't know I needed until I saw them!Someone complained of the smell of fish in a previous review, but the only time I smelled fish was (Surprise!) when I was in the seafood department. Yesterday I saw beautiful grouper and red snapper. I've been seriously missing Destin, FL lately, so I think this weekend I will pay homage and make grouper sandwiches for my hunny and me. There were also huge dungeness crabs teetering around in the tanks - very tempting!The meat areas are equally tempting. My friend swears by the pre-seasoned fajita meat, so I got some of that. Want to try your hand at goat meat? Chicken feet? Frog legs? They've got that, too.The rest of the store is organized by ethnicity, and this Farmer's Market does not discriminate! European, Middle Eastern, Asian, Indian, Hispanic - They are all represented. I promise you; whatever culinary endeavor you want to try, no matter how obtuse....you can find what you need here at the Cordova Farmer's Market.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,5/30/2013,16,46,7,9,5>They say the first step is admission.  I am a recovering redneck.  And few things expose this reality like Indian restaurants do.  Nothing baffles my meat-and-three mind like the  thought of a one-dimensional meal of saag with rice (what?!).  That said, I'll estimate conservatively that I've eaten at Mayuri 60-70 times in the last few years, and I've never ordered off the menu - just the buffet.  So, there's your glaring review caveat.  Onward.I guess that stat leaves little doubt that I crave some Mayuri.  And I'm not the only one:  I can pretty much predict the regulars I'll see on, say, Sundays, 12:30.  You'll find "the professors" (my guess) at the round table in the back, eating and talking relativity theory, political history, etc.  Certainly contributing to customer loyalty, the staff at Mayuri are good folks.  For my first 50-ish visits, I thought that one guy in particular was onto my identity and giving me the silent treatment.  I imagined him telling the others, "Hey, watch that contemptible redneck mix his spinach daal curry with his goat.  And put mint chutney on everything!!  Aargh!, where do these people come from..."  But I started talking to them, and they are nice people, if silent.The food:  I cut my teeth, Indian food-wise, at India Palace when I lived off Belvedere circa 2006-8, and that's my comparison.  Mayuri has a substantially different palate of dishes, and it took me awhile to appreciate some of them.  I'm glad I kept coming back, because it's become my favorite Indian joint.  You'll see staples in common (Tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala) but things diverge elsewhere here:  less prevalence of saag dishes; vegetable dishes I rarely/never see elsewhere -  eggplant curry, green bean or okra fry (get it!), spinach daal curry; the presence of more goat dishes.  It seems like Indian Palace used English peas in every other dish some days.  I personally appreciate Mayuri's restraint with those loathsome things.  If they show up, these dishes make my day:  madras chicken; channa masala (chick peas); channa saag; okra fry; and a dish called simply "domestic chicken."  It's not on the menu, but the chicken's fired up with peppers (jalapeno?), and onions, if I remember right).I've found Mayuri to be a wonderful palate expansion!
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2013,5/29/2013,58,103,10,7,3>I've been chomping at the bit to try this place.  Each day, I'd walk by thinking....'are they open yet?'  At last, they're open for business.  Right now, they have a limited menu.  Everything on the menu card is not available for order.  With that in mind, I ordered the lunch special.  It was baked fish, beans and rice, and tostones.The tostones were hot and fresh.  DE-licious!  The beans and rice were flavorful.  The fish was tasty, but it wasn't piping hot the way I like my food.I also tried the mango smoothie.  I don't think it is a true smoothie.  It just tasted like ice and fruit blended together.  In my mind, a smoothie has yogurt or milk.  The smoothie would be refreshing on a cold day, but the flavor is one-dimensional.The lady next to me had the chicken.  It looked amazing.  the guy on the other side had the Cuban sandwich.  I wanted to smack him and take his sandwich.  It looked that good.I will update this review when I have a chance to try more menu items.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,5/28/2013,56,104,1,3,2>Great lunch buffet with 3 different tofu types. Although the lemongrass one is the kind everyone talks about, I thought the one with green peppers was better.  The lemongrass one has great flavor but it's a little dry.  Apparently the egg rolls are good because everyone was hovering around the buffet waiting for more to come out.  The buffet is also pretty fresh- they refilled the hot dishes about every 15 mins.   We also got the tofu vermicelli which I will definitely get again.  The portion was HUGE and so cheap.  I think the vermicelli was my favorite.  Will most certainly be back.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,5/27/2013,180,199,,6,3>Call me picky, but I have a hard time finding good pizza in Memphis.  In my opinion, every local pizza joint I've tried has missed the mark in one way or another.  After trying many recommended spots and being disappointed, I finally gave up.  But, I hadn't given Ferraro's Pizzeria and Pub a try until recently and I must say I was impressed. Last Sunday my boyfriend suggested we stop check out Ferraro's for dinner out since we were already downtown and it was on the way home.  It's located in the sleepier part of downtown which means easy access to plenty of free parking.  We were able to park right near the front door.  We sat at the bar so we could watch the Saints game on the wall-mounted flat screen TV.  They have a few selections of beer on draught and even more options in bottles.  What goes better with pizza than beer?  Um... not much!Whenever I visit a restaurant for the first time, I like to taste more than one menu item if I can.  I convinced my boyfriend to split an 8" pizza and a sandwich with me.  For the pizza we went with the Porky Pig, a specialty pizza topped with sausage, ham, bacon, capicola and salami.  As for our sandwich selection, the Chicken Parmesan was the winner.  Our food took some time to prepare but the wait was well worth it.  The pizza and the sandwich were both really good.  Absolutely no complaints from me.  And I certainly didn't here any complaints from my man... he was too busy stuffing is face.I'm sorry it took me so long to visit Ferraro's, but I'm glad that I finally found a good pizza place in Memphis.  I will be back!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,12/21/2013,53,67,,6,1>Erling Jensen was one of Memphis' first fine-dining establishments. Tucked out of sight down a small road in East Memphis, this cozy restaurant offers a unique twist on classic French cuisine. My husband and I decided to check it out for our anniversary as it's been on my "to dine" list for as long as I've lived in Memphis.I decided to make my meal from three separate appetizers (two salads and one hot app), while Tom took advantage of their amazing Sunday night dinner special (a $38, three-course, prix-fixe menu with 3-4 choices per course)My first salad (and my favorite dish all night) was comprised of bibb lettuce, endive, goat cheese, local honey, black cherries and a pine nut vinaigrette. At first, I balked at the idea of spending $18 on a salad that didn't have any protein, but I'm so glad I ordered it. The combination of flavors was one I hadn't tasted before, and the ingredients were super fresh. It is definitely makes my top-three all time salad list.My second salad consisted of pork belly confit, arugula, apples and a soy gastrique. This was another successful dish. I honestly believe that making a good salad is one of the most difficult culinary tasks. It seems simple, but it's hard to take something simple and make it memorable.For my "entree'" I had the quail with ratatouille. I might be one of the few people on earth that's not a fan of truffle, but I often find it very overpowering. In this case, the chef used a very deft hand, and it accentuated the earthy flavors of the ratatouille instead of masking them.For dessert, I had the chocolate souffle', and it was almost perfect - rich and decadent. It was a fabulous ending to a delicious meal.I would highly recommend this oldie, but goodie, for any special occasion. Pro tip: go on a Sunday night for the $38 prix fixe. The menu changes weekly.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,12/20/2013,46,87,4,5,2>Based on the other yelp reviews from the Summer location, you all should have known I was going to give this place five stars!!However I am excited to be the first one to make a review on this location :)First let me start off by saying there was a slight language barrier, but since I am friends with the language line at the hospital I didn't have a problem with that. I attempted to ask the very nice lady behind the counter how much it would be for 10 popsicles. I was impressed when she whipped out her iPhone and called one of the girls from another location who was more fluent in English and allowed me to speak to her."Buy 8 and get one free" that was the deal!!There were way too many flavors for me to choose from and choosing 8 just did not seem like a great idea to me because I would've eaten every single one of them in one sitting!!So I decided to leave the popsicle counter and go over to the ice cream counter, where she allowed me to sample some of the best ice cream I have ever put in my mouth ((DROOL)). She gave me a medium-size spoon in which to sample, not those dinky little pink ones that you get from other area shops. I chose to sample Mexican cake and the one beside it, which turned out to be almond coconut Sea Salt caramel--or something to that extent--which felt like heaven in my mouth!!  Oooooo the creaminess!!!I decided to order a small one of those to go, then I went back over to the popsicle counter, where I started from one end and went to the other making selections. Kiwi strawberry, coconut, Cherry, & strawberries and cream.  I thought I better stop at  4, but the lady was so kind she threw in a butter pecan for FREE just for me to try!! Mmmmmmm YUMMINESS! I'll have to be completely honest, the coconut was my fave, but they were ALL delish!La Michoacana, you just adopted your new best customer!!!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,12/19/2013,27,164,1,7,3>This place is tucked away in Overton Square and features sweet treats and flavored popcorn.  In addition to that they serve coffees and sell the Ugly Mug coffee products (coffee, hot chocolate, etc).  They actually have some of the best prices on Ugly Mug products in the area!Sweet Noshings is well-kept and clean.  There are sweet treats to meet everyones appetite.  Perhaps my two favorite parts of the visit were 1) how wonderfully friendly the staff was 2) sampling the popcorn.  Usually when I see flavored popcorn places it's the typical flavors (boring!).  Sweet Noshings features flavors such as bacon, bbq, and dill!  Anything bacon flavored that doesn't make you feel gross afterward gets 5 stars in my book!Great place to stop for a treat - even better place to pick up an edible gift this holiday season!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/18/2013,7,16,,1,>Awesome as always. Food, service and the great new digs. So happy to have the new spot for a neighbor here in east Memphis. Catfish to die for. My 3 yr old ate 3 pieces. We'll be back often. You would never know they've only been open for a few weeks.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,12/17/2013,56,214,2,3,2>Good bands and good lights.  Oh, they also book the BEST acts that come through the city.  P.S. - Beers are EXPENSIVE...drink cocktails.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/16/2013,35,59,7,2,2>Great space and great beer.  Everyone's professional and friendly.  Probably the best and freshest beer you'll find in the city.I may start drinking the coffee milk stout instead of coffee in the morning.  I may have a drinking problem.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/15/2013,58,103,3,6,4>I came in to pick up a specific file.  I was greeted upon arrival and the young lady directed me to the exact location of the item I wanted.  She rang me up quickly and I was back in the car in less than 5 minutes.The store was neat, the employee was efficient and polite.If you plan to spend more than $5, I suggested you get the Green card.  It costs $5, but comes with a coupon for $5 off.  With the green card, you get preferred pricing on all items (however, I do not know if this includes salon equipmet).  Also, they send nice offers, not just junk.  I've gotten free Orly nail polish among other worthy freebies and discounts.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,12/14/2013,6,57,1,4,3>Wow...awesome.  After reading rave reviews and having it recommended by friends, finally made it, and am glad I did!Hot wings - excellent, although I've been on a hot wing kick lately so I'm not too hard to please on this.  :)Hangover - Massive.  Seriously.  HUGE.  Tasty, but think I'd go for the more manageable Dumpster next time.  Tip - ask them to cut it in fourths...we were struggling with a butter knife, and this sandwich falls apart very easily,Pizza - sooo good!  New fave pizza in Memphis.  We got "the works," which is 2 meats and 3 veggies.  We did sausage, meatballs, mushrooms, jalapenos, and banana peppers.  All were really good, and the sausage was meaty chunks, not the pre-formed kind you see in a lot of places.  The owner - really nice guy.  I asked for woodchuck Granny Smith, but they only had amber.  He asked if I wanted the apple ale, and when I wasn't sure gave me a sample to taste.  Open late, so good option if your one-hour nap turns into a 3-hour nap and dinner gets postponed... ;)
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,12/13/2013,111,151,1,2,3>This museum is delightful - filled with beautiful antiques and a glimpse into life during the Victorian area. The staff and docents are wonderful. I love the WF House special events, great parities planned by party master AJ that are no only fun but get you to expereince the home and property in a unique way each time.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,12/12/2013,13,43,1,4,4>I had a really positive first experience at Asian Palace for dim sum.  I came on a cold and rainy Sunday morning at 11:30am.  It wasn't very crowded when we arrived and we received excellent service right away. Sure I've had better dim sum in larger cities with stronger Chinese communities, but the quality of this dim sum was good enough to satisfy my craving.  It has been many years since I've eaten dim sum in a large room full of tables with pushy ladies pedaling food off of silver carts, so I'm sure I tasted a little bit of nostalgia in there too.     My recommendations: Go early for better service - they open at 10:30am on the weekends.  Maybe learn a few dim sum terms for easier ordering and/or be adventurous and just point to something on the cart that looks good.  The servers here do speak decent English so they can answer a few of your questions, but don't expect them to be patient or hold your hand if you can't make a quick decision.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/3/2014,47,58,2,5,3>I guess after eating here as much as I have, I should write a review telling everyone why I eat here all the time.  Some people might think to themselves, "All you can eat sushi? Sounds fishy!" (see what I did there?) AND IT IS! All you can eat sushi is fishy, and deliciously so. Because it is all you can eat and plenty of people do just that, ingredients are getting used up and served quickly, which maintains the freshness of everything you eat. Now, because of the nature of serving so much food, the quality isn't the highest, but I feel the quality of fish here competes with any place in Memphis. My biggest recommendation, come for dinner, I've tried the lunch a few times and it seems they use rice from the night before for making rolls, which is fine but I'm picky and will go ahead and pay the dinner price just to make sure the rice is as good as it can be. There are also warm foods to eat, chicken and beef teriyaki, noodles and fried rice, tempura, plenty of other choices, but the star is always the sushi. They also have a limited selection of sashimi. Then, to draw the meal to an end, they have ice cream. The only flavors worth mentioning are the green tea and red bean. Everyone loves green tea ice cream. Haven't tried it yet? Give it a go! Tried it already and love it? Be adventurous and try the red bean! Love both? Well, you and me both, kid.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/2/2014,8,73,2,7,3>I missed the Yelp Elite event here, but after seeing the photos and reviews, I wanted to come here. The oysters are delicious and I thought the space was very nice. It was a far drive for me, as they are located in Southaven, but worth it. There are not many options for seafood in Memphis but their food is very fresh. I will be returning.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/1/2014,103,128,5,6,2>Every birthday I request a car detail as my gift from the husband.  This year, he was recommended to Enfield's by some friends from work.  Covington Pike car dealers use this shop to clean up icky used cars before selling them.Let me tell you, my car is 9 years old, and I have a four-year-old girl and a seven-year-old boy, and two dogs who throw up when I drive them to the vet.  They got ALL THE GLITTER out of my car.  That's right, glitter- the herpes of crafting- has disappeared from my life.  Let's hope it doesn't return in true form.  The milk and OJ drip lines running down my car doors?  Erased.  Dog barf crust?  Gone.Nothing but gorgeous grey interior, smelling like new car, and shining like the top of the Chrysler building.  They were very polite, and our full detail ran $250 for my mid-sized SUV, but we heard them negotiate with a regular customer over a full-size conversion van detail, so it may be worth a shot.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,4/30/2014,192,191,5,8,6>As of 1/22/13, this whole foods is now the new expanded one!!! And I have to say, I'm so incredibly impressed!!! They're sooooo big now, and the aisles are actually breathable and you have rooms actually stand and move around and even reach in your hemp purse and pull out some organic "medicinal" herbs to compare and contrast to the store ones. Haha jk. But seriously, this place is so nice now! Right at the entrance where the fruits are you'll find a freshly squeezed orange juice station! That's actually super super cool. It is, however, priced at $3.99 a pint as the cheapest option that you can purchase. There's also a freshly ground peanut butter, honey peanut butter, and almond butter machine too priced at $5.99, $5.49, and $6.99 a jar respectively. They'll do it for you right there! They've also upped their organic game! So many organic products now, I love it. True to memphis fashion, there's a little BBQ eats section where you can order and eat BBQ and drink local beers on tap! As I'm not a beer person, I don't have an accurate review of that section for y'all but I'm sure it's amazing! Overall this place is great!! Yes, it is a little bit overpriced as compared to your average grocery store, especially compared to aldi or Kroger, but its worth the price! Parking can be tight but if you go with someone, have them drop you off first so you can get a head start on shopping hahaha. :)
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,4/29/2014,143,65,2,19,7>oh-my-steamy-dumplingsthis-place-currently-has-5-types-of-handmade-fresh-large-steamed-dumplings-they-made-the-dumplings-larger-with-a-thicker-skin-than-typical-as-expected-of-a-northern-china-style-dumplings-the-owner-confirms-he-is-from-the-north-the-owner-also-said-the-dumplings-are-larger-because-steamed-dumplings-will-hold-better-that-waythe-five-types-starts-with-the-traditional-pork-dumplings-which-is-made-with-pork-chinese-cabbage-ginger-onions-and-garlic-just-like-how-my-family-makes-it-then-there-are-the-not-very-traditional-beef-dumplings-with-peppers-and-onions-shrimp-dumplings-with-squash-for-the-crustacean-fans-vegan-dumplings-with-tofu-chickpeas-mushrooms-cabbage-and-a-little-bit-of-magic-and-chicken-dumplings-with-onions-and-mushrooms-that-is-quite-delicious-as-welli-like-the-pork-dumplings-it-tastes-fresh-and-everything-but-the-chicken-dumplings-might-actually-be-better-however-those-vegan-dumplings-that-i-cant-get-no-where-else-are-mind-blowing-ive-had-vegan-dumplings-before-but-theyre-typical-stuffed-with-mung-bean-noodles-not-here-aside-from-the-ingredients-they-listed-i-dont-know-but-it-tastes-awesome-from-the-skin-of-the-dumplings-to-the-textures-of-the-ingredients-inside-boom-well-i-think-ive-found-my-vegan-spot-in-townive-also-had-their-pork-meatball-soup-which-is-very-traditional-chinese-soul-food-if-you-will-and-they-also-serve-house-cold-lemon-ginger-honey-tea-which-honestly-should-come-with-the-meal-if-i-can-make-a-critique-of-it-everyone-is-a-criticthe-most-traditional-way-to-cook-dumplings-is-by-boiling-them-and-it-might-be-hard-to-do-consistently-at-a-restaurant-boiled-dumplings-do-generally-taste-better-due-to-the-skin-of-the-dumplings-soaking-the-flavors-of-the-ingredients-inside-that-said-i-dont-know-of-a-single-chinese-restaurant-in-town-who-freshly-makes-its-dumplings-and-boils-them-almost-all-places-steam-or-pan-fry-potstickers-if-someone-know-of-one-let-me-knowthe-best-dumplings-in-town-used-to-be-at-mosa-steamed-dumplings-and-new-asias-san-tung-steamed-dumplings-mosas-dumplings-are-small-chicken-dumplings-at-5-for-5-news-asias-san-tung-dumplings-is-12-for-925-but-new-asia-stopped-making-theirs-from-scratch-and-buy-them-frozen-very-sad-these-dumplings-at-4dumplings-is-6-for-8-and-you-dont-have-to-tip-4dumplings-obviously-has-the-best-dumplings-not-even-close-sorry-mosa-and-the-vegan-dumplings-has-no-competition-so-obviously-4dumplings-takes-the-crown-at-the-best-dumplings-categoryi-suppose-that-they-had-a-busy-crowded-andor-badly-executed-opening-day-having-so-many-bad-reviews-so-early-if-youre-one-of-those-guys-give-the-dumplings-another-chance-they-are-not-experienced-restaurateurs-and-it-does-showand-they-have-xiao-long-bao-and-potstickers-for-sunday-brunch-i-repeat-they-have-xiao-long-bao-drools
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,4/28/2014,28,48,2,4,3>If you live in Memphis then you have an opinion on BBQ. The overwhelming opinion is that Charlie Vergos' Rendezvous has got some of the best BBQ in the city of Memphis. Whether its the ribs, sausage & cheese plate, pulled pork, (or even shrimp!) it does not disappoint.  I am particularly fond of the baked beans which have a great smokey flavor and compliment the rest of the meal nicely.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,4/27/2014,98,313,1,10,4>Memphis was seriously lacking in a ramen restaurant--and finally we have one that puts ramen and yakitori front and center on the menu. Skewer is centrally located in East Memphis on Sanderlin. It's in the same shopping center as Fox and Hound and Muddy's. I went here with a girlfriend, not know what quality of ramen to expect. We split some yakitori: 1) chicken balls with chili soy sauce (this was my favorite--tender and juicy) 2) beef tenderloin with ginger mayo 3) bacon wrapped scallops (although the scallop was tasty, the bacon wasn't crispy enough so I took it off.For the main course, I had the pork tonkatsu ramen. I had a tough time finishing it since it was such a hearty meal, but it was delicious. The broth is everything in ramen, and this dish didn't disappoint. They also added some chili paste to mix in, for some extra kick. It also came with slices of pork and a boiled egg. The menu is very well designed--with lots of color pictures to help those of us who have a hard time making decisions. There are also plenty of appetizers to choose from and they also have sushi which i didn't have a chance to try. They don't have alcohol on the menu yet, but I'm sure it will come soon.I'm hoping that Skewer is here to stay! I'll be coming back for sure.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,4/26/2014,33,89,7,5,2>The nicest target in Memphis, although the pharmacy is sooooo slow, and my least favorite Target employee in the whole world works here. I'm serious. I have a nemesis. A Target nemesis. Other than that, this is a great Target. Large, clean, and generally well stocked. I manage to spend all of my money every time I go!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/25/2014,54,249,3,12,6>Pizza does not get better than the Margarita pizza at Rock n' Dough. It's sublime enough to make you regret that you have but one stomach to give for your meal. This is a case where a few standouts work to make the rest of the place a 5-star experience even though it's not quite all there all the time. If you catch them with a fresh Margarita or a BBQ slice, you're golden. If you come at an off time and the selection is small, better wait until there's something fresh--it's well worth the wait.  I also like the side salad options, especially the interesting dressings they put on them, though be warned a quality slice, salad, and drink runs about $10. Fortunately, you usually get your money's worth because the slices can be gigantic and the ingredients are quality. Staff has also always been great and very helpful in making a selection. It's interesting having this place right across the way from Pyro's. Rock N' Dough is great if you're looking just for the pizza and don't care much for the ambiance; though the massive TV is great for sports, the whole place is a bit cramped. Come for the pizza, stay for the pizza.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/24/2014,78,55,5,6,4>Hooray for butter flour and sugar! I love this little place. I think that it is a chain, however it is a delicious chain worth every calorie. The interior is very well appointed and quite cute and inviting.  I'm going to go for broke and give it five stars. I am quite stingy with my five-star designations, however I feel that it is worthy. After tasting the sample, I was sold and ordered 2 mini bundt cakes to go.  I had my suspicions that the cakes may be baked well in advance, frozen and then thawed on the day of sale.  However, the young lady who helped us assured me that all the cakes are baked daily.  This place is dangerous for the waist line.  Enjoy.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,11/8/2012,98,313,4,8,2>Ricki's Cookie Corner is seriously a hidden gem in East Memphis in the Eastgate Shopping Center on Park and Mt Moriah. They keep really strange hours..so call before you go or order online. This is not really an eat-in establishment. I've been meaning to try their Challah bread but I have tasted an assortment of their cookies. Their Original Chipsticks are phenomenal--they are soft and chewy just the way I like my cookies AND on top of that it's completely kosher. I've been told that Tuesdays and Thursdays are prime time to snag some Challah bread since those are their normal baking days.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,11/7/2012,98,357,,7,2>Well I am glad I stopped in here! As anyone from Memphis knows the area is a little dodgy but I find some of the best food in the city in areas like this. The place is much larger than it looks from the outside. One side has a stage and more of a club feel to it. I sign mentioned 2 for 1 beers during karaoke.  I grabbed a seat and was immediately greeted by a super nice gentleman that was very helpful with talking through the menu. I tried a few different items as usual. The chips are similar to Las Delicias  and were good. The salsa is a smoother blend with a smokey grilled tomato and pepper flavor. Very good and had a little kick to it. They also brought a bottle with a very good smoked chipotle red sauce. First course was an order of Pepino con chile y limon (cucumber with chile and lime). Next was Ceviche de pescado con camaron. (Fish and shrimp ceviche) and the final course was beef ribs with vegetables and sides of rice and beans and corn tortillas.  The ribs are sliced thin through the bones, grilled and were great. The rice and beans were ok but nothing to write home about. The ceviche was very good and is a standard I use to judge a new place. I would however try just the shrimp by itself. Just my preference. I was told the ceviche is made daily in small batches. It tasted fresh and was very well seasoned. The cucumber was great. Cold, freshly cut with a great flavor. It was a fantastic side to the heavier beef and is something I will order every time I come back, and trust me, I will be back! It came to my attention that they make several different Molcajete styles and can't wait to try them. (I was alone today for lunch and just couldn't eat that much food).  They do have beer and even had Pacifico on tap. (One of my favorites!). The prices were very reasonable given the quality of food and the people working were very friendly. This is completely my kind of place! Muy bien!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,11/6/2012,53,93,6,8,5>When I was young, this theater was completely happening.  The neighborhood had a ton of action, so dinner and a movie at the Ridgeway Four was a no brainer.  However, now that I'm a zip codely challenged midtowner, I've avoided the Ridgeway Four for yeeeeaaars.  Before the shopping center was built on Poplar, there was a really, really ghetto apartment complex and an undesirable element present (not the car) - in my opinion.  I just had zero desire to make a night out in that area.  At the mere suggestion, I'd grimace like a two year old being forced to eat their vegetables.Enter Wes Anderson's new film, "Moonrise Kingdom."  The closest place it was showing was Ridgeway Four.  Huummph.  Well, I fought through my defiance and went to see the movie.  Holy comfortable seats and leg room, Batman!  As my super awesome hair stylist, Grace, said, "Ridgeway Four is how grown ups watch movies at the theater."  There are large leather seats in pairs.  The seats have wide arm rests, so you no longer have to fight to rest your elbow on the arm rest.  Additionally, there's a little (itty bitty) table between pairs of chairs.  And the leg room!!!  Oh my gosh.  I'm 5'10" and can stretch my legs out straight in front of me, while sitting in the seats at Ridgeway Four.  Do you know how long it's been since I've been able to do that in a movie theater?  Well, neither do I, but I think it was around when I was 10 years old.  It's probably been the same length of time I didn't have to watch a move with someone intermittently kicking the back of my seat.I used to be a die hard Studio on the Square fan.  Note, "used to be."  I will, now, gladly trek out of my zip code to watch movies at Ridgeway Four.  Trust me, if you do the same, you will not be disappointed.  You're welcome.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,11/5/2012,36,69,,5,3>Best burger I've eaten in the city. Seasoned patty, moist while not at all being greasy (which is especially fantastic considering I got a bacon, cheese and mushroom burger). Great GREEN lettuce as part of the burger toppings. Really fun and funky atmosphere. Loved the option of Mexi Coke! My only complaint would be the Lays potato chips. For a restaurant that prides itself on 'local', I can't think of something more generic than Baked Lays potato chips. At least go with a different brand, like Miss Vickie's and offer a variety of flavors instead of just plain.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/4/2012,46,54,5,7,5>I've been sitting on this review for a little while. I wanted to be sure that the quality of the pork that I encountered would be maintained for some time after my visit during the opening weeks of this restaurant.In my life of eating Barbecue Ribs, I have encountered 2 slabs of pork ribs which I consider stellar. The first time was 5 years ago at Mike Mills place in Murphysboro, IL. If you don't know who he is, just go look at his BBQ cookbook on Amazon. The second time was a few weeks ago at this establishment.The pork shoulder was top-notch as well, but I'm a rib person foremost. My slab of dry ribs came out with a smoke ring so perfect, that it surprised me to see it in a restaurant. The bark on the ribs would make a Great Dane proud! The texture of the ribs was exactly right---no oven, microwave or foil on these loin backs. The bite starts with resistance, moves into increasing tenderness as you bite toward the bone, and finishes with the meat pulling cleanly from the bone. Impressive!How good were they? I developed a mental picture of the taunting Knight from Monty Python, with a suit of these ribs instead of Armor. He was hurling insults at all the famous places in town that make McRibs compared to these. I'll let you degenerates make up the insults----- I'll just eat the ribs.The sides were very good, but sweet across the board. Beans were sweet, Cornbread was sweet, sauce was sweet, etc. Since I only used a few dollops of sauce, it was fine.It will be interesting to see if this place can maintain the quality. This is a sit down, waiter/waitress place that is very nice. Obviously,it used to be a big chain restaurant. It is a nice place, not a ribshack. Can't wait to go back----the best ribs in town await me.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/3/2012,10,20,,12,6>This place has been generating some buzz recently, and I'm jumping on the bandwagon.  I hadn't heard of this place until last month, and had I happened to drive by, I wouldn't have stopped.  Thankfully, some positive Yelp reviews steered me in.  The food is the star here.  They offer a wide variety of reasonably priced Asian cuisine.  In fact, the menu is so expansive that ordering can be overwhelming.  The Tom Yum soup (Thai gumbo) is enormous and fantastic.  I made the mistake of ordering it on a 100+ degree day and paid the price by sweating though the entire lunch (it's spicy), but it was totally worth it.  On my second visit, I had the Singapore noodles and was again impressed.  The only drawback is the atmosphere and decor.  I don't mind a hole-in-the-wall food joint, but the decor here is somewhat disastrous.  Kodak printouts of the food taped to the hostess stand, a water-stained drop ceiling, and 1980s floral print table cloths.  It's also disconcerting how empty the place has been during both of my visits.  Nonetheless, the food is great, the service is friendly, and the prices are fair.  It's also conveniently located for the 385-corridor-lunch-crowd, which is a rarity.  I'm a fan.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,11/2/2012,121,288,3,7,5>If regular riverboat rides are too tame, the crew at Memphis Riverboats has something new this year. The jet boat, which is decorated in a Captain America theme, is a small, 11 passenger boat that handles like a jet ski. As for the ride, Captain William Lozier describes it as somewhere between a rollercoaster and a log ride.When I met Capt. William at the dock last week, he outfitted me with a lifejacket, warned me to hold on to either the boat's side or front bar, and asked if I got motion sick as he eased the boat out of the harbor.It was a beautiful day, one of those last few hot-ish summer days, and a nice breeze was blowing. I was just getting used to the feeling of being in tiny vessel in the middle of the giant, open Mississippi when Capt. William sped the boat up, pointed to the right and then cut a turn so sharp that my side of the boat came rising out of the water.For the next 20 minutes, the ride was exactly as I had been told it would be - part rollercoaster, part log ride. Captain William would get some speed up, point to either the left or the right and make chilly river water rain down on us. Even though I had been assured that the boat wouldn't flip, I was white-knuckling the boat's side with one arm and the front bar with the other. We were going so fast (and it was so windy) that it was hard to keep my eyes open. I couldn't stop laughing.Captain William Lozier, Memphis, Tenn.Before you go on a jet boat ride, there are a few things to know. First, you're going to get wet. Depending on where you sit, you'll get really wet (seats toward the back of the boat get it the worst). Stash a change of clothes in your car and do not, under any circumstances, bring your phone with you. Secondly, if you get motion sick, don't sit in the front of the boat. Thirdly, go on a hot day - the water splashing into the boat will feel amazing.The jet boat is operated by Memphis Riverboats. Rides are $25 per person for 20 minutes in the water. The rides are appropriate for kids, as long as they're not super tiny (as in, you probably wouldn't want to bring your infant or toddler).
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,11/1/2012,180,199,6,8,3>I'm updating my review to include the wings I just tried...Dyer's Burgers is Memphis institution that is famous for (of course) burgers.  Legend has it the burgers served here are cooked in 100 year old grease.  People tend to have strong opinions as to weather or not the burgers are actually good, probably because the patties are very thin and the standard commercially produced bun used becomes a greasy mess.  Personally, I love the Dyer's burger!  I don't eat bread so I always get mine without the bun.  I like the triple triple; three patties, and three slices of cheese. I eat with a fork. Yes, it's greasy, but that's what makes it so good!A while back, during one of my many visits to Dyer's, I sat next to a uniformed cop who ordered wings for his dinner.  His basket full of whole wings looked and smelled great.  He told me that Dyer's had some of the best wings in town and that I should give them a try.  As a general rule, I feel that cops always know where to go for good food.  If I see cop cars parked at a restaurant on a regular basis, I treat it as an indication that food and service are both good.  My mother taught me this a long time ago and over the years I have been disappointed by the cops exactly once.  This weekend I got the opportunity to see if this cop knew what he was talking about.I went to Dyer's late Friday afternoon on a solo wing-eating mission.  I took a seat at the bar and looked at the menu.  At Dyer's you can order 5 wings for $7.99 or 10 wings for 14.99.  Combos with fries are also available. The wings are served hot or mild with dressing and a roll, no celery.  I ordered 5 wings, hot, with blue cheese.  Interestingly, the menu lists honey mustard as a dressing option.  Really?  Honey mustard on a hot wing?One of the things I like about Dyer's is being able to watch as your order is prepared.  The entire kitchen is directly on the other side of the bar, much like a Waffle House.  Just in case you were wondering, the wings are not cooked in the 100 year old burger grease.  They are cooked in a standard industrial grease hopper and then tossed with sauce in a giant Tupperware-type container.I was a little disappointed when I realized that I wasn't getting whole wings.  I guess they were out of whole wings because I was served 10 wing sections instead.  My disappointment quickly faded.  Whole or not, the sauce was great!  I could tell that it was a custom blend and not just some sauce out of a bottle.  I asked what was in the sauce and this is what I was told, "Franks, chipotle, honey, jalapenos, and Italian dressing."  The combination of flavors was pretty outstanding.  The heat took a while to build intensity and hours later my lips where still burning a bit.  Normally, I would balk at honey (sugar) in hot wings sauce, but in this case there was just enough honey cut the heat without making the sauce sticky or sweet.  The cop was right, I really enjoyed these wings.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,10/31/2012,197,116,9,10,6>I've never really been down with the whole sustainable agriculture/support local produce movement. I always thought that was just the vegans trying to force their "I wear Birkenstock and tye-die because Gaea told me to" agenda on those of us who are proud to be carnivores. Some of the sustainable agriculture movement is still about serving quality food, however, and the Elegant Farmer proves that. The Elegant Farmer is located on Highland, and appears to be an old house. The atmosphere is very cozy, with local art adorning most of the walls. I'm not sure if you can buy the art; I heard that sometimes the price and the artist name is listed but I was too busy salivating to verify this fact. The waitstaff was pleasant and accommodating and there might have been about 50 of them. Our table never lacked for water or other drinks, and the menus were hardly cleaned away before they were loading us down with lunch. I ordered the salmon cakes, 3 people ordered salads, and my co worker ordered Bahn Mi, Bahn You (a Vietnamese hoagie). Normally, I would have laughed at anyone ordering a salad, but these particular salads looked delicious, filling, and fresh. My co worker's sandwich looked amazing as well, and came with some homemade chips that were incredible. The salmon cakes came with macaroni and cheese and some kind of greens (Perhaps turnip, mustard or collard; the only green I typically worry about is the kind I can spend). While they were good, they were burned on the bottom, which slightly overshadowed a great meal. We were at a business lunch, so I couldn't hunker down over my plate and inhale the food like a giant, black Dyson, but I wanted to. Our lunch partners were also kind enough to spring for desert, so of course we ordered every desert on the menu. While the deserts were quite tasty, the real star has to be the whipped cream. I HATE whip cream. I never understood how people can just suck it out of an aerosol can like it was the last bottle of air in "The Lorax". This whipped cream was amazing though. I could totally see a 9 1/2 Weeks scenario erupting in my kitchen if i had this readily available at home. I would suggest you go to the Elegant Farmer. And dare your stomach to not enjoy it.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,10/30/2012,18,66,1,6,4>I FINALLY got to try Mulan. I have been wanting to go for weeks now, and stopped by with a friend on a Sunday for lunch.I got the lunch special of General Tso's chicken. It came with your choice of soup, a spring roll, fried or steamed rice and your meal. The plate was huge. I had more than enough food for lunch and got to take home some for dinner. The General Tso's was delicious. It wasn't too spicy, but had just enough spice to keep my taste buds happy. I also got the egg drop soup, which was awesome. I love egg drop soup (even though I don't really like eggs), and this was one of the better soups I have had. I wasn't impressed with the rice or the spring roll, but I am not holding it against them.My friend got sushi and told me how great it was. Had I not been so full, I would have tried hers to see for myself. My bill was less than $10 and we had exceptional service. Although their food was good, they actually got an extra star from me for their excellent customer service. I was entertained and delighted by our sweet waiter, who was attentive and helpful. The food was pretty darn tasty, and I will definitely be back!
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/22/2013,16,46,3,4,6>The Sun Studio tour should be required for Memphis citizenship, right alongside the vehicle emission check.  If you can stand in a room crammed with people from all over the world, many dragging jaws on the floor, and not be excited about your town, then you are hereby sentenced to remedial culture studies in a back room of the MLGW office on Summer.  I try to get through Sun every couple of years, just sit in the back, watch the tourists fawn, and feel like an heir in some coolness conspiracy that more powerful and visible cities are still trying to manufacture.Sun is so much more than Elvis's mic stand.  There's something here for everyone.  The blues and vernacular beginnings, the accidental discovery of guitar distortion, the racial door-crashing of Sam Phillips...  there's enough fascinating history here to fuel discussion among academics, much less thrill fans of Johnny and Elvis.  And it's not all old.  This place still gets dusted off occasionally for established legends seeking an inspirational shot in the arm (Tom Petty), as well as promising up-and-comers (The Walkmen).The tour itself is pretty short on frills, but it works, and I guess the wait lines don't allow them.  The tour consists of only ~45 minutes in two rooms, and the physical facility provides limited impact.  (I honestly would expect more memorabilia considering the pop culture importance and recent history of the place, but knowing Memphis's historical aversion to history, I shouldn't be surprised.)  So the tour primarily relies on storytelling and setting.  I've always had enthusiastic, knowledgeable, and fun leaders.   Some of the best stories are not necessarily included in the tour, so stay within earshot of your leader and probe them with some questions of your own.  Stories will come out, such as the legend of Bob Dylan walking unannounced into the recording room, kneeling to kiss the floor, and walking out without a word.  Sun Studio oozes grit, blue-collar resolve, Americana.  You will find no party rooms for entourages.  The legends who came through here were traveling light and still hungry when they moved on.  With few exceptions, their legends ballooned much later.  It's quintessential Memphis:  taking the "mundane" for granted.  It's like our own low-culture Sistine Chapel, except you get to take the art with you.  Any music lover's trip to (much less residence in) Memphis that doesn't include Sun is incomplete.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,1/21/2013,114,317,2,6,3>Very nice restaurant with a good menu, beautiful ambiance & great service. We came here to dine after having some of those yummy oysters at Mortimer's Saturday. (which were tasty enough, but on this occasion, very small)Having had oysters beforehand, we weren't just starving, so my husband and I opted to share one of my most favorite dishes: shrimp & grits.I was happily surprised to see that the kitchen had plated our shared entree on two separate plates as opposed to bringing the one entree with an extra plate. Just a nice little touch and added a little something to the experience. The shrimp & grits themselves were very, very good. Had I not have experienced Sweet Grass' version before, I could say it was excellent. Sweet Grass, however, still reigns supreme when it comes to this dish.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,1/19/2013,3,6,10,3,3>Date: May 4, 2012Location: Silky O'Sullivans, The Heart of Beale StreetCase Number: 1234Time: 12:34 pmThe Poison: "The Bucket"Offender: NeidrachVictim: HudsonWitnesses: The full population of EarthDetails:It was a very hot afternoon in early May 2012. My best friend from college had come into town for the Beale Street Music Festival. Neidrach and I had partied harder than any other duo at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville, and that's saying something because UT is the biggest, baddest party school in the country. From 2001 through 2005, we ripped that city to shreds, and the only entity strong enough to deter our ravenous quest was graduation. So, seven years later, we resurrected from the ashes of adulthood, girlfriends and jobs to take on Memphis in May. On the previous night, we partied at the Peabody Hotel's Thursday Rooftop Party, and we met a few girls. Like me, they had grown up in Memphis, and they knew the lay of the land. As we were talking, one of them suggested that Neidrach try "The Bucket" from Silky O'Sullivans. Neidrach: "What's "The Bucket"?"Me: "You're not ready for that yet. You can't attempt "The Bucket" if you're buzzed already. You will not remember anything about Music Fest, this weekend, or where you live. "The Bucket" is the reason there are so many homeless people around Memphis; they try "The Bucket", and they forgot how to work."Hot Girl: "Oh, that's not true. Stop trying to scare him. It taste just like cotton candy."Me: "It taste like cotton candy, but it stings like Ali. Let's do this: Let's do lunch tomorrow. I've got a meeting around 9, but after that we're free for the weekend."My plan worked. I talked Neidrach off the ledge for that night, but the next day, I was unsuccessful. At 12 PM, we made our way to Silky O's, where we met the girls for lunch. I get up, and run to wash my hands, and when I returned to our table, Neidrach had ordered 3 Buckets: one for me, one for him, and one for the girls to share. Me: "Ummmmm.... This is too much. We should've split one like the girls." Neidrach: "How dare you? You are not the same guy that lifted that keg over his head  to impress some girl at that Tri Delta party in '03. What happen to Maximus Primus that partied for 10 days straight leading up to homecoming 2004? Are you weak? You know what? Give that thing to me. I'll drink mine and yours both, do shots, and I'll still be able to go 'til 7 in the morning."And so, the challenge had been laid before me. He had succeeded in striking a nerve. It was the greatest half time speech I'd ever heard. As a competitor, I could not sit back and let him challenge me in my city. Not in Memphis. Me: "Whoever finishes the first bucket last has to take a shot of tequila."Neidrach: "Two words: Let's go!"And so we drank. I beat him finishing the first Bucket. He beat me finishing the second. The girls decided to leave as the 16 year old boys came out of us. The battle raged into a third Bucket each, and he had taken a substantial lead. Our competition had gained some admirers, but unfortunately, they were only there to see me embarrass myself. In an ignorant attempt to steal victory from the grasps of defeat, I decided to pick my bucket up and funnel the "drinkable octane" into my mouth. Unfortunately for me, I completely missed my mouth. It went everywhere but my mouth: nose, eyes, ears, shirt, floor. We were promptly kicked out, and I don't remember much else.Lesson: Order "The Bucket" from Silky O'Sullivans at your own risk.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/18/2013,56,214,8,2,2>I can't believe that it has taken me this long to review Gibson's.  Here is the God's honest.I am from Mississippi, and we LOVE our doughnuts.  From big-time Krispy Kreme to small-time Shipley's, Mississippi's waistline will reflect that devotion to the doughnut.HOWEVER!  It is no surprise that Memphis is the fattest city in the U.S. since it has the BEST DOUGHNUTS EVER!  I cannot stress to you how AWESOME those sweet masses of fried dough are to the tongue and tummy.There are so many varieties (if you get there early enough) that it makes your eyes water with delight.  On Saturday morning, you get to see all the sleepover skittens (small girls) still in pajamas with...the rockin' cool...dad taking all the girls out for donuts.Men, I don't know if this will work for your better halves; but a mixed dozen might smooth over some "dog house" moments more than a dozen roses.  It just might...
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,1/17/2013,105,145,,2,2>I came here to see Xannadu with my wife, and was amazed at this space. The Playhouse on the Square is a fabulous addition to the arts scene in Memphis. All of the seats on the bottom level are excellent, and I thought the lighting and acoustics were great. I was so impressed by it, I signed up for a season pass for the next year and am looking forward to several plays and musicals this coming year.I highly recommend the City support the Playhouse on the Square.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,1/16/2013,28,38,,2,1>I got the manicotti which was excellent and my friend got some kind of tortellini with chicken and alfredo sauce that I will be trying next time. The food and service were outstanding. We had Abby and Allie as our servers so ask for one of them when you stop in! :)
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,1/15/2013,58,103,,2,1>I love Osaka's ambience.  The service is quick and attentive.  My rolls always taste great.  I sampled my friend's fried rice and it was tasty as well.  I've been on different occasions and everything has been just right each time.I also like that fact that I can order half-rolls.  It allows me to have more variety on my plate.I cannot comment on the hibachi as I have not dined at the hibachi grills.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,1/14/2013,36,160,2,2,3>I really liked this place the atmosphere is great and I loved the speakeasy theme. The staff was very nice and told us all about the different things they have going on every night. We will definitely go back for poker Tuesday and trivia Wednesday.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,1/13/2013,25,107,10,4,2>So after living my whole life in Memphis, I finally got Jack Pirtle's fried chicken for the first time today. I'll now refer to that span as The Lost Years.The whole "like grandma's" shtick is so overused, I hate to admit that Pirtle's fried chicken does indeed taste suspiciously like the kind my Gran served us when I was growing up (or maybe Gran simply had Pops make a Pirtle's run before we arrived?). I like Uncle Lou's for the sauce and Gus's for the extra spicy "fried chicken on steroids" experience (or maybe that's KFC). But Pirtle's is just plain ol' crispy, well- but not over-seasoned fried chicken; in other words, it's darn near perfect.It's pretty cheap, too. And the 2520 Mt. Moriah store is like 5 minutes from the house. Dang.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,1/12/2013,46,54,5,8,7>People have been talking about how good Alex's Wings are, so I decided to check the place out again. I've been there before, but had never eaten there----I just remember it as a dive bar near Rhodes. It's still a dark, divey, throwback bar, with quite a bit going for it.The Jukebox here is actually two boxes side by side. It's known as the best in town. I haven't seen any better.There's a big picture of Babe Ruth on the wall opposite the bar. He's staring straight ahead with a baseball bat over his shoulder. Anyone with a tribute to the Babe in their bar scores points with me. There are many other photos on the wall. Just down from the Babe is a picture of Marilyn Monroe with a silk scarf in front of her naked chest. You can clearly see a nipple. It's a nice nipple. I think I saw the Babe sneak a peek at the nipple right before he told me to try the Hot Wings. I always listen to the Babe.The wings are a little expensive, $10 for 8 "big" drummies. For this price, I thought maybe they'd be whole wings. It took awhile to get them, which is a good sign. Wings really should be cooked a little bit longer to get crisp before the sauce gets applied. When the wings arrived (with Blue Cheese, of course) I knew they were gonna be delicious. It's so dark in Alex's you can only smell them, but that hot sauce, vinegary, chicken smell was worth the wait. I ordered the "Hot Wings", but they also have something called Greek wings. The flavor was wonderful, and the texture was a mix of crispy, and tough on the outside. Inside, the wings were tender. The sauce was pretty spicy, but not too much. These wings are as good as I've had in Memphis, which is a high compliment. Hot Wings are important to me, and I've tried many versions in my travels. Alex's is a bar. Don't come here thinking it's a nice place. Alex's is for someone who likes an authentic experience. It's a crap bar with cold beer and hot wings worthy of a drive from the suburbs.At the end of the ball game I was watching, I paid my tab and started to leave. The Babe called me out for not sharing my damn wings!  I told him to keep his eyes on the breasts and leave my wings off his menu. I'm coming back soon to try the Burger, Ribs, and Greek Wings.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,9/5/2012,27,85,,4,2>I've been away from Memphis for a while so when I had the chance to come back and eat a catch-up meal with a girlfriend, she suggested Ciao Bella since I've never been before.Ever since I started dating my now-fiance, I have rarely eaten Italian (aka 0 times). He's not a big fan of anything noodle-y so that means no Italian food and also no more pad thai (one of my favorite foods but that's another story). Anyways, I was pretty excited to go try out this Italian eatery.My friend and I started off by sharing the Caesar salad, which was very tasty and a good sharing size. We were also given a basket of fresh bread with olive oil and generously offered more bread when our basket emptied.For the entree, I had the half portion Penne Pesto. This is a great size for one person and left me very full. The pasta was super pesto-y, which I personally love, but the chicken was a little chewy.Overall, I loved the food here and would love to go again. Our waiter was very nice and kindly refilled our waters because we ended up chatting for almost 3 hours. We went on a weekday night so I'm not sure how the crowds are on busier nights.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/4/2012,98,313,6,8,4>I'm so happy I could burst! Sakura has finally opened up its location in East Memphis--so I no longer have to trek over to Germantown to get my sushi fix--(sorry Germantown location--you still hold a special place in my heart but having my favorite sushi place closer to home is definitely a good thing). It's in the Erinway shopping center--at Poplar and St Nick. From what I heard, Sakura officially opened their doors on July 9th. I was very impressed with the ambiance of this restaurant--the decor is very inviting. The first thing you notice is how big it is...I think it could accommodate large parties better than the Germantown location and there's a much bigger wait area and bar. Most importantly, the sushi was spot-on--just what i would expect from Sakura. I had the Joyce roll, Sexy Lady, Tornado and Spicy Tuna. Our server was also wonderful and attentive. Until they secure their alcohol permit, they are allowing customers to bring their own wine--but I'm sure this will be temporary. Call ahead to find out.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,9/3/2012,19,62,8,4,5>It's due to the previous reviews by several Elite '12 that had me excited about The Salon. First off, it's my kind of place; clean, small and personal. I've started with fingers/toes with Miss Jackie. She's a treat. Best mani I've had in some time. The back-to-basics set up takes some getting used to but hell, I'm easy ; ) My only less-than-stellar comment would be about the price however that's on me for assuming based on the general pricing for cuts & colors but since everyone is an independent contractor far be it from me to say it wasn't worth it...which I won't...because it wasn't.While in there I started a chat with Angel. She gave me a general quote for cut/color which suited me right down to the ground. I will make that appointment for next week. In the mean time, It's bloody hot outside so I'm going to put me feet up and admire my pretty toes between commercials while I watch the last 2 episodes of Mad Men. Joan Harris is my hero and it's not because we're both no-nonsense red heads unable to look straight down and see our shoes.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/3/2012,9/2/2012,79,111,,5,1>When I have a craving for Thai food, Bangkok Alley is not normally on my radar.  I have certain places that I frequent for this cuisine.  However, I was forced to step out of my comfort zone for a friend's birthday dinner one night.  I had actually never stepped into a Bangkok Alley before this night, so I was in for a brand new experience.I liked the atmosphere in the bar/lounge area. There were cozy benches with lots of brightly colored throw pillows. The whole place was pretty small, but the intimate feeling worked.Our servers were very sweet, but they seemed a little understaffed for our big party. Granted, we had around 20-25 people, but our food seemed to take longer than it should have. Also, I ran out of water before the food got there, and it never got refilled. This poses a pretty big problem, considering how saucy and hot Thai dishes usually are.My company raved on and on about the "Drunken Noodle", or "Pad-Kee-Mao" in Thai. There were many choices on the menu, so I was happy to have a suggestion to narrow down my choices. This dish is described as "Stir fried flat wide noodle with fresh basil, egg, onion, bell pepper, bean sprout in special cooking wine sauce". I love Thai noodle dishes, so I was ready to take on Drunken Noodle. The dish comes with a choice of chicken or tofu, and I opted for the tofu.The first thing I noticed is what a generous portion of noodles this was. You will not go hungry, for sure. Thai food is known to be spicy, so I should have known to expect a kick in the pants. This dish wasn't Thai hot, but it was well above mild for sure. Overall, the dish was yummy. It didn't knock my socks off like I was expecting, but I will order it again in the future.Also keep in mind this is an Americanized Thai restaurant, so prices are not comparable to your hole-in-the-wall joints around town. You pay extra for the atmosphere and the higher quality ingredients. I say it is worth it, if you are looking for a nice meal out.Overall, Bangkok Alley did not rise to the top of my Thai restaurant list, but it made it to the top 5. I am not aching to go back, but I can guarantee I will when the time is right.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,9/1/2012,53,93,,10,2>Again, after my less than stellar update, someone from Swanky's contacted me about my complaint.  Additionally, he asked how my complaints could be resolved, as well as offered solutions to ensure that future visits were positive experiences for my cycling friends and me.  Almost immediately, we noticed a positive change in our service.  The server assigned to our table (ever since), has been attentive, quick and made sure all our needs were met.  My friends even mentioned how much better Swanky's had gotten. :-)  Consider us still patrons.  Kudos again for caring, Swanky's!**Also, Swanky's has a guard, Mario, who patrols the parking lot.  He is friendly and makes certain that everyone's cars (and bikes) are safe while they eat!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,8/31/2012,62,119,4,4,3>Alright, I'll respect your chicken wing swag, but honestly, any place that names itself "Best Wings of Memphis" is just setting itself up for failure.  On to the review........So the Honey Bunny and I came here and got the honey hot and regular hot.  I'm gonna make it short and sweet.  THE BEST WINGS IN MEMPHIS.  PERIOD.  Get outta here with the Ching's hot wings non-sense.  Come here and have your mind changed.The chicken wing (whole) itself was large and crispy.  None of that rubbery chicken BS.  10/10The buffalo hot sauce wouldn't be a true buffalo hot sauce as there's a bit of sugar in it and the sugary taste is definitely apparent, but it's really good.  Sauce is superb, but it's sugary, so it's tough to categorize.  The honey hot is pretty much a honey sauce with other ingredients in it.  Although it is really sweet, it's really good.  The first time we got it, the honey hot was mixed in with the original hot sauce (wings were both in the same styrofoam container), and we thought that's was how it was supposed to be.  But the second time we got the honey hot wings, we got it by itself, and we learned that the honey hot by itself is not as good as the honey hot/original mixture.  So if you want the real deal holyfield of best wings in Memphis, come here; you won't be disappointed.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,8/30/2012,36,69,2,4,4>This zoo is one of the best in the country! It has so many exhibits and animal types, and I love how it's constantly trying to improve and add new features and exhibits.New this year are the giraffe feedings, camel rides and the dino exhibit. On our more recent visit, we were able to try the camel rides and walk through the dino area.My girls loved the camel rides, but I can't really see ever paying to ride the camel again. But it's definitely one of those "You gotta try it once" type of things.The dino exhibit was impressive but I would caution bringing very young children into it. Both my experience with my almost 4 year old, and several similar experiences I've heard about from my mom friends with kids in the 5 and under age category was that the dino exhibit was "scary" and the little ones did not enjoy it. My daughter wouldn't go near any of them and specifically told us she wanted to stay away from some of the biggest dinos on display.I think the final "scene" with the T-rex standing over a bleeding Triceratops is a bit much, honestly. Even some older kids who enjoyed the rest of the dinos were uncomfortable with that scene.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,8/29/2012,8,10,,8,6>I love this place! Such a unique place with a nice warm cozy atmosphere! If u aren't a tea drinker, this place may just change your mind. It has everything you've ever wanted in a tea and more. Over 60 flavors of drinks and you choose whether it's hot or iced. Free wi-fi and the customer service just add to the experience. I work in the mall and loving going there on my breaks. So relaxing!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,8/28/2012,46,54,3,13,5>I've been meaning to check this place out for awhile, but I'm in the city, and this place is in West Nashville. It was still worth the trip.I've been considering mail-ordering a Packer-trim Brisket from Creekstone Farms. That's what they serve at Franklin's BBQ in Austin. Best Beef BBQ in existence, in my opinion. Since I can't find any decent Brisket in Memphis (No surprise, really), I guess I need to learn how to Slow-smoke a Brisket myself.  I may not reach the level of perfection that they do in Austin, but I picture a Ferrari. A race car driver could do 200mph in it, while I might only manage 180----but it'll still be fast enough.They have meat from Creekstone Farms at Thomas'. I got a good brisket, and will be cooking it this weekend......if I make it back from Collierville by then.All of the meat at Thomas' is quality. Their budget line is Heavy-Select. A perfect choice for Value. The Choice and Prime grades get expensive, but it's better meat than the grocery stores. They sell lump charcoal and briquettes, as well as smoking woods. I also bought some local honey to add to my Sauce. It makes me feel good to support the local beekeepers. The selection of Chicken and Pork also looked pretty good. If you're looking for the ultimate, and just hit a scratch-off for a couple of hundred-----buy one of the Wagyu Briskets for $175 or so. Nobody else in this area even carries this meat. I was impressed.If you are picky about Beef, and know that you NEED quality to produce quality food.....Thomas' is your friend.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,8/27/2012,98,357,,5,2>I like this little place. I have been a semi-regular now for well over 10 yrs. Once again it is a Mom and Pop place and has its quirks. I have always found the owners to be very nice and helpful.  The Tom Kai Kai is really good. I would also recommend their wings as some of the best in the city. Several styles and all I've tried have been great. They do a curry chicken, potato, etc lunch special that is very good , especially for 6 bucks. The sauces are all home made and good. It is a good choice of you find yourself in the Kirby 385 area and want some good food at very reasonable prices. I would really probably give 3.5 stars but I have decided to grade higher and put notes instead of grading lower with notes. Not fair to lower a places ratings.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/28/2012,7,65,3,5,4>I am basing my 5 star review on the French Crullers alone. I have been eating these things for about 30 years (started at the old location on Union) and they have never failed to be the most scrumptious things I have ever put in my mouth. Not everyone likes French Crullers but it is my favorite type of donut and Howard's knows how to make them. These are not like the cake style regular cruller, these are the lighter ones with the sort of hollow inside. God bless they are good. They melt in your mouth. If you are passing them up when you go to Howard's, you are seriously missing out.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,4/26/2012,100,106,6,6,6>Two words. Seafood Bisque. Two more words - brunch mimosas. These four words make me happy. I love this place. They do have a weekend brunch, and it does have all the basic brunch foods, plus some added cajun bonuses, but my go-to is always, always the bisque. One time, I actually asked how much they would charge me to buy a gallon of it. My son said "if you love it so much, why don't you  marry it". Truth is, I would if I could. I wouldn't mind waking up to that bisque every day for the rest of my life. They also have alligator chili and some pretty good bacon wrapped shrimp.  Good stuff. Go here.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,4/25/2012,0,3,,6,2>I have been a customer of The Detail Shop since 2002 for the simple fact that they are they have preformed "miracles" on all my cars and trucks over the years. They do a full detail here, it's not a wash and wax.  You need to make an appointment  to leave your car, then a team of people go to work on it for the better part of twenty hours. Every possible spot is cleaned and wiped down or polished.  From the visors to the carpet in the trunk nothing is left untouched.   I never cease to be amazed at how they are able buff out the finish to create a depth and luster  and a head turning shine.  It truly is one of those things that you have to see to appreciate.   I don't recommend many places (and I only carry business cards for two places- this is one) But The Detail Shop is definitely worth recommending if you want your car looking like it just rolled off the showroom floor.  Whether for a wedding procession, a special occasion or I am getting ready to sell a car,  I  make an appointment.  I have never had anything but friendly and polite service from all the staff and that is a rare thing now-days.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,4/24/2012,37,82,,7,2>I really enjoy living here. We have a great, well-kept apartment. I love using the pools in the summer. I feel very safe here and often go for a walk around the place in the evenings. Every time I call for maintenance the issue gets fixed that day. My only issues, really, are that the gates are not always closed after 5pm (when they are supposed to be) and one gate is half broken. It still closes, but missing the bar that comes down after each vehicle. Hence the 4 stars instead of 5.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,4/23/2012,31,74,,4,2>I like this place! Totally vegan. They make some spectacular sweet potato white bean soup for dinner. A lot of stuff is pretty expensive, but you know what I heard? Something about the U.S. spends less on food, percentage-wise, than most other countries, so. Just because we are used to spending less doesn't mean it is doing us any good. The smoothies are 100% organic and you're GONNA pay for that. I have had some really delicious smoothies there. Haven't tried the juice because I only like a week ago started to understand the point of juicing, but watch out because now I am ON it. Didn't like the flaxseed crackers or the chocolate mousse I tried, unfortunately. But everything else has been great, they carry some hard-to-find vegan food items and they have been known to have really interesting speakers in there.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,4/21/2012,98,313,,5,3>I went to Casablanca over the past weekend and I can already tell that place is going to be a regular for me. That's saying a lot because my husband and I cook at home a lot and going out to eat is more of a special occassion for us. I've been meaning to try this place for a long time and I know it's gotten rave reviews so I had to check it out for myself. We started with the Sultan Mezza Combo platter, which I highly recommend because you get to sample all their popular apps: hummus, baba ganoush, falafel, crisy pita strips, tabouleh, and dolmas. I was huge fan of the falafel (small, moist, and crunchy--most falafel I've tried before was good but always on the dry side) and taboleh--i could have eaten that by itself. Hummus was a bit underwhelming--but I think it's a consistency issue--i prefer mine a little on the chunkier side--but this was an authentically mediterranean way of doing it.The hot ginger/sage/honey infused tea was just delcious! For the entree course, we had the lamb/beef shwarma plate. And although the meat was a little chewy for my liking the "house sauce" and rice pilaf were really scrumptious. I can't wait to try the chicken that everyone raves about on yelp. For dessert, we were going to try the baklava anyway but found it odd that "chocolate mousse" was listed on a mediteranean menu...the owner insisted we try it and it was the FLUFFIEST chocolate mouse ever...its just melted on the tongue. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service was pretty slow towards the end. They were packed and short handed on a friday night...so I totally understand. The staff was really friendly and food was delicious so that definitely made up for not having water while eating our entrees or not getting our check after asking for it. Overall, a VERY GOOD experience!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/20/2012,114,317,3,9,3>If you need to find me on a Tuesday or Saturday night, stop by the patio at Mortimer's. I have recently discovered that they do 40 cent oyster nights, and I am hooked. Let's see....For less than $5, I can enjoy a dozen fresh, plump, delectable gems from the sea? Sign me up! Shoot...add a glass of wine and I can call that a light dinner. Other offerings are good - I did try the amberjack sandwich and would order that again. If I can get past these oysters, I want to try the gouda stuffed burger! (*IF* I can get past the oysters...I'm on a serious kick right now)
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,4/19/2012,11,12,1,8,3>Wow - only great things to say about this place!  I went with a coworker and two vendor reps visiting from out of town.  I arrived ahead of my party, and the manager walked me around the restaurant and showed me all the different areas of the restaurant, and we ultimately landed in a cozy corner with a pair of curved, facing banquettes.  Perfect area to talk and eat and drink!The atmosphere offers a little something for most everyone.  There's regular table seating in both the front and the back of the restaurant (do you want to be "seen" or be cozy?); a number of tall bar tables best suited for small parties or cocktails only; there's an area by the kitchen where you can sit at a table or belly up to a bar that faces the open kitchen; and you can't miss the enormous, rectangle bar that takes up most of the middle of the restaurant!  The sofa area where we sat was great because you're still in the mix of the restaurant, but you're not bumped right up to another table and forced to overhear whatever conversations are going on next to you.The cocktails are creative, and many of them are locally-themed - we tried three different ones, but the overwhelming favorite was the Dancin' Jimmy - these will be dangerous come summer!And did I mention the food?  I'm always a little unsure the first time I visit a tapas restaurant, having been burned in the past at places that charge a lot, but use "tapas" as an excuse to be really skimpy.  Not Alchemy - I was much more than pleasantly surprised at the portions!  We each selected an item, and really probably would have been full after the first round, but because that first round was so good we had to go back for a second!  Of the ten (yes, ten) different items we selected, I would have gladly ordered seconds. Lastly, the service was so, so good.  Our server was Jason - he had a contagious smile, a friendly demeanor, provided spot-on recommendations, and expertly managed the balance of being present and giving us space.Alchemy doesn't take reservations (other than large groups), as most tapas restaurants by design encourage patrons to stick around, take their time, and enjoy each other's company.  If it gets full, don't expect it to be a place where tables will turn over quickly.  But the good news is that this place is HUGE, and the giant bar and open floor plan are conducive to hanging out and enjoying a delicious specialty cocktail or two if you do have to wait.Top scores all around - I can't wait to come back!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,4/18/2012,53,93,3,9,7>When I first heard about the new speakeasy, Blind Bear, I couldn't envision how they made a secretive-ish speakeasy out of what used to be Circa, then Bar None.  I had to check it out, but admittedly, was skeptical that it would have a thrilling feeling of doing something that wasn't allowed.  The only other speakeasy I've been to was Patterson House in Nashville.  When you walk in, they make you wait in what looks like a library of someones home.  Then they lead you downstairs where the bar is.  Even though it's not a secret, you get the feeling that it is.Boy, oh boy, was I wrong.  They built a wall with a little cut out door that you have to walk through in order to access the main room.  There are couches and casino type tables in the main area.  I love the casino tables...just their presence kinda gives you that feeling that your being such a rebel!  The wait staff are dressed in a 30's burlesque type manner.  They're super friendly, although, I thought they were a little understaffed for as busy as they were.  Hopefully, this is a kink that can be worked out soon.I really only had drinks - I did try the Bear Balls.  Deep fried mozzarella balls.  They were standard mozzarella balls, but had a hint of cinnamon.  Overall, it was a creative, cool place.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,4/17/2012,47,237,,2,1>El Mezcal off Hwy 64 rocks.  While observing Lint I took time to try a new place for some fish and boy was I pleasantly surprised. You get the traditional  chips and salsa to start off, and my kids always have to have cheese dip too.  The salsa is blended more therefore no so chunky like other Mexican places.  It also packs a punch with the heat, so if your one of those light weights that needs a drink before digging into the chips, I advise waiting for your drink or just the cheese dip.  I had the Cameron Vera Cruz with Grilled Pineapple over a bed of Spanish rice.  Darn Good Stuff.  The rice is very light, fragrant (smells good) and not sticky in the slightest bit.  The dish came with at least a dozen medium sized shrimp that I fell confident...dare I say, "Fresh" because they actually tasted like shrimp and not a chewy piece of rubber.  I added some of the salsa that really complemented the sweetness of the grilled pineapple.  Service was very attentive to everyone's drinks and we even got special treatment for my son's birthday with some of the best Mexican caramel sauce topped flan I've had outside of Mexico.  Spoiler alert...Spoiler alert...."they sing happy birthday in Spanish just before someone sneaks up from behind to smear cool whip in the birthday boys face....  Nice, but make sure to have your cameras at the ready or you'll miss that special moment.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,10/8/2013,123,66,4,10,2>Wow pretty good food i must sayMy friends and i ventured out on a rainy saturday night. we were all hungry and wanted to try something new and had heard Thai Basil had just opened. Located right behind the Dixie Cafe where the old Mandarin Palace used to be. As you enter the restaurant you are greeted by the front counter with a few ladies that can help place your order to go or help you with seating. I think this place can seat up to 60+We had the basil fried rice, Papaya salad, beef lard nah, chicken wing tossed with onions, jalapeño n garlic and pad see ew.Everything was served pretty quick with just enough flavor. My favorites are the chicken wings with that slight salt n pepper with a kick of jalapeno, the basil fried rice and the beef lard nah or raad nah as they call it. I've been back here twice in the past 3 days, both for a late lunch and dinner and i've become hooked. I haven't been disappointed yet and vow to come back to try something different on the menu.Thumbs up for opening a Thai place in the Bartlett area.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,10/7/2013,121,288,5,12,5>I've been writing about food long enough to know that what I'm about to do isn't the best way to start a restaurant review, but in this case, it's the most honest way: I (mostly) have no idea what I ate at the VGM Market this afternoon, but I loved every single bit of it.The VGM Market is a small Filipino grocery store with a restaurant and ice cream shop inside. As far as I can tell, it's Memphis' only Filipino food outlet.The friendly woman behind the counter at VGM was completely sympathetic to me being a Filipino food newbie and she patiently explained what all of the hot dishes were: massive hunks of pork belly, noodles, pork and chicken on sticks, vegetables and beef, etc. Everything comes as a combo - you can get a meat, a side and either rice or noodles for about $9.I ordered the chicken adobo (braised and browned chicken wings) and some creamy greens that were like a spicy, coconut milk version of creamed spinach. My friend John ordered two skewers, one of grilled pork and one grilled chicken and noodles, which tasted almost exactly like Chinese fried rice.After lunch, we checked out the ice cream case, which had about ten flavors of brightly colored ice cream in flavors that I'd never heard of: mais queso, cashew, macapuno, halo halo, etc. After watching the woman behind the counter make a Halo Halo drink for someone else, I ordered it.She produced a plastic cup with some jellied fruit, coconut and red beans floating in a red liquid at the bottom third of it, added crushed ice, poured condensed milk over it, then added a huge scoop of ice cream (in my case, cashew). She gave me a spoon and told me to mix it up.It was sort of like a thin milkshake, about the texture of an iced latte. The ice cream, which is imported from the Philippines, has a lot of flavor, but is very light. We figured out that there were jellied strings of coconut, but never determined (even after asking) what the red chunks of fruit were. They kind of tasted like Jello, but had a thicker texture. Despite not knowing exactly what I was drinking, it was amazing - cool and refreshing and perfect for an afternoon as hot as this one.The VGM market is open for lunch and dinner. There are plenty of tables if you want to eat there, and they take cash and credit cards (though, I don't think they take American Express). After you eat, check out the grocery section and the to-go pints of ice cream.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/6/2013,32,11,,1,2>Every time I go to Bosses I get the chicken tenders and they never disappoint! It's always fresh and wonderful. I prefer no sauce on my chicken, so I can't speak for those. I highly recommend Bosses to everyone. Also, check out their chicken mascot. He's pretty cool!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,10/5/2013,39,55,,4,2>First off I love the High Point area and have been wanting to try High Point Pizza for some time. We finally made our way there last weekend on a beautiful late afternoon. There was a lot of activity in and around all the shops so it was a great day to sit out front and enjoy the day. I always like to order a standard pizza my first visit to a pizza place so we ordered a large pepperoni, how much more standard can you get? I love the crust! Buttery and full of flavor. Great texture, just enough crispness for my taste buds. Nice blend of flavors in the sauce and great mozzarella. All together it made for a great pizza. I saw several other pizzas on the menu I can't wait to get back to try, and yes I will be back for sure.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,10/4/2013,15,112,,3,3>my mom lives in the o.b.  she told us about this place originally. Her friends went there and loved it. so then i did some research. this dude runs his place all by himself. pretty ballsy. cuts down on overhead and having to pay employees. he does it all. he only takes cash as well. He was a chef/cook at Alchemy and other places. so he has a background in fancy food.  the food here is comfort food. you got burgers, home fry type potatoes, mac and cheese, salads, sandwiches, and bread pudding. he doesn't shut out vegetarians. he has a portabella mushroom sandwich. and for diet conscious, he has some spinach turkey burger. he is willing to experiment.  anyways, we got  the raved about signature item when we went and  it was worth the hype.we both got the fat panda sandwich. it's marinated sirloin strips that pretty much reminded me of my mom's teriyaki beef on a french type baguette bread dressed with sriracha mayo and cilantro. it's kinda like a bahn mi but without pickled veggies. however, you can dress the sandwich with other items on the side bar that he offers. you dress it yourself to your liking. we also got garlic potato wedges. they were pretty garlic-y. i found them to be on the salty side.  the  asiago mac and cheese was good. it's creamy and cheesy underneath a layer of baked cheese in a mini pie tin.  the best thing was the bread pudding.  it's irish car bomb bread pudding baked in individual little tins.  there is a almost smoky caramel pecan sauce that goes with it. the bread part is almost savory rather than sweet. the sauce provides the sweet. anyway, i recommend it warmed up with some whipped cream on top or ice cream. i haven't been there for burgers yet but we will go back to try them. anyways, the food was pretty good. my advice to the chef is dial it down on the salt factor but  other than that, you are A-Ok in the ob.  Olive Branch for a town it's size needs more places like this.  The restaurants there have either been chain and terrible in customer service or just meh foodwise.  Surely, more people will take the chance like Chef Mah and bring good food and customer service to Olive Branch.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/3/2013,197,116,11,11,9>I've been scanning the thesaurus for about 2 hours now trying to find an appropriate adjective to describe the food I had the opportunity to enjoy last night. The waitress suggested epic, but i need something more. Maybe holyshitamazinggotdamndelicious? Inadequate grasp of the English language aside, this is one of the best meals I have had in quite a long time. The restaurant is located in a small store front on G.E. Patterson,  and could perhaps stand to lose one table to comfortably fit the patrons. As it stands right now, if you use your knife you're more than likely going to be elbowing the diner behind you in the ribs. The service is spot-on. Toby is a sweetheart and made sure that we were taken care of the whole night. She is also very knowledgeable about the menu and was able to answer questions or guide us in the right direction when we were about to make a culinary misstep (I don't know that 's possible at Rizzo's...unless you get the spring rolls. Don't waste your time). Another waiter, Ugly (he told us later that his Mom gave him that nickname, so there's clearly a lot of love in that family), was also a super capable and friendly guy. I ended up buying him a shot of Fireball whiskey ( so many college memories!!)  when I ran into him at Local with my date later that night. The food is clearly the star of the show, though. For appetizers, we ordered the pronto pup lobster and the Spring roll. The spring roll wasn't my favorite; the mint taste was a little too overpowering. For our entrees, I ordered the ancho-chili brisket, and my date ordered the Cajun chicken Pot Pie. Now, I am a brisket fiend. And this brisket was some of the best I've had. It fell apart with very limited effort on my part and was served with au jus, mac and cheese, and string beans. The taste was great with a little bit of heat, and a little bit of smokiness. My date's plate was a delicious blend of chicken, andouille sausage and vegetables. The puff pastry was incredibly light and airy and crispy and fantastic. In the spirit of romance, we offered each other a bite from our respective plates, but i saw the feral look in her eyes when i tried to maneuver back in for a second bite, and I'm sure it was reflected in my eyes too, so we just settled down into eating off of our own plates. Shortly thereafter, I made what i consider to be one of the best decisions of my life thus far. I ordered the bread pudding. My date was hesitant to order it because she was full, but I soldered on. The bread pudding is served with a scoop of homemade whipped cream (which may rival the Elegant Farmers' version) and a delicious banana infused sauce. I'm not ashamed to admit I lied like a rug to my date when she asked if it was good just so I could horde it all for myself. Luckily for her, the semi-orgasmic grunts I was making as i ate encouraged her to take a bite...and then several more. We fork fought over the last bite; chilvary IS dead when it comes to bread pudding!! The place was great for a date. It was intimate and quiet and appropriately fancy. Even though she ate my bread pudding, I'm excited to see her again, and i can't help but think that Rizzo's had something to do with it.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/2/2013,47,58,4,6,3>A lot of people can tell you where the best donuts in Memphis are. Unless those people say Donald's, they are wrong. 5 Stars is not enough for the consistently best donuts I've ever had in my life. I've had lots of donuts, I look for donuts in lots of places, places you'd expect to have great donuts, New York, Chicago, Los Angeles. None of them are this good. Now, everyone might be expecting me to start talking about unusual toppings, but there are no bacon topped donuts here, there are no special pumpkin spice seasonal donuts here. Remember watching the Simpsons and seeing that donut with pink frosting and sprinkles and thinking "That cartoon donut is probably perfect. It must be light and fluffy as air, with creamy frosting and just enough sprinkles to cover every bite but not fall off and make a mess. If only I could ever have a donut so good, but it probably doesn't exist." It does exist and it is here. And that's only the pink frosting donut, because they do have donuts with strawberry frosting, the best strawberry donut frosting ever. Tons of flavor in this frosting, so get it on a cake donut and enjoy it. Another favorite here is the blueberry cake donut. They make it perfectly, it is the best blueberry cake donut ever. My favorite donut is the chocolate frosted white cream filled. My friend loves all the filled donuts here. You can't go wrong here.Next is the great selection of breakfast sandwiches they have. Egg, cheese, and bacon or sausage on a croissant, warm and delicious and better than the chain donut place (obviously). They also have kolaches, which are pretty much sausages wrapped in pastry, which sounds fantastic. No one can read that and say, "no thanks." It's great. But here is a little hidden gem, the croissants with ham and cheese baked inside of them! They bake it in! It's baked inside!The people that run the place are great. Nice and polite and helpful.To recap: these are the best donuts I've ever had. It's not a joke or an exaggeration. I will miss this place when I leave this city. I don't think I'll ever find donuts this good again.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,10/1/2013,39,320,2,3,2>I've been to both large and small events here, as well as raced on parts of the track myself, and while I don't have anything else to compare it to, overall, I'm a fan.  Now, the most important consideration, as a woman, are the restrooms, and this track has a good set-up of several small buildings -- no port-a-potties required, whew!  They're also usually pretty clean and well-supplied too, which is an added bonus.The stands are standard stadium-style bleachers, but adequate, and they have timing lights and very visible scoreboards on the track, which makes it fun to watch the drag racing.  And the main strip can be configured for both eighth and quarter mile runs, so it's got some versatility.However, parts of the road course are in need of some new pavement...water tends to collect in some areas, which can make for an interesting ride (ok, spin-out) if you accidentally drive through it!  And they could stand to cut the grass a little more often; it blocks the view of the track ahead in some areas of the road course.Overall though, I love the track!  Where else in Memphis can you have this kind of fun for so cheap?
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,9/30/2013,21,105,3,4,2>This place is pretty awesome.Let's start with service, well, the waitress was nice and you know, getting us our food and drinks in quickly was a plus, then about 4-5 more tables came in and it was a 20ish minute wait until we got our checks... bleh, honestly, quick print and then rush off to serve other tables and drop off the check, I probably would have gave you a bigger tip too ($4 on a $15 tab :P)Drinks, well first I got a water with lemon, my brother was busy digging into his book and being his general rude ugh self mumbled water or something, Only one water with lemon came back... were we supposed to share? Partly my brother's fault but still one drink for 2 people?. I had to get a melon water after our food arrived because the water is not filtered and I'm sorry but I hate the taste of tap here.Ahhh the salsa and chips... we didn't get a refill on chips, but I also saw no other tables getting refills... perhaps I need to learn to flag down the waitress, poor girl she was the only one working(hire more). chips were tasty, not spectacular but definitely some of the better chips I've had, not greasy either. Salsa was a no for me. It had a weird lack of salt, even though I know it probably has plenty... meh salsa just wasn't pleasant... bitterNow to the food, I got an al pastor... maybe I need to stop because I can't really remember the taste much for thesetripe, nice and fatty a bit crunchy too, super deliciouscarne asada, good, tripe was betterlengua aka cow tongue, wow that was asfjhbngvfmdksn delicious, still not as good as tripe.Al carte tacos are $1.50 each and come with cilantro and onions, tasty... this cheesy tasting sauce and you can also ask for limes and radishes. very good stuff.Oh and the melon water :L yum people skip the soda get yourself an agua fresca along with your meal.My brother got a more tex-mexish taco meal - steak and bacon with cheese. thankfully there was not too much cheese, unfortunately not too much bacon either.rice and beans were pretty good, but did I mention my tripe taco?They have a good cheap extensive menu... though the menus could do with a bit of soap and sanitizer.I won't say the service is bad yet as I've only experienced it once but the food at least is good and worth the confusing ride around lamar/getwell/winchester.They also have fresh in-house made-looking pan dulces. I do think it is made in house but if anyone can say for certain, please feel free to correct or agree.There are also an assortment of mexican candies as well. Be careful it is a bit warm, kinda sticky inside, and I went in today with a jacket because it was cold out.EDIT: cheesy sauce - salsa verde/rojo
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,9/29/2013,43,104,9,5,5>This may be my shortest review ever. Ready?... Now THAT'S a country breakfast! Done! Footnote: 1. Cash, no plastic. 2. There may be a line (it moves fast; you're a Yelper, so live off your fat reserves). 3. The doors get locked at 1:30, so don't get there at 1:31, dummy.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,12/11/2012,21,37,,5,1>I recently moved into the area and was excited to try Las Delicias - mostly because I buy their chips at the farmer's market and they are the best tortilla chips ever! I went with the family on a Tuesday night. If I were giving an accurate rating, I'd say 3.5. I waffled between 3 and 4, but took the high road - because of those chips!The food was excellent. Fresh is the adjective that comes to mind first. The tacos were excellent and I love all of the a la carte options - freedom from those numbered combos you find at most Mexican restaurants. I always want 2 out of 3 of the items on those dishes and hate asking to substitute. I had 2 steak tacos with beans. The hubby had a chorizo taco and a tamale. The kiddos had their usual cheese quesadilla and rice. The food is wonderful. I was mucho happy with the little tacos on corn tortillas. The entire meal was excellent! Drinks were good too, although not as cheap as some other hole-in-the-wall Mexican joints.Now for the bad news...... I almost gave them 3 stars because of the service. It was slow from start to finish. We found ourselves waiting a lot - on everything from host to food to silverware to refills. I will go back and give it another shot. Maybe it was a rough night. Maybe I was more inpatient because we had the kids with us and waiting is always more difficult with hungry children around. Hopefully, I will go back and revise this to 5 stars! They definitely have 5 star Mexican restaurant potential in my book!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,12/10/2012,3,5,,5,2>It's remarkable. Whether you're there for a quick business lunch or catching up with friends, it's the perfect spot. The food: A twist on the plate-style lunch. Everything I've had from here has been delicious. The corn sticks (cornbread molded into a corn on the cob-like shape) that come with the meal are delicious. I recommend the vegetable plate. The turnip greens are just salty enough and the fried okra is light and crunchy, never soggy. The service: Warm and friendly. Because it's such a Downtown hot spot for local celebrities like the mayor, the staff knows how to get people in and out without seeming rushed. You order and get your food in about 10 minutes.  The atmosphere: Like you've stepped back in time, and down a few flights of stairs. It's sort of dimly light and you get the feel that you're in a basement. It's a big open room with a lot of tables. When it's lunch hour, it can be a tight squeeze. However, you probably won't notice much when the food arrives. Extras: I love the way you order at this restaurant. It's sort of like a sushi menu but with the entire menu. You can mark everything from your appetizer to your drink order.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,12/9/2012,89,341,,2,1>I love Jamaica, Mon! But since I can't there very often, I opt for Automatic Slim's Tonga Club instead. It's lively, Carribean-chic atmosphere and amazingly creative menu make this a downtown favorite of many locals and tourists alike. My favorites: 1. The Coconut Mango Shrimp. It's their specialty, available as an appetizer and served with an orange-dusted pico de gallo. 2. Pumpkin Seed Encrusted Ahi Tuna (Yes - pumpkin seed). This is a salad and it's sushi-grade tuna on a bed of oranges, dried cranberries &molasses-glazed pecans over greens, with a lemon vinaigrette. And it's delicious! A great summer time lunch option. 3. And last, but certainly not least the Huachinango (pronounced "watch-ee-nan-go"). It's whole crispy fish served with roasted bananas and escabeche of habañeros, white onions, scallions and tomatoes in cane vinegar. Are you hungry yet? If not, you will be as soon as you walk in the door and smell the amazing and exotic aromas floating from the kitchen. And while you wait on your meal, order a specialty drink, then sit back and enjoy.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,12/8/2012,15,112,,3,3>this will be a brief review. the service: enthusiastic and attentive. appetizers: fish fritters were the star  the ginger beer: you must like ginger/ginger root a lot. it gives you little burn on the way down because of all the ginger in it.. . the special: curry chicken and dumplings-don't expect the traditional chicken and dumplings. it's more of a corn meal patty rather that a dumpling. the flavor were bold. especially tasty were the rice and peas.  the dessert: bread pudding--dense and mild. for the value of the portions and the flavors, i definitely would go back. they are located on madison a little farther down from trolley stop. it seems out of the way but it's definitely worth checking out. in the words of Guy Fieri, man, this is flavortown.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,12/7/2012,33,13,1,7,3>I have been here at least once a week for the past year.  Some of the best food in Memphis.  You have to get the Bi Bim Bop if your are a Kwik-Check virgin.  The Turk is also good, but then again everything else in here is as well.  Gee, the owner, is once of my favorite restaurant owners in the city. Super sweet and good to conversate with.The venue is a converted convenient store and has a very laid-back feel.  The only drawback is that the food does take a long time to finish because the cooks put so much TLC into the food; ergo, if you are trying to grab a qwik bite (see what I did there?) for your lunch break, I would recommend not going between 11:30am-1pm.  If you can't manage this, go at a later time.  2-3pm is the best time to hit this place up.  I have eaten here about 1-2 times per week the past year and I have never been disappointed.  This will not break the bank and you will be a convert.  And don't forget the Bi Bim Bop...
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,12/6/2012,36,117,2,3,3>H&H is certainly a four star location at this point, with all the potential to be five.  Lots of folks with the initial euphoria of seeing poutine below the Mason-Dixon might be overrating the place a bit... but can you blame them?  No... no you cannot.The highlights:- This place is 'casual gourmet' done very very well- Mortadella hot dogs should not taste this good, but they do, and that's amazing- 3P's of greatness: Pigtails, Poutine, & Pizzas- Decor & setup - open, bright, two patio areas, bocce court... feels niceThe items to work on:- Service... haven't had a server there yet that was above average... step the game up- Food allergy/special requests... same servers don't yet know which way is up- Lunch menu... a bit limited, and it removes some of the favorites... so sadOverall, this place is great, and I highly highly recommend it.  I know they'll find their groove and be flying by the time 'patio weather' returns early in the Memphis spring in March.  'Til then, go get your 3P's on.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,12/5/2012,100,106,12,6,3>I have died and gone to "omgmyfavoritesushirestaurantnowhasalocationalmost­inmyneighborhood" heaven:. Did you know there was such a place? There is. It's called Sakura - and they now have a location in East Memphis. Half the drive for me as the original location. H.E.A.V.E.N.  -  OK - I don't know what to say other than go here. Eat here. Order white tuna sashimi, the joyce roll, and the alfredo roll. You will go home more than happy. My husband was a little jealous of the noises I was making with each bite... We'll just leave it at that.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,12/4/2012,18,118,2,4,3>I had never even heard of Interim but was recently invited to a dinner at this great restaurant.  Perhaps part of the reason I am giving it 5 stars has to do with the oh so important fact that I wasn't paying.  If I were paying I might have a more difficult time throwing down a 5 - this restaurant is not cheap, and I am a bargain maven.  Regardless, the food was outstanding, portions were reasonable, and the service was great.  I also found the ambiance refreshingly unique.  I had the Red Snapper which was delicious.  Others in my party had the steak which looked fantastic.  The pumpkin cheesecake was also quite delicious.  I look forward to a second trip to Interim.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/3/2012,192,191,1,6,4>Best Authentic Mexican food in the area.  PLUS its cheap!This review is only for the tacos, but in my experience tacos are the defining point for authenticity for a mexican joint! FOOD - We ordered the Tacos - Carne Asada, Fish, and Spicy Pork. The carne asada meat comes out in smaller pieces than expected (than the way I like it) but they give you SO much meat, heapings full! and comes with awesome cilantro which I always love and small diced white onions. Fish was delicious, fresh, and tender! Juicy and hot when it comes out. YUMS. Definitely my fav taco so far. The spicy pork was tender and definitely spicy! Not super spicy, just enough to get your mouth burning. The helpings are alot!! they definitely give you more meat per $ than any of the other taco places in Tennessee that I've been to. They give you nachos and dip first thing upon arrival. Nachos are standard, the dip is good! the salsa is a good mix of salsa and spice. I have to say that most of the other places that do serve salsa, the salsa is always mediocre and not spicy at all. i like a lil kick to my salsa, and this was definitely more than enough.ETC - Prices so cheap!!! Definitely just stick with the tacos. I got the rice and beans, and it was aites. I think monetarily it would've just been worth it to order the tacos.  The place is huge! there's tons of seating area. They have jarritos and "mexican coke" as my bro calls it in the back in a fridge for you to order if you'd like. Water comes out in huge cups with a straw, I like that. Upon arrival, they just wave to you friendly and let you seat yourself during lunch. Food is fresh. service is good. CHEAP!!! Tacos are less than $2 each. Also located close to a bank of america, and my fav dessert spot: la michoacana down the street! Alot of hispanics eating while i went in, so thats always a good sign that its authentic. Highly recommended for the memphis area if you're looking for authentic mexican.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/2/2012,31,38,,5,2>two friends and i lunched at stone soup cafe this past saturday.  overall it was a great experience.  when i arrived i was pleased to find that there is a small parking lot in the back.  the area (stone soup is just south of cooper young) is notorious for lack of parking, so stone soup's private parking lot is a plus.  also a plus, being able to enter the restaurant from the parking lot entrance OR the main entrance at the front.  and -  stone soup cafe is a house converted in to a restaurant.  i love the atmosphere - very homey and warm.since the meal was somewhat of a celebration, we brought a bottle of champagne.  our server informed us that the corkage fee was $10 - which we were happy to pay.  (i will say this, though - for a place that does not serve any alcohol, that seems kind of steep.  it's my understanding that at a cafe that actually serves wine - the corkage  will sometimes be upwards of $10 / bottle to encourage patrons to order from the restaurant's list.  other places i've been around town that do not carry wine (or alcohol at all) typically charge $2 to $3 a person, which i find to be more reasonable for bringing something in that is actually not offered there.  does that make sense?)   from the beginning of the meal until after we ordered, our server seemed annoyed and almost angry with us.  we visited for a few minutes when we got there (it had been awhile since we had seen each other) and had to ask for more time when she came by to take our order.  also, one of my friends has to eat a gluten free diet - and our server was not particularly informative on that front.  (although upon further inspection of the menu, we were all excited to see that in addition to omelets as a gluten free option, stone soup offers selections from mary's gluten free goods here in town.  which is so awesome.)  anyway, EVERYONE else we encountered at stone soup was extremely friendly - especially one gentleman who checked on us and spoke with us a few times (the manager / owner, maybe?).  and our server did seem to warm up to us after our food arrived, but her behavior in the beginning really put a damper on our  experience.  (the three of us were servers for years - so we can and do empathize with having a bad day, etc.  but it is also important to note that a rude server can ruin a meal.  no matter how good the food is.)and that brings us to the food.  we really liked the fact that much of what is offered is made in house.  and stone soup serves breakfast till 3, i believe, on saturdays and sundays.  two of us ordered omelets - which were really good.  our friend ordered a vegetable plate and her selections looked fantastic as well.  and she said the cornbread is really tasty.  i also got a biscuit and a side of vegetarian gravy - both were great.  the coffee was awesome, too.stone soup is a little pricier than other breakfast places i've been to - but in my opinion it is worth it - so worth it - to pay more to eat local, quality food and support small businesses.i will definitely be returning and am kicking myself for not trying stone soup sooner.  good stuff.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/5/2012,197,116,13,6,6>I approached this place with a little bit of reticence. My coworker talked up a "gas station that sells random shit", and I was intrigued, but also worried. How can a gas station serve up anything delicious, especially if that gas station isn't called Sheetz? Luckily for me, Sheetz isn't the only gas station that dabbles in delicious food. Located across form the Blue Monkey on Madison, Kwik Check looks like the type of place that should have Purell on every conceivable flat surface. I'm not saying it's nasty, I'm saying it LOOKS nasty. Since my stomach has never been one to flee from a challenge, I ordered anyway. I had heard rave reviews of the muffletta, and the bi bim bop. I asked the sullen looking lady behind the counter what i should order, and since the prospect of doing anything besides what she was currently doing seemed so appealing to her, I obliged when she suggested both. I ordered to go, which could have been a mistake, because the bi bim bop comes in a huge bowl that is scientifically proven to make the food more delicious. Even so, just eating out of the Styrofoam container the to-go order comes in is an experience that's close to orgasmic. And the muffletta! OH.MY.TASTEBUDS. The muffletta is HHHHUUUGGGEEE, probably the size of my head. And I have a big head. But only cause I'm so smart! (At least, that's what my mom tells me). I ordered it with the spicy paste, which, surprisingly, is actually quite spicy. I ate a quarter in the car-while narrowly avoiding cars on Popular- and gave the rest to my coworker as homage to the Oracle of Great Places to Eat in Memphis.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/4/2012,18,66,3,8,2>I don't really have what you would call a "sweet tooth." I would call it more of a cake and cookie tooth. I really love cakes, baked goods and pastries and always have. Sadly, there aren't too many bakeries open these days, so when I found Off the Square Catering, I was thrilled. Although it is a catering business, they have baked goods, pastries and meals to go each day.Neely, the owner has catered several events at our work and she is now the only person I go to for cakes. THE ONLY. That should tell you something, folks. Yes, her food is wonderful (I recommend the bacon wrapped dates for a party and the shrimp and grits for dinner), but her cakes are amazing!! Her pastries, in general, are amazing. If you want to taste what angels probably eat, get her almond croissants. Or just get a cake.Let me just give you some insight to this cake situation. I want you to imagine a deliciously moist chocolate cake with icing that basically taste like whipped butter and sugar. That, my friends is her cakes. I also really enjoy her red velvet cakes.Seriously, if you are in need of a caterer or a delicious cake, you have to call Neely! Advice: get the chocolate cake with European icing. You will thank me later.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/2/2012,35,59,,5,4>Best hamburger in Memphis, hands down. Since we ate there last month, we've been trying to find a better hamburger and haven't come close. I'm reluctant to post this because I don't want the word getting out, but it's so good, I had to tell the world.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,4/1/2012,21,10,,6,4>I have been intending on going here for a while, heard good things from deputies... I arrive late morning, discuss the ammo required, got clean glasses, ear protection, safety checks all the while watching a group of well armed men target shooting some nice weapons ;)  They leave as I am ready, and I get in my lane, two away from a couple that had to be in their late 50's.  We exchanged knowing nods, compliments in between reloading, and changing targets out. I had a good experience over all.  I was happy I could qualify in targets with 9mm , and a 40 semi although my right shoulder is hard to hold while I empty the whole clip since an accident a year ago~The staff was knowledgeable, met the co-owner whom was very helpful.  It is an older place, well signed, eccentric, not all slick, and fancy. So I gave them four stars~They offer classes, and a variety of services from permits training, ladies only classes, rental, etc~  FYI  their website is under   top-brass.com... check 'em out if you feel the need for ripping holes in a bad guy picture target that they have a variety of   :)
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,3/31/2012,71,263,,9,6>I agree with both my fellow Yelper's, this place is definitely a welcomed addition to Collierville and as their business grows, so does their inventory of fresh fish, meat products and deli items.  This place is about as close to a real butcher as you'd find in NY.  I recently asked about sirloin steaks that they did not have on display and they went in the back and cut me two absolutely beautiful steaks.  You'll pay slightly more for their steaks than Kroger's but the quality is well worth the few extra bucks.  It's great to go into a place, get your meat or seafood and get out in just a few minutes.  Hate the lines and crowds of people when I have to go Kroger's or Costco.  Sometimes I just want to get in and out.  Another plus is they will "rotissorize" just about anything you want.  You can stop by or call them up and let them know what you want and they'll call you when it's ready for pickup.  Chicken, ribs, pork, fish or just about anything else you may want.  The service is excellent and the place is squeaky clean.  If they don't have something and can order it for you, just ask.  They soon will be selling crawfish also.  I've also tried their scallops which I have to say were just fantastic.  Very fresh and tasty.  Another item I recently purchased was their sweet potato casserole; went well with my sirloin steaks.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,3/30/2012,25,131,2,2,3>This place was BA! There were so many choices on the menu that I wanted to try but I ended up going with the special gyro on pita and it was scrumptious. The home fries were equally as delicious. The wife had the San Diegan opened faced omelet. It consisted of mushrooms, bacon, cheese, sour cream, home fries, and green onions. Of course I had to try it and it was pretty dang good as well. I'm pretty sure that this place has become our new favorite brunch spot in town.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,3/27/2012,144,165,4,6,6>So I was a little bored from office work one sunny day and decided to drive down Lamar for something different.  It's not hard to spot this place though the big rigs pose some threats up and down Lamar. It's adjacent to a Mexican grocery/convenient store with a big sign "Mike's" out front, next to Memphis Self(Mini) Storage, across from a small strip of motels. Upon entering, I couldn't help but smiling at the sight of colorful chairs in a spacious and bright dining room (Roberto N mentioned those chairs in his review). People south of border have a eye for bright colors, as I learned from movie Frida. So what I was the only Asian in the room (in a not-so-reputable neighborhood), I just had to eat here to take in the colors and vibes. There are so many items on their menu but I decided to stick with lunch specials (all under $7) this time. A safe bet for me would be Fajitas because it's basically like a stir-fried dish of sliced meat and vegetables, but I decided to think outside of Asia. I ordered Chilaquiles with green sauce, which according to menu is slow-cooked chicken tortillacasserule(what?) smothered with cheese and choice of green or red sauce, but when the waitress asked if I wanted steak or chicken, I said steak. In hindsight, I should have chosen chicken. Their green sauce was a bit tangy for my taste, and not as velvety as the ones I had in New Mexico. Oh yes, a trip to the enchanting state of New Mexico a couple years ago has instilled in me an appreciation for good chile sauce ( have you heard? Hatch, NM is the Chile Capitol of the World). Perhaps the hugh dollop of sour cream would have rounded up the tanginess a bit but I couldn't bring myself to eat much of the fattening stuff.The refried beans were smooth and fresh tasting, and I was stuffed before touching the rice, so stuffed that I forgot to check out their sizable display of Mexican bakery goods. I tried to strike a conversation with the old gentleman during checkout to find out more about his restaurant but unfortunately we failed to understand each other. Regardless, this is a place I will tell people about and will come back to share foods with friends and family.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,3/23/2012,3,22,5,4,3>It's always a good sign when a brand-new restaurant has hiccup-free service; Mulan does. It's another good sign when they understand their neighborhood: Mulan has a nice range of food at all price points. For instance, the lunch special is a great deal: soup, spring roll, and generous entree for $7.99, all fresh and good-quality. As a bonus, you don't have to be Asian to get the "secret" Asian menu. Everyone gets an extra menu with more authentic Chinese fare. If you're feeling adventurous, you can order something with enough tentacles to make a Klingon happy.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,3/22/2012,24,8,,9,3>I have to agree with the previous gentlemen. I have been going to this same barber since I moved to Memphis, back when it was called Lancaster's Barber Shop, and it was further up Summer Ave at a different location. When they moved, I moved with them. (Mr. Lancaster has since sold the shop, but still works there as one of the barbers.)When you leave there, you feel like a new man! It's a wonderful place to get your hair cut.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,3/20/2012,3,10,,3,4>It doesn't look like much on the outside, but once you get inside the atmosphere is very welcoming. Very casual coffee house feeling and a place I could see myself frequenting if I lived downtown. As I went on a Saturday morning, it was quite busy. We had to wait to be seated for maybe 15 minutes, but the waitress brought coffee and drinks almost immediately. (Apparently Mississippi Mud brand coffee is delicious.) I ordered the breakfast casserole (which they only have so much of,  I got the last piece for the day) and a side of hash browns. The casserole was DELICIOUS and it came with a biscuit, that wasn't too great (but there were other options of toast instead of the biscuit. There were a lot of menu options: omelets, pancakes, french toast, eggs your way, etc. My only complaint would be that the service was slow, but like I said Saturday morning probably isn't the best time to expect fast service. BUT everyone was friendly  and really good.  OH and really large portions. I was stuffed and didn't even finish.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,7/12/2014,103,128,6,8,5>Congratulations!  You're researching the finest restaurant in Memphis!  Not only that, but consistently one of the top 100 restaurants in all of these United States of America.  Make your reservation well in advance, as weekends book up 6-8 weeks ahead.You cannot go wrong here.  There is no wrong order.  Trust the menu exactly as it is written.  Every tiny nuance, drop of aioli, or microgreen is absolutely intentional and deliberate to complement the food on your plate.  The four or five dining rooms are small, as the building was formerly a residence (before it began its career as a fine dining restaurant, 20something years ago).  Ask for the copper room, for a warmer, sexier dining experience.  Anniversaries and birthdays are celebrated with a rose and curled ribbon on your table, and menus rolled up and tied to take home as mementos.  (Let's take an ADD break here to remind everyone the difference between a memento- something to remember your experience, and a "momento"- the Spanish word for moment.)  I've been to Restaurant Iris three or four times now, and each time I covet what someone else has.  The good news is, the portions of rich foods such as foie gras are size-controlled, so you can't eat too much of it.  I typically have the duck, which has never disappointed me here.  Moulard duck is a hybrid of a Muscovy and Peking duck.  It looks something like Ping, and tastes like heaven.Also noteworthy is the stuffed steak with fried oysters and melty blue cheese hollandaise.  Nom nommy!  The desserts are fine, nothing spectacular yet, aside from a great bread pudding.  I'd rather have another cocktail or glass of wine instead.Caveat: If Applebee's is your idea of the bee's knees, skip Iris and go to Bar Louie or Bosco's Squared.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,7/11/2014,143,65,1,11,4>I'm going to write a review on this place just based on 4 dishes that they have here. I'm not going to review their American-Chinese items... cause that's not why you ask a Taiwanese man why he likes a certain Taiwanese-Chinese restaurant...1. Shrimp Rolls2. Braised Pork Rice3. Boneless Flank Noodle Soup4. Chicken with BasilSo let's start with the appetizers... Shrimp rolls... Frigging awesome... next!Oh dear, the ridiculously unhealthy braised pork rice... Just so you know, braised pork is essentially bacon. If I name this bacon and rice, you can probably get the picture. The bacon is cut in a bites not in slices. They also top it with a braised egg! This is really authentic, and you would taste awesome in every bite. I just can't have it as often as I want! Why must you tempt me, Panda!!!The Boneless Flank Noodle Soup is done a very Taiwanese way. The owner being Taiwanese and all, I thank him for staying true! All I need extra is pickled vegetables and it'll be like I'm back in Taiwan!And the chicken with basil is also a traditional Taiwanese dish, but it's also a little bit on the greasy side, so I don't have it often as well.A major criticism I'll have for Royal Panda is I wish that they print out a new menu. Majority of the items on the authentic menu pages are discontinued due to a low number of people asking for them... so sad...There are a little bit more traditional vegetable dishes and American-Chinese dishes that other Chinese or Taiwanese folks would enjoy, but I'm just listing my 4 favorite comfort meal/dishes here.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,7/10/2014,41,99,5,8,7>This place has a great location and a wonderful outdoor seating bar. We went the day it was built and had a great time sitting on the patio listening to the live Music on Wednesday night in the circle. Being new from Memphis, this was a great find for us. I didn't try too much of the food, but the service was great. We also met the owner and he was very nice.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,7/9/2014,4,25,,6,3>BBQ preferences are highly personal - I'm a certified MBN BBQ judge and I get that.  My personal preference for ribs is The Cozy Corner, hands down!  And you can't pass on the smoked BBQ Cornish hens either...first rate smoked sausage and baloney sandwiches too...only thing I don't like about this place is having to decide what to eat!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,7/8/2014,98,313,6,6,3>Great facilities and friendly staff! I've been here 4 times since I'm still a newbie, but I'm really impressed with the setup. First off, if you're a new student, you can get 30 consecutive days for $30--but you can only go to one class per day. Sign me up! That's a great deal--I'm glad they do it for new students to get them to keep coming back. This way you could try out several classes/instructors and see what suits you. The sign up process is really easy through their online portal. I've also downloaded their super easy-to-use app to sign up on my phone and keep up with my schedule. They have large restrooms if you'd like to change at the studio. And they have plenty of yoga props like straps, blocks, bolsters, sandbags, etc. Bring your own mat, otherwise you'll have to rent one. And they have a small gift shop if you're lacking anything...of course it is expensive. They end every session with at least 10 minutes of rest--and the instructor will come by with a hot towel to put over your eyes and hot stones to massage your neck. Nice touch, but you can always refuse it if it's not your style.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,7/7/2014,33,89,1,6,2>I love donuts. And I love eating at local places. Especially when they have great food, fresh coffee, and incredibly friendly employees, all in a convenient location for ridiculously low prices. Memphis Donuts is in a really convenient location for those of us who travel on Poplar, especially from Midtown to the University District. When I was there the last time I got a GIANT chocolate frosted twist donut, a chocolate frosted glazed donut, and a maple bacon donut. All of them were good (although my bacon could have been a little crispier) and the chocolate frosted twist was one of the best donuts I've eaten in my life. All of that was $3.07. A cup of coffee (Community Coffee - you pour it yourself) would have been $1.29, and they have a large cooler case with iced coffee drinks, juices, milk, and sodas. They also have frozen coffees and coffee drinks but I didn't try any (but I'll be back!). They do have a $3 minimum for credit card purchases, but it's easy to gorge yourself in order to spend that much. They also have some amazing looking non-donut pastries.There's a small sitting area inside and the store is super clean. Kind of plan, but it's breakfast - I can't be the only person too groggy to care at 7 am?Maybe most importantly the ladies who run it are the nicest people. Asked me about my day, made small talk, and were just super on top of things and nice. Definitely going back, and will definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a breakfast fix in Memphis!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/6/2014,31,71,2,3,3>I had an awesome time at this event, the restaurant samples were yummy and added some new places to my "To Eat" list. The band was great and for all proceeds to benefit The Special Olympics was amazing.  The best thing about the night though was the venue. What a beautiful space the Center for Southern Folklore is! I am just waiting for the opportunity to have an event there! The eclectic display of history and art simple blew me away...It may seem a little lame (and maybe I missed it because I was late due to the torrential storms) but I would recommend something to get the conversation going with people you don't know. It seemed like many people were in their own groups of friends so meeting new people was a little awkward/ challenging for me.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/5/2014,54,249,,6,4>The best culinary find in Memphis. Completely unexpected location--in a strip mall somewhere on Shelby between Kirby and Riverdale--yet quite possibly the best deal outside the 240 loop in Memphis. All the specialty sandwiches are excellent and unique. I don't get why so many deli-style places limit themselves to cold cuts. The Chilean, Philly, and Gyro here are all on point and as delicious as the other reviews make them out to be. The chips are addictive and taste like they were made with actual potatoes. Love the seasoning on them too. Best of all, service is nice, they encourage you to call in your orders (recommended as they do cook them there and it can take a bit), and the prices are excellent.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/4/2014,14,27,,5,2>I'm not the kind of person to give away 5 stars just like that but we just stumbled upon this new place by accident and holy cow! Are these cakes good! This town was crying for a decent bakery (sorry but Muddy's is mediocre at best). Yay for taste! Boo for my new year's diet!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,7/3/2014,75,160,,4,4>I absolutely guarantee you will never find a better seamstress. She is top of the line and can work miracles.  I have almost everything I wear altered because having a perfectly fitted outfit can make anyone look amazing. If I could give 10 stars Alicia would get them. The only set-back is her turnaround time is slow because she is so good.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/28/2012,18,118,1,5,2>What a find.  I was glad to stumble upon Hog & Hominy yesterday while searching for a lunch spot in East Memphis.  We expected to hit Bangkok Alley, but they were closed for lunch.  Our chagrin quickly turned to curiosity at the cool looking little spot right down the street.  Hog & Hominy has one of the most uplifting restaurant atmospheres in Memphis.  I felt like I was in a quaint vacation town at the beach or in the mountains.  Our server was excellent as well.  One complaint - the $6 collard portion was miserly.  I could finish that portion in three bites.  If you're going to make such delicious collards, at least give me enough to enjoy!  That's my only complaint though - I think the portions could be a little stronger for the price paid.  The lamb/beef hot dog was amazing.  Never had a hot dog with lamb before - it made for a nice taste.  Oh and the peanut butter pie is about the most heavenly thing you can put in your mouth.I plan on returning to Hog & Hominy quite a bit if my first experience is indicative of future experiences.  I hope to change my rating to a 5 if all the other goodness of the restaurant rubs away my value-seeking madness.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,9/26/2012,2572,527,4,11,3>If you live in Highpoint Terrace, ride your bike over to Cheffie's! I love this neighborhood restaurant that is right off the green line.The atmosphere is great with exposed brick and a cement floor. There isn't waiter service. Instead you walk through a cafeteria line, which can be confusing your first time. The seating is also cafeteria style, so you're sitting with strangers (don't worry, it's fun not awkward). Try any of the salads; they are huge and amazing!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/25/2012,20,188,,5,5>Warning: This place will spoil you for all other fried chicken joints.Gus's honestly has the best fried chicken you will ever eat. It's just spicy enough but isn't overwhelming. They have both fried chicken (on the bone) and chicken tenders. Both are good but you have to go for the original on the bone. It's perfectly moist and juicy and the skin is nice and crispy. If you get a meal, it comes with slaw and beans as well. I always get the fries instead of slaw; the fries are crispy and spicy too. The beans are nice, just a little sweet but not too much. A great accompaniment to the chicken. Another side worth trying is the fried rice, it's a little spicy and very good. The desserts (if you have room!) are great and are homemade. The chess pie is wonderful and perfectly made.The only option for parking is on the street, but you'll be safe. There's no time restrictions for parking on the street either. If it's busy, don't worry, the turnover is pretty fast in there and you probably won't have to wait long - certainly less than you would elsewhere.Gus's has been written up in many magazines and mentioned on food shows as being the best fried chicken place in the country, and it's no exaggeration. If you're in Memphis you're in for a real treat if you check them out.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,9/24/2012,36,117,2,5,3>I don't want to write this review for two reasons... first, Natilee is going to read it and give me a hard time, second, us "regulars" will continue having a harder and harder time getting in here.  Okay... so, why four stars and not five, as I need to defend this vigorously and rigorously for the regulars?  I'll get right up front about this... managing parking is a bit of a pain... no weekend appointments... no online scheduling (yes, that is actually a con these days)... interior decorating is not a priority, and likely not second or third on the list... no other payment form but cash or check.Now to the haters and doubters... why four stars to a one woman show in the cons of what is above?  Price, less than you think, trust me, so much less that you'll have a hard time doing math for the next 20 minutes on whether you knew how to tip her... conversation is generally hilarious... a "I don't do women's hair anymore" policy means you and the rest of the clients are good to go... the ability to adjust to the situation of "I have a case tomorrow", or "I have a wedding this weekend" where you don't want the normal higher/tighter but you want it to look naturally sharp... Elvis and Steve... the fact that I have to go down an alley in a city to go to a secret haircut location... her ridiculous cell phone ringtone... did I mention the price?  Look, you want a head massage, don't come here... you want a great haircut for a barber shop price, then call up, get in line, and bring some cash.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,9/23/2012,8,81,,3,2>Honestly, I'm not a fan of BBQ, but my brother and my boyfriend both are.  So, when New Year's Eve rolled around, I promised to take them here.  This is good BBQ... really good. Like the kind that actually makes me like eating it, good.The best part was that, for all the stuff we ordered, it was incredibly cheap.  So, if I can say anything for this place, it was worth the twenty-five minute drive to get there.  In fact, I don't think I'd mind going back sometime...
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,9/22/2012,13,27,2,4,3>I walked by Next Door one afternoon after eating in the Cooper-Young neighborhood.  On the menu posted outside, among other things was listed "Jar of Pickles" and "Jar of Olives."  At that point I knew it was my destiny to go there. I went back later on that month, only to be disappointed that the "Jars of..." were now off of the menu, but I was pleasantly pleased (OK, over-the-top excited) that the had some high gravity beers on tap.  Andygator being on of my favorites.  Then looking at the menu, I saw such items as a fried egg sandwich (which I've had - yum) as well as the oysters on the half shell (which Ive had as well - yum) and a hamburger (with pimento cheese and avocado) that a friend of mine swears is "magical".They have a small patio on which a friend of mine and I spent several hours holding court on a busy Friday night.  Every dish I see come out looks more amazing than the last.  I've seen the bartender make drinks such as a Watermelon Mojito, yep, with real watermelon. So what I would say is, if you are looking for an alternative to a Bosco's or a Celtic Crossing this is a nice, grown-up bar, with nice, grown-up (way) better than average, creative food.  And, the folks who work at Next Door are nice and grown-up too.  Go try it out.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,9/21/2012,27,82,5,10,6>Las Tortugas would get five stars from me just for the tongue-lashing Pepe gave my fiancee for asking for cheese on her tacos. This place takes their authenticity very seriously, to the point where they don't allow you to add anything to any of their dishes. It's almost militant - like they're morally opposed to Tex-Mex and exist almost solely in protest of its proliferation. If you haven't been and you're not sure what I mean, go read the signs on the walls - but only if you're not from California or Texas and overly sensitive about the culinary reputation of your home state. Those two states are the source of all evil in Las Tortugas.Anyway, Pepe was actually very jolly and assured us that we would love our food. He explained that he was from Mexico City and that he made a conscious effort to present fresh Mexican food as it is actually served in Mexico, and that he didn't serve things like burritos or cheese dip or allow people to add toppings because he wants his customers to experience an actual meal like those in his hometown. I can respect that he has such admiration for his local cuisine that he takes the presentation of it so seriously and has built an entire restaurant as a monument to it. He was tickled when I ordered the chorizo tortuga and couldn't stress enough how much I was going to love it.And man, did I ever. Everything tasted very fresh - the requisite avocado in particular was especially appreciated - and the chorizo was plenty spicy without even the slightest hint of grease. It was served with a small pile of chips and the heralded green avocado salsa, which reinvented salsa for me. It had kick, but the actual flavor of it still came through. We couldn't get enough of it. As salsas go, it's masterful. She loved her chicken tacos and, although she ended up slipping a bit of queso fundido in them, she agreed that they were very tasty on their own.It is pricy, especially considering that the portions aren't huge, but not prohibitively so. It was very crowded when we were there too, but the acoustics were good and we could still have a normal-volume conversation over our lunch.My favorite sign in the place said something along the lines of the following: "We are not open to the public. We only serve family and friends." I wish I had more friends that could make a meal like Las Tortugas does. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,9/20/2012,47,110,2,8,4>I'm trying to think of a reason to hate this place.  About the best I can do is that it's a 25-minute drive to get there from the homestead.Humble, true-to-itself, no-nonsense, delicious.Forget how strange the hybrid snow-cone-soft serve Supreme may sound.  Spend the $3.75 and get one.Jerry's is another reason for Memphis-lovers to love Memphis.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,9/19/2012,83,237,,9,5>Hip, new trendy bar/eatery in Cooper - YoungLoved the sophisticated atmosphere!I had the Hot Pepper Jelly Glazed Chicken Wings with Cheddar and Bacon Cornbread  & Roasted Asparagus with Romesco Sauce  - both delicious! The pepper in the hot wings has just a mild kick to it, not scorching hot, which is a good thing for me.Courtesy of a friend got to taste the Denver Lamb Ribs with Tzatziki Sauce  and Brussel Sprouts with Bacon, Pistachios and Granny Smith Apples and all I can say is I'll be getting them the next time I visit. Get the cheesecake trio - you'll love it!I think the valet parking is overkill but obviously a lot of people use it.This place is a winner and I hope it is around for a long time!
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,9/18/2012,275,277,,3,3>My sister, niece and great niece and nephew are visiting in a few months. Prior to my knee surgery I was more limited in walking. I checked out the spring sale and then went around the grounds. Many ladies in wild hats. I think my niece will love the children's area. I have taken her to the Huntington in San Marino when I lived there and the Japanese gardens near our former home in Los Gatos. Gardens like these make great pictures and instill a love for flowers and plants if not gardening. Both families still live in rural SE Ohio. My father was a landscaper for over 50 years. We were taken to gardens in Australia growing up and love the exotics in Hawaii especially in Honolulu and Kauai.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,6/27/2013,105,145,1,6,5>You know you have a slight problem when friends come up to you and say "Hey, Ed, I have a great dive for you to try." On Saturday, May 11, 2013, my good friend Jonathan described what he only knew as a Mexican dive on Cherry Road. I pulled up Yelp. We zoomed the map into the location. Nothing. No hits. No flags. No reviews. Total darkness. This was what I have been waiting for. A FIRST REVIEW!In minutes, I was in my car, navigating through East Memphis and winding my way down Park, then down Cherry, toward a mysterious "shopping center." Not knowing what to expect, I was only looking for what I assumed was a taqueria, and I found it hidden behind a gas station, just beyond the curve in the road on Cherry south of Quince. The window was decorated with gigantic pigs, one in a purple dress. I stepped inside. The suspense. The excitement.Inside were six tables, all with four chairs. There is a large eat-at bar, with around 10 bar chairs. There is one stove, one refrigerator, one makeshift table, and a huge sink and dish washing area. There is a prep counter. There is one cook. One helper. And an apron hanging up with a Spiderman proudly affixed to the front. I love this place.Within seconds I took a seat at the bar. "What is your specialty?" I asked. This is my norm. I want to eat what people like to cook and serve. "Tacos," said the friendly helper, who I learned is named Claudia and is the daughter to Chef Patricia. Patricia cooks 5 days a week. Her husband, on his one day off, cooks on Sundays to give her the day off. Taqueria Reyes is closed Mondays.For 6 days a week, it serves up authentic Mexican food, e.g. tortas, tacos, enchiladas, etc. I tried a sampling of tacos, taking a few back to Jonathan for his opinion. The taco asada is, per Claudia, their specialty. When I ordered 3 of these, plus 1 chorizo and 2 carnitas, to go, Patricia calmly walked to the large stove and started cooking. Everything was cooked fresh when I ordered it. The tacos were placed on the griddle. The meats were sizzling and smelling like a dream. I was happily enjoying a bottle of Coca Cola (with REAL sugar in it). The smells were mesmerizing, and I was enjoying eavesdropping on the small talk with regulars sitting at the food bar or walking in to order.Claudia explained Taqueria Reyes had been open for 3 years last November.  I am sad no one has reviewed Taqueria Reyes in 3 years. Memphis is missing out. These tacos were delicious. The tacos were soft, and warm, from the griddle. The meat was flavorful, and cooked with enough season to pack a punch. Topped with cilantro, onions, and freshly cut radish (at my request), I was presented with the important question: red sauce or green?The red, per Claudia, is made with habaneros and "is hot." After tasting it, I thoroughly agree. Their red sauce is not for the weak. It is strong, packs front heat and more heat on the back side. A little goes a long way. I love it. The green, explained Claudia, is made with jalapeno and tomatillo. It is "mild." it is a perfect compliment to the red. I enjoyed one taco de asada with both green and red sauce. I used green only on the chorizo, which was spicy enough on its own. I used red only on the pork, which both Jonathan and I agreed was the best.Dear Memphis, allow me to introduce this fabulous taqueria to you. I recommend you all find it, enjoy it, and patronize it. If you are lucky, you may even see Claudia's little boy wearing his Spiderman apron serving freshly cooked food with a smile.FIVE STARS.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/26/2013,79,188,6,8,3>Love it love it love it love it love it.I have never been so intrigued and delighted by interior design. Mollie Fontaine Lounge hit every note on key; the bright colors, the sensual furniture, the feeling. I was in artistic heaven. The food was delightful. Not to pricey for what you get. I had the cheese plate and my friends had the olives and the macaroni and cheese. All of them were thoroughly enjoyed. Especially that cheese plate with the pecans; sooo good.The best tip I can give to other yelpers is this: If you like to work on cars more than paint portraits, if you like to watch football more than you like to watch ballet, if you don't understand the proper placement of a zebra skin rug and a bright pink chair, you won't find what you're looking for here.But if you delight in nuance and adore the marriage of feng shui and rock and roll, do not miss out on Mollie Fontaine!!! It is EASILY the most beautiful bar in Memphis, and would be just as popular (if not more so) in New York City or Los Angeles. This place should be an example to all other hip establishments. This is how you do it RIGHT!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/25/2013,100,106,5,5,4>Really? I haven't reviewed this place? Have I been under a rock?I've been eating at Super Submarine Shop (aka Chinese Sub Shop) since I was in grade school. In fact, the pictures on the wall are the sames ones hanging there since I was 5. However, I failed to appreciate this place for what it is until I was at least 21. This place is: CheapOldBehind the times (cash only)Seemingly Dirty (not in the kitchen, or at least the prep area, as far as I can see)Deliciousand.... a place I'm going to miss deeply when it's gone. Despite the old, behind the times, and seemingly dirty comments, this is definitely my favorite place to get a sandwich in Memphis. The secret is in the bread. I don't know where they get, or if they make it themselves- and I don't care. It's amazing. They definitely have the best tuna salad I've ever tasted in my life. And for some reason, the old school Golden Flake cheese puffs compliment that sandwich like peanut better to jelly. I've never ordered from their Chinese menu, so I can't give my opinion there. Why four stars and not five? I wish they took plastic. And, I also wish they were friendlier. I'm always afraid to ask for anything additional I may need. Maybe it's extra napkins, maybe it's a to-go bag - the staff kinda scares me. They are all business. Moral of the story, get what you need as soon as you order. Sit down, eat, shut up, and enjoy. Oh, and P.S. - get the soft bread!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,6/24/2013,83,237,3,3,2>05-08-13; Stopped here for a company lunch as a sendoff celebration for a departing co-worker. Been here many times and have always found the food and service great!I know this may seem petty, but I like the fact the place is bright (during the day) from the sunlight that pours through the massive glass windows at the front of the restaurant. So many Mexican places are dark - why is that?Had the Fajita [Chicken] Taco Salad with no Guacamole. Just can't get with the green stuff! The salad was delicious and filling. Their menu is vast so you'll more than  likely find whatever you're looking for in Mexican Cuisine and more.Very popular spot and highly recommended.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/22/2013,18,118,5,6,4>3 Angels is one of the best spots for unique vegetable dishes in Memphis.  If it was a little closer to home I would be a frequent visitor.  Some will find the location a bit, well, off the beaten path.  I kind of like the mild ghetto experience.  It's different.  It's weird.  I like 3 Angels' weirdness, but it's not for everybody.  Don't get me wrong, the clientele wouldn't qualify as ghetto; it's just that the area makes Overton Square or Cooper-Young feel warm and fuzzy.  If you like good meat and vegetables in a slightly granola atmosphere, give 3 Angels a shot.  I'll certainly be back.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,6/21/2013,98,357,,4,2>Great Sunday brunch! We came in like a couple mystery diners, complaining about our wobbly table, spilling water everywhere, generally being a pain. They were super nice and handled us professionally yet still friendly and laid back. We had Andouille Sausage-n-Grits and the South Main Scramble. Both our dishes were hits with us!  Both were well cooked with quality ingredients and came on hot plates to keep the food hot! Such and easy thing that very few places do. The kitchen has a big window so you can watch the chefs in action. We had mimosas and noticed that regulars where bringing in there own drinks. We will do the same next time, and there definitely will be a next time! This was a very enjoyable Sunday brunch and I would recommend it to anybody!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,6/20/2013,897,149,4,5,4>Our first visit.  They told us they are closing as of July 26, 2013.  We had fried mozzarella = delicious!  I had tomato basil soup and my wife had a side salad - both were good.  Our muffuletta panini was good but not over the top.  The outstanding part of our meal was the tomato sauce served with the fried cheese - fresh and perfectly balanced.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,6/19/2013,21,37,,2,2>I have only been to Jasmine for lunch. I have peeked at the dinner menu and can understand some comments about it being overpriced. The lunch menu is quite a deal though: you get a spring roll, cup of soup, and a modest lunch portioned entree for under $10. The food is good. It's not my FAVORITE Thai food ever, but it's always good. You can get anything with or without meat. Everything is packed with flavor and always seems fresh. I also kind of love this place for it's quirkiness. It's a little house, very limited seating, and I have been there many times and am always greeted, seated, served, and checked-out by that one guy. At times service can be slower than I'd like at lunch, but he is so friendly and welcoming - I just let that go. Jasmine has a real cozy family feeling to me. It's kind of comforting :)
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,6/18/2013,3,10,,2,1>Sean's is centrally  located on Union Ave just one block west of Belevedere and is been reinventing itself for decades. Once was a 7-11 convenience store, turned into a cheep cigs and beer, later evolving into a Palestinian/ Mediterranean style restaurant that rents a bit of space to a vegan chef. Later the owner acquired a Smooth Moves franchise. While the food is by far the most authentic and tasty of all of the Mediterranean style haunts in the area... it is all of  what the other reviewers say. And in their lies it's character.  Kinda like eating oysters in an old gas station in Florida, this place is not especially clean, the help is known to be grimacing to rude even when no one else is in line, and it is neither well lite nor decorated. THAT being said, it is well worth the trip. The swarma and the falafel are to die for! The hummus,Taziki, and babaganou is irresponsibly delicious. They get fresh pita delivered mostly daily,  and the food is cooked fresh to order- which means it takes a little time to receive your food . So, I always tell people if they wanna try what I am talking about please come hungry, Tip the jar at the time you place your order to insure a happier experience, and expect a delicious meal cooked to order!!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,6/17/2013,49,41,,2,3>My name is Amanda, and I am addicted to frozen yogurt.Okay, now that we've got THAT out of the way, I must say that Yolo (the midtown location in particular) is my favorite froyo spot. The flavors are consistently good, and  there are always one or two dairy-free options (which makes me feel less guilty when I drag lactose-intolerant friends to get yogurt). Many of the toppings are local, from places like Delta Pecan Orchard, Dinstuhl's, Makeda's Butter Cookies, and more that I'm probably forgetting. Also, another thing I love about Yolo is that their sample cups are accessible without asking an employee for them. It's always awkward standing in line for a couple of sample cups (or maybe that's just the little insecure fat girl inside of me). If yogurt with a bunch of toppings isn't your thing, they also have gelato. I have only had the mascarpone flavor, which was delicious. Mascarpone is the type of cheese used to make tiramisu, by the way. :)Plus, they don't have the horrendous purple and green color scheme that Yogurt Mountain does. What more could you ask for? If you like local stuff and yogurt/gelato/yummy treats, visit Yolo.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,10/9/2012,21,35,2,4,2>My 7 friends and I had the pleasure of dining at Rizzo's for the first time last Saturday night. We made a reservation in advance and had no wait for our table. Our server was very nice and helpful. He was also very efficient, as we only had 2 hours to eat and get to our next destination.  I had the veggie plate, that consisted of palenta, hummus and ricotta cheese, for an appetizer. it was delicious. Everyone else in the group had the lobster pup and could not stop talking about it. For dinner I had the chicken tacos. They were very flavorful and filling. We brought our wine with us since currently they do not have their liquor license. Our server provide a container for us to keep it cold. We all had a lovely experience and can't wait to go back. I highly recommend eating here.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,10/8/2012,27,93,2,2,2>Johnny G's is my go-to place for food when on Beale street. It is one of the better options in the area, especially if you're burnt out on BBQ (side note: my husband is on a BBQ team, so yes, it happens sometimes).I'm usually not a big crawfish fan, but Johnny G's has some good fried mud bugs. I love their fried shrimp and the potato salad. The gumbo I had last time was pretty good, although I wanted more of their andouille sausage... It's delicious. Someday, I WILL try the fried strawberries, but I'm usually too full to get there.Service is sometimes questionable here, but I feel like if you're on Beale street, you're already at a toss-up for good service. Without a doubt, everyone is always friendly though. It's a tiny place, so seating is sometimes limited. Last time I was here, I found out they no longer serve bottled beer, so keep that in mind. It's a good little creole place, go check it out.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,10/7/2012,123,514,,5,2>The bowling shoes were comfy...which is something that doesn't happen often.Lots of lanes and a decent price. While it is bowling alley food they offer lots of different options...and BEER!You don't have to stop bowling to wait for your food either. Give them your lane number and when it's ready it comes up on your board.I can't remember how to keep score so it's nice to have the computer do it for me.A fun evening with family or friends.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,10/6/2012,21,37,,4,2>Local is a great lunch spot for me. I'd love to hit the bar at night, but don't usually travel downtown for going out. Needless to say, I'm excited about Local coming together in Overton Square. They have some really creative house cocktails I would love to try! I have browsed the cocktail menu, and I get excited about the possibility of basil and balsalmic vineagar in my drinks!!! After going home from working downtown, I just don't seem to get down there for nightlife enough. I need to make an effort to at least hit happy hour after work someday.The food here is really good everytime. From fish & chips to fresh (HUGE) salads. I have never been disappointed.  I would be a more frequent lunch customer if they had a lower-priced lunch menu. Smaller portions would be acceptable to accomodate this for me. Perfect example - Baja salad with shrimp skewer is an AMAZING salad. For $3-$4 less, I'd be satisfied with half the portion size. This will always be a place I hit for lunch occasionally, but the lack of lower price options prevents me from being a regular.I can't wrap this up without mentioning that I always have wonderful, very friendly service at Local!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,10/5/2012,25,107,3,7,2>There's no way I can try to throw in some pseudo-Jamaican-accent-sounding lingo without going all Michael Scott, so I'll just compliment Evelyn & Olive on their inexpensive, well-seasoned, and well-prepared food with super-friendly service. I had the Kingston Stew Fish (blackened tilapia, tomato, onions and peppers, with a side of peas and rice), which had a welcome spicy kick, as well as the fried green tomatoes with "Boom" sauce (creamy and also spicy--yowza!) and bread pudding (good bread pudding texture, with a little more cinnamon than average). The ginger beer was, well, very gingery, but sufficiently sweet. Yum!As others have noted, the menu is not massive, but if the other dishes are as tasty as the stew fish, then I'll have plenty of reasons to return; plus, the menu contains a small but varied selection of vegetarian (and, since most of them include no dairy, I assume vegan) dishes, which puts it on the short list for the seasonal liturgical fasts (and really any other time as well).
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,10/4/2012,88,77,3,6,3>Easter brunch with a large party (13) of family.This was our first time at the new location and we have fond memories of the old place on Shelby Oaks. The service was excellent and so was the food. I had the pecan-crusted catfish, which was rich and delicious. Others in our party enjoyed the shrimp and grits and Jim had the soufflima, with tender pork over rice with a Greek tomato sauce. He loved the dish. The atmosphere is bright and attractive, with a nice-looking bar. Great place Easter brunch - we'll probably be back for dinner sometime!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,10/3/2012,59,4,,5,3>Great deli sandwiches.Great beer selection.Many products are slightly overpriced, but it's not a corporate grocery strore. Their products, many of which are locally produced - like herbs, Ugly Mug coffee, local honey & goat cheese - are high quality. Their staff is also super friendly and helpful.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2012,10/2/2012,49,41,5,5,4>Okay, since everyone here has discussed the burrito bowls, fish tacos, and other fancy dishes, I feel the need to cover my meal of choice here.You see, I come from humble beginnings. I'm trying to sound fancy here, but what I'm really trying to say is that I was the pickiest eater growing up and whenever I went to Mexican-style places, I ALWAYS got a cheese quesadilla. Nothing else. Now, I've become much more flexible over the years, but despite this, I will ALWAYS order the adult-sized cheese quesadillas from Swanky's. Why be so simple, you ask? Well, these otherwise plain quesadillas come with a side of delicious garlic ranch-esque sauce that will blow your mind. Even if you don't get the cheese quesadillas, please get this sauce on the side. It will make your lunch/dinner a spiritual experience. Oh, and little side notes. Don't come here expecting authentic Mexican food; it markets itself as "Tex-Mex" and it certainly fits this label. The service has always been good, and I've been a customer for yars. The line may be long, but 90% of the time, it moves very fast. Even if it doesn't, Swanky's food is certainly worth the wait.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,10/1/2012,29,18,4,5,6>Muddy's is one of my favorite places in Memphis. ...Oh, is that not enough for a review? Okay, I'll keep going. I've been going there for years now, since a couple months after they opened and it will forever be my favorite dessert place. I actually had Muddy's at my wedding!  It's my favorite dessert place in the city and where I go for special occasions or to cheer up a super bad day.All the desserts are delicious, the combinations are fun, the people who own it and work there are amazing, the decor inside is adorable. There is so, so much to love about Muddy's. The cupcakes are the star though as they taste great and have the perfect cake to frosting ratio. They don't exactly cater but you can make large orders to be picked up for special events. I ordered a strawberry fields forever cake (my fav!) which wasn't exactly in season for my wedding but it was my favorite and no problem for Muddy's. The cake and cupcakes we had at our wedding were a hit with everyone. Some notes: There is usually a line so be prepared to wait. There is hardly any seating inside or outside so you also might not get a place to sit. It usually doesn't bother me because I always get cupcakes to go but you might have trouble sitting and enjoying a cupcake depending on time of day.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,9/30/2012,100,106,,5,2>Guess what - Skunx delivers! And it's delicious!!! Skunx closed for a while to make some interior improvements- I have no idea what the inside looks like now, but I know the pizza is the bomb. Even my kids agree. It's been bumped up to everyone's favorite in my house. We've ordered two weekends in a row, and even tried to go to lunch there on Saturday. Apparently while they're working on all of their licenses, they are only open for dinner. Midtowners, eat some pizza here. You won't be disappointed. Oh, and if you have a sweet tooth - try the blueberry cheesecake.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,7/13/2012,13,27,,5,3>Hands down best pho in Memphis. The spring rolls are wonderfully flavorful. The vermicelli is amazing (my fav-combo #78) all the soups are great. I like the shrimp and pork. They might try boosting the pork and the shrimp content however. The same for the sliced beef soup, great flavor, just try adding a little more protein. The service can be inconsistent at times, but it's usually just fine. This place is killer for midtown people watching. Go, enjoy, have a few glasses of sweet tea!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,7/12/2012,275,277,4,10,3>This strip mall restaurant located between Dress Barn and Honey Baked Ham has many five star reviews so I could not wait to try it out. I was previously married to an Indian doctor and cooked for a group of his lonely male friends every night for years. Apparently this cooking skill did not go unnoticed as I received 17 marriage proposals from his friends when he went back to Himachal Pradesh to teach. I curried everything and could even make complex, time consuming desserts that most Indian women buy like we do chocolates. Three hours for burfi, no problem!The buffet is small but includes a salad, dessert, and entree selection. The lamb meatballs are a half ounce and no longer on my diet but smelled wonderful. There is a selection of mostly chicken and vegetarian entrees. When an Indian restaurant lists nuts on the buffet it normally means cashews which I am allergic to. Desserts are more apt to have almonds. The buffet is $8.95 during the week and comes with a basket of heavenly fragrant garlic naan laden with parsley. I could eat them as my meal alone!Service is fine but all the entrees lacked the subtle spicing as well as heat that I enjoy. For Memphis tastes this is fine but it would not work in the Bay Area where many Indians work for Yahoo, Google, Facebook, Ebay, Netflix, and other tech companies. They prefer extremely spicy entrees, naan, puris and paranthas on the buffet line and a greater variety of everything.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,7/11/2012,53,67,,11,3>Recently, I was able to knock a prominent entry from my to-do list when I went to Andrew Michael Italian Kitchen with my husband and a good friend.Andrew Michael Italian Kitchen is the brainchild of Andrew Ticer and Michael Hudman, childhood friends and lifelong culinarians. After culinary school and various internships, they returned home to Memphis to create the restaurant of their dreams.That restaurant serves savvy Italian fare: perfectly prepared meats, handmade pastas and sauces crafted from family traditions.When you visit Andrew Michael (and you definitely should), be adventurous and think outside the box. You won't regret it.We sampled several appetizers, starting with the A/M salad.As far as salads go, this one was quite tasty. Greens were lightly dressed with a shallot vinaigrette and balsamic reduction with a dollop of buffalo mozzarella and tomato confit. I wish it had more tomato and mozzarella, but otherwise, it was delicious. We also had the truffled chicken livers with crostini. I'm not a chicken liver fan, but this version had white wine and garlic which definitely improved the flavor. My husband loved them and claimed that it was the best chicken liver dish he'd ever had. Our next dish was rabbit, which included the white and dark meat, rabbit terrine and morels in a light cream sauce.I had a bite of the white meat and thought, "wow, that's tasty." But when I tasted the dark meat, I was floored. It was absolutely delicious - well-cooked and expertly seasoned. We also ordered the A/M BreakfastYummy is the only word to describe this dish. A pile of creamy polenta topped with barbecued pork belly, poached egg and housemade pork rinds. I broke the egg open, mixed it with the polenta and then ate spoonfuls of the mixture with small bites of the pork belly. I tried to make it last as long as possible and savor every bite. It was truly extraordinary.The only (slight) disappointment of the night was the gnocchi with gorgonzola creamThis appetizer-sized portion of pasta was very tasty. The creaminess of the sauce was offset by the balsamic reduction, and the flavors were very well-balanced. However, the texture of the gnocchi had slid passed soft and pillowy and into the mushy category. It didn't stop us from cleaning the plate.If there is a cannoli on the menu, I generally have to order it, and this evening was no exception. The pastry shell was the super light and crispy. The filling, while creamy, was almost completely devoid of sugar as the dish garnered its sweetness from the raspberry coulis decorating the plate. This kept the cannoli from being too sweet, and again my husband remarked that it was the best he'd had.Final Impressions: Go early or make a reservation. This restaurant, which appears to be set in an old house, is on the small side. The quality is amazing, but the prices are a little on the higher side. They have a good, reasonably-priced wine list and would be an excellent date night destination.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2012,7/10/2012,89,341,1,4,7>Last night after dance practice at The Rumba Room, some of the girls on our dance team walked down the street to the Beetle for quick bite and some drinks.  It was my first time there, although I've walked by it about a million times. It's old and small and a bit rustic - nothing about the place is anything fancy. But it fits the South Main district and I like that they open the doors at night to let in the breeze.  It makes for a very laid-back vibe and a great place to kick back with the girls and talk.    The menu selection was small, but offered all the usual bar fare - you know total anti-health food - onion rings, chips, fries and sandwiches, along with some pasta dishes.  Last night (Tuesday) was $5 spaghetti dinner night.  But as  much as I love a bargain, AND pasta, for some reason I was in the mood for a big, fat, juicy burger.  So that's what I opted for, and it did not disappoint.  First of all, it was HUGE!  1/2 pound of meat on a whole wheat bun with all the works.  I had to smash it down AND cut it in half to manage it.  It was cooked perfectly - just as I ordered, and came out hot on the plate with a generous portion of steak fries.  Honestly - I think it's one of the best burgers in town.  And I'm picky!The server was friendly and fast and kept the drinks coming, and I think we all had a great time.  I'll definitely pop in again.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,7/9/2012,106,53,11,9,7>Okay I am kicking off my just moved to memphis reviews with a review of the iconic SOUL BURGER (oh yeah I can review the bar too).  This spot is the diveyest of dive bars that I have every had the pleasure of stepping foot in.  it excels at its sheer awesome level of dive-baryness (I know I am making up words).  The Jukebox was putting out the tunes and there was a good crowd in there for a Saturday afternoon...but I think to get more of an actual sense of the bar...I will need to return after hours.   For that reason only I am withholding the 5th star.  So on to the REAL review...The Soul Burger.  All I have to say is OMFG!!!...LOVED. THIS.  BURGER!!!  now let me be clear...don't expect some fancy schmancy grass-fed beef burger with exotic toppings like olive tampenade, gorgonzola and fried onion straws or even any superfluous condiments.  This is a basic...and awesome burger.  It is awesome in its pure simplicity.   Beef patty(or beef by product...when something taste this good who cares) that is seasoned simply with basic burger flavors (mayo, cheese, pickles and grilled onions) on a regular old bun...served with some Lays potato chips.  But after one bite you will be preaching the gospel of the soul burger.  It quite simply tastes the way the best burger memory/fantasy from your childhood taste.  This Soul Burger is proof positive that sometimes less is more and this place is proof that when you are who you are with no pretense or fanfare and embrace your grit and history  truly awesome things can happen.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,7/8/2012,5,2,,4,2>Every once in a while, my husband and I go out to breakfast. We usually go to the typical breakfast joints, but now we are making the trip to Brother Juniper's! I went with some girlfriends, and there was no wait (but it was a weekday.  I heard to get there early on weekends). I was pleasantly surprised to see such variety and different breakfast items. I had an open faced omelette, and it was really tasty. I had the leftovers for lunch that same day!  I'm also not a huge grits fan, but their cheese grits were fantastic. All their breads are homemade, along with the jams they bring to the table. Our server was very friendly, and not trying to rush us out, even though the restaurant was full. I'm SO going back!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,7/6/2012,3,19,2,3,2>Can't believe this place isn't a 5-star!  Home cooking at its best for a good price.  If you are a Tiger fan it is a must stop prior to early football/basketball games.  Sausage/egg/cheese biscuit is great.  My wife is a veggie and loves their viddles for lunch.  Highly recommend this place, especially for breakfast!  Don't forget your cash b/c they don't take plastic!
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,7/5/2012,7,65,3,7,4>What a wonderful accessory boutique!! You get an upscale feel with low end prices! How can you beat that? I was totally shocked by how inexpensive the items were without looking "cheap". I love how they wrap everything up in pink tissue paper with a Dazzle sticker on it. The gift boxes are really cute, too.And added bonus....a sweet, well behaved puppy dog to greet the customers! She was the best behaved dog I have seen in a while (and I am around a LOT!).Great experience and highly recommended!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2010,7/4/2012,40,315,,3,5>Killer jewelry and clothing here. I just love the styles. Cute, flirty items that I would actually wear. Trendy but not targeted towards teens or tweens- more of a 20s or 30s something vibe. I love the boho feel of the clothes, as well as some of the vintage-looking pieces. Makes me think of Mad Men. The shoes and bags are to die for, and I could literally spend my whole paycheck in here. Service is exceptional, and I definitely need the help as I feel I lost my style mojo quite some time ago. I could definitely get it back here.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,7/3/2012,10,6,,7,5>Sache' is one of those stores that has its pulse on the hip and trendy fashion world, yet values attention to customer service just as much. I had the opportunity to be introduced to this store last night and immediately felt welcomed. The prices were surprising within my budget which I didn't expect for a specialized store and the staff, including both owners were very accomodating and willing to share their knowledge. At one point owner Eric, even took the time to search and print for me some things I needed for some printing needs I have of my own. After expressing my interest in screen printing, Eric gave me his email address to contact him about shadowing them through the screen printing process to further my knowledge. That was AWESOME.Being a guy and fairly simple when it comes to fashion, my favorite items in the store are the graphic tees but there's so much more to Sache'.  The store is well designed and layed out. The clothing is unique and high quality. Hands down the customer service is one of the best I've experience. You don't have to take my word for it. Do yourself a favor and visit Sache'.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,3/24/2014,21,14,4,7,6>I had a great time at Dru's Place this weekend. It was my first time there, and it did not disappoint. Everyone was so welcoming and nice. Karaoke was a blast, and there was much more talent there than may be found in your normal karaoke hangout which made it that much more enjoyable. There are also some of the cleanest bathrooms I have ever seen in a bar at this place, and there are even chalkboard walls with chalk provided to write on them!  Really fun and a great idea if you ask me!  Do be advised that it is a beer bar (you can bring your own liquor and they only charge for mixers though!), and you can still smoke inside which did cause me some burning eyes by the end of the night. Overall, it was a great experience that I would definitely repeat!
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,3/23/2014,240,181,2,5,5>I have eaten here many times before. Always I have been with groups or in a hurry. Tonight. I took my time. After enjoying a nice Abita, I ordered the shrimp and lobster bruschetta on recommendation of my waiter, Chris. Good call. Get this. The bread is delicious. And the shrimp and lobster mixture has a perfect blend of creamy and spice. I then had the seafood combo with Italian spinach.  Great meal. I finished the meal with a Woodchuck and the strawberry shortcake. These smooth creamy layers complimented with the sweet and sour pucker of the strawberries. Touché. Good job. I will be back.And I nearly forgot... The music. Thank you. I love America and I love my country. It is nice to hear some good American music.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/21/2014,63,74,3,6,4>It's a really chic new lounge where you can sit by the fire and drink from a nice selection of tasty wines you serve yourself and eat delicious American/Southern style tapas.  I thought the meatballs and pretzel buns were awesome but it all was really good!The staff were very friendly and we met the owner who was very nice!!  Literally the only negative thing was at the end of the evening when my friend was taking a little longer to finish her second glass of wine, one of the staff told us to leave in a very awkward/rude way: he showed us his phone with the time (and we didn't know they closed so early and there were plenty of other customers still there), and then when we caught on why he was showing us his phone, he was like "yeah... I mean we don't have a bed in the back!" ...which I thought was a little humorous but also quite rude.Otherwise great though! Lol
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,3/20/2014,36,117,2,7,7>This is what a low key brewery tasting room is all about.  Great beers, a communal atmosphere, great people both behind the bar and around the tasting room/out on the patio, and a well placed and opportunistic food truck.First: getting there, is a little bizarre.  On Broad St., just before you reach a set of train tracks, you drive down the side of a large grey-blue metal warehouse type building until you reach the back and find a bunch of cars and people.  Tah dah... you've made it.Second: They have many more beer varieties here than what is on tap around Memphis (at this point).  First things first, I'd get the sampler... all the beers, little quarter pint size glasses... awesome.  The great thing about this micro-brew is that they don't suffer from too much "flavor experimentation" in any of their beers... and they all taste refined and honed in, even on the more unique varieties.  Great work guys.  Third: Find a seat at one of the high top tables, and share with people you've never met.  It's bound to lead to good fun and conversation.  Bring a deck of cards or dominoes with you, and you'll be a traveling party.  Get up, get out, and get some.  Note: Credit card only... no cash... which is great.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/19/2014,114,317,,8,3>After my mother's passing, Memorial Park Funeral Home was in charge of her cremation. They were so helpful, respectful, and understanding. I can not say enough nice things about the staff. The grounds are beautifully kept and the Crystal Grotto is magnificent. My daughter loves going there; it's one of her favorite places. Dealing with the death of a loved one is difficult enough, but I can promise you that the kind people at Memorial Park will help you in any way that they can.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,3/18/2014,1,6,,4,3>Splendid Nails is awesome!!! Two weeks ago was my first time, and it was a wonderful fun experience! Andy has gained a regular customer!!!!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,3/17/2014,33,13,,4,3>Victory is the best bicycle in the city - hands-down.   I can't begin to say how good a job these guys do day-in and day-out.  Every time I go in Clark and Robert or one of the other employees is incredibly friendly and helpful.  But what puts them over the top is exceptional service and knowledge.  These guys know their stuff.  I haven't bought a bike from them yet, but I have dropped a fair amount of coin on tools and tubes and such and even after the sale, they go beyond the call of duty.  If you have a question about bicycle repair or simply want to shoot the breeze and talk bikes, these guys will inform you for hours.  If you need a new bike, they will fit the perfect bike to suit your needs as well as your unique, physical build so that the bike you ride for years to come will continue to meet your riding expectations.  This is as good as service gets. I like to liken the shop to the Apple Store of bike shops.  The design of the shop is smooth and comfortable and doesn't feel clunky and disorganized like most shops.  These guys clearly understand how to run business.  You will not be disappointed with their service and knowledge.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/16/2014,39,320,,5,4>I had the pleasure of brunch here with none other than the Memphis belle!  We both had the steak and eggs, and to my relief, they were happy to put the hot sauce on the side.  It was a delicious dish -- perfectly cooked and just plain yummy!  We also tried a Carol's Delightful Smile, which, while very good, was incredibly rich.  I don't think we even managed to finish it.Service was excellent, and all the servers wear plaid shirts, so they're easy to recognize.  I hate going to places where the servers blend in so well, you can't tell if someone actually works there, or if just carrying a drink!  The open space concept is also pretty cool, since you get to see the kitchen, storage, and everything.  I had a great experience, and I'd love to go back!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,3/15/2014,7,44,4,13,7>In my pursuit of "100 things to eat in Memphis before I die", I was lead to Payne's. All I can say is thank goodness!Ambience:  there is none, so get over it. The building is an old auto shop converted to a restaurant. The decor is minimal and the seating is simple. That's because the food is the main attraction!Service:  order at the walk-up counter with the old menu board hanging above. The workers are very friendly and the food is ready in a flash.Food:  OMg, delicious!  I ordered the BBQ bologna sandwich with hot sauce and a side of beans. What I got was a work of art on a styrofoam plate!  Seriously, check out the picture.  A massive slice of perfectly cooked bologna topped with slaw and spicy BBQ sauce on two slices of white bread.Yes, it's messy.  Yes, the bread is no match for the monster slice of bologna and falls apart. I don't care. It was insane!  The slaw was not creamy, more of a mustard / vinegar dressing, which was the perfect compliment to the BBQ. The sauce was just spicy and tangy enough. The combination of the elements of this sandwich were perfectly complimentary. Makes me want to get in the car and drive back right now (@ 5:22 am).The menu is pretty limited with the BBQ basics of ribs, pulled pork, bologna, and sausage. Options for sides are even more limited: beans or a bag of chips. I went with beans and they were certainly not dumped from a food service can. Loaded with meat with a thick sauce, these beans were solid. The drinks only come in bottle or cans.At $7 for a sensational sandwich, a healthy portion of beans, and a bottle of water, this meal was a steal!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,3/14/2014,30,107,2,5,4>My hubby and I just celebrated our 10th wedding anniversary, so I decided to get a simple wedding like cake to surprise him.I chose the chocolate cake and its so moist and fluffy, so good!  I got a very simple, very clean design that required fondant, which works perfect because my husband isn't that crazy about frosting.The only thing that didn't made me happy was the price. I wanted a small heart balloon on the top made of fondant, very small, very simple, and the price of it would have been almost the same amount of the whole cake, more expensive than covering the whole cake with fondant... just crazy. But that's my only complaint, period.Now my husband is a fan, my kids are fans and now we just can't wait to finish this one up so we can go get ourselves a coconut cake, or an orange cake, strawberry... gosh! so many options!!!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/20/2014,272,182,2,7,7>I absolutely cannot say enough good things about the Church Health Center of Memphis!  This is a wonderful resource that is quite unique to the city of Memphis; especially for those without medical insurance.  I did the orientation a little over a year ago and got a tour of the facility as well as a rundown of how the center works and the services offered, which was a great experience.  Unfortunately, there is such a substantial wait-list to see a regular doctor that you will likely be waiting 9-12 months to see a primary doctor.  BUT they also have Urgent Care, which I had to take advantage of once.  The visit was affordable and so was the medication.  I finally saw a primary doctor today and had a great meeting with the nurses and doctor; they spent a good amount of time with me to figure out what was going on with my health and how they could help, which was really reassuring.  Again, things were exceptionally affordable.  On top of this, they offer physical therapy, counseling, cooking classes, nutritionists, and so much more.  Again, I cannot say enough good things about the Church Health Center and would strongly recommend it to anyone!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,11/19/2014,122,128,3,5,4>I've found my new dry cleaners. If you need a dry cleaning place, give them a try. Ignore the naysayers. This place is excellent. First, their establishment is CLEAN! I know, dry CLEANers should be CLEAN but that's not the point. They keep it tidy. In addition, have you ever dropped your clothes off and wondered where they went? No wondering here. They launder and dry clean on site. (You can see their dry cleaning area behind a large glass wall.) You have your choice between laundered or dry cleaned. I dropped off 13 pieces this morning around 8:30am and received a TEXT MESSAGE at 3pm letting me know they were ready. That's awesome service. You prepay for your service when you drop them off. My 13 pieces of clothing cost me just over $37. That's CHEAP! Other cleaners have cost me $20 more for less. (Dryve Cleaners...)Drop them off by 9am and it's ready by 5pm at the latest. Great job, Crazy Cleanerz!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/18/2014,44,103,2,5,5>Why is this hidden off in some building?! It's absolutely wonderful. I have never heard of this place but checked Yelp for nearby things to do after having lunch at Texas de Brazil. Just across the parking lot was this museum, so we decided to check it out. The stories of the Holocaust survivors in the holocaust gallery were worth my admission price alone, It was so touching and haunting. Also, make sure to bring a nickle for the Violano Virtuoso in the Judaica gallery, you will not be dissapointed.   All throughout the Asian area of the museum are the ivory carvings (My husbands favorite, the Holocaust stories are in a tie with these for me) Some of them are huge, some are small, but even the tiniest "mystery ball" carved from ivory seemed to have taken an lifetime to create, everything is so detailed and I was just mind blown how detailed these pieces were. Definatly worth a visit.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2014,11/17/2014,130,118,5,8,5>Super cute! Love this little gem down town! Reminds me of a little NYC hole in the wall wine & tapas bar. Stopped in for dinner on a Saturday night and enjoyed a cheese plate with awesome Merlot inspired cheddar and sugar crusted pecans among other cheeses, fruits and crackers. We may have cleared out their Prosecco bottles, but it was delicious and $1 off happy hour...which apparently is every day, pretty awesome.The chicken wings and tacos were also scrumptious and our server was adorable and attentive!Overall, great experience at Cafe Pontotoc!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/16/2014,37,33,2,7,5>I was just having a conversation with a new friend in Memphis about all of the foods that I love that I'm going to have to find new restaurants for, adding that I really had no hope in finding any of my more 'exotic' favorites.  After finally settling into my hotel, I was walking towards the intersection for some food and I happened upon this building with a couple of cars out front.  I stopped and squinted really hard, and finally realized the sign said Jordanian food!  Totally shocked.  Totally happy.I walk inside, grab a menu, and a lovely hostess asks me if I wanted to be seated.  Considering the horrific state I'm in, I opted for take-out.  Got some chicken shawarma, which comes with french fries but I asked if they could charge me more and switch out the fries for whatever small salad they have.  She did switch the fries out for a salad, but she did not charge me anymore.  I sat on the bench waiting for the food, and a gentleman handed me a wonderful cup of spiced espresso.  He came back a few minutes later to offer another cup, which I had to decline since sleep is calling me.  And a minute after that he brought out my order.The shawarma was served differently than I've had it... they put it in a wrap and cut it into a few pieces instead of loose over a bed of saffron rice.  Which made things really easy to eat (always a plus when you're staying in a hotel).  That, the tabouleh, and the falafel were all really tasty.  And yes, there were a bunch of left-overs.So glad I decided to stop and squint instead of walking to the closest fast food option!To add.... Went back a couple of days later, ordered the shawarma salad and hummus.  Both were awesome.  The hummus was some of the best I've had... lots of tahini and even more lemon, just how I like it.  This place is by no means cute, neither on the inside or out, but the food is super tasty, which trumps decor any day.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2014,11/15/2014,2,5,1,2,3>The BBQ nachos are my favorite food in this world. I am from Boston and I think about these nachos regularly and I will never I through Memphis without stopping at Central. Amazing!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2014,11/14/2014,1,8,3,3,3>Easily one of the best steaks you will find in Jonesboro.  If you love steak and believe that you should not have to use steak sauce to have flavor, then this is your place.  Great place to eat and unwind from a long day.  Everything you order will be just the way you expect it to be.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/13/2014,0,6,5,4,3>The Best Carne Asada east of the Mississippi.  If you crave California style Mexican food at a good price come here.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2014,11/12/2014,0,8,2,3,5>For this to be a small place and not very popular, it's amazing! Food is great and prices are even better. The owner and services are so friendly and welcome! Not only can I eat there, I can eat comfortably.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2014,11/11/2014,0,24,1,1,>Delicious chips! The guacamole is fresh and delicious as well. The Fajitas were different from what you expect but they are delicious and served with small authentic tortillas. Tasted like authentic street tacos to me. Very good! Check it out!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,5/30/2012,20,15,,6,2>Love this place! I love the atmosphere an food! The salads could b smaller but overall the food choices are great! I constantly crave the eggstravaganza sandwhich....Some food items marked as vegetarian and gluten free. But they also have the regular foods so don't let that scare you away. They also have yummy gelato. Oh and did I mention they have beer and wine?
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,5/29/2012,25,5,3,3,3>The Elegant Farmer is one of my new favorite places for dinner. The atmosphere is as wonderful as the food. Be sure to sit outside in the garden area if the weather permits. The Charcuterie plate for an appetizer, the Redfish for your entree, and the Strawberry Shortcake for dessert...you can't go wrong. The service was also outstanding. Very personal, laid back dining.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,5/28/2012,16,1,1,9,4>Best donut's in town next to Gibson's. It's a small shop run by a sweet family that everyone loves. They will have help on the weekends because they are usually bombarded in the morning with lines waiting outside, but even they are nice. The family is very contagious. They are much more customer-oriented, while still putting out a quality donut.Their donut quality is first rate. Consistently made, and not too heavy or over done. My favorite is the donut stuffed with a sweet cream cheese Bavarian type pudding. My kid's love the donut holes and old fashioned cake donuts. And for those even more indulgent, there Pigs in the Blanket is super yummy, especially the spicy one. Seriously, i did say Pig in the Blanket. You'll have to go in early for those because their usually all gone by 9AM.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,5/27/2012,110,37,,5,4>I just want to take a minute to extend my most heartfelt thank you to you and your staff. My husband and I enjoyed our 3 year wedding anniversary with you guys today, and having never eaten here before I wasn't sure what to expect but I have heard amazing reviews. When we first arrived our table was beautifully decorated with a special menu for our anniversary, pink napkins, and beautiful pink roses that my husband surprised me with. The table was a little wobbly, and the roses fell to the floor. Our waitress was very gracious and whisked them away. We ordered and enjoyed our appetizer of Raviolo which was so full of flavor. I ordered the rootbeer martini (amazing!) and the Surf and Turf New York strip. I honestly couldn't think of a better meal in my life. Before my dinner arrived; however, Jeff (I believe it was) brought me my vase back..with brand new pink roses in it!! I cried! I know that's silly, but I was so touched by the gesture and thoughtfulness that I *never* see anywhere else. You guys are amazing, and I will sing your praises to all my friends and clients. Thank you, thank you, thank you for the wonderful dinner experience.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,5/26/2012,7,24,,3,5>I love this doggie store! It has been in business for sometime now. The new owner is so sweet and helpful. Along with all of her staff! It's not awkward going In Here. I jus adopted a puppy from the Collierville animal shelter.. I also have a lab. I come here to get things for my dogs that I love so much. I'm not a crazy dog person but I do love my dogs!!! I got my Yorkie a travel tater bowl because she rises in the car with me a lot and we go to games together too. They also have great treat for dogs! The treats are so creative. I always get them the pup tarts!! I would rather support a small local business then a chain any day!! This store is a must for dogs and cats to.( they are not left out either)
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,5/25/2012,27,93,,4,2>I've lived in the Memphis area for close to 4 years. In that 4 years, I have bounced from stylist to stylist, never really finding a person or a place that I love. Until now.I walked in to Empire and did not get an appointment right away, but basically within the hour. So I ran some errands and came back. Kelsey greeted me at the door and we got started! She's awesome. I am always kind of vague about my hair, since for a long time it was just one length and no frills. I wanted something different, and she knew what to do. Five inches later, I felt like a new woman. I definitely recommend both Kelsey and Empire, the whole staff seemed very friendly.I was expecting to pay upwards of what I have in the past, simply because I had a great cut and a good experience. Their prices are extremely reasonable.Bonus: they give you a complementary beverage. So a hairstyle and a glass of wine, and I'm sold. Also, their air conditioning was out while I was there, and they were still working away! It gets hot with all those flat irons and blow dryers going, so I give them major credit for that. My only regret is that I hadn't found this place before my wedding! But I'll be going back in the future, for sure.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,5/24/2012,88,77,,4,4>We rediscovered this long-time favorite several months ago on the way to a party in the nearby neighborhood. We stopped in for a quick drink, fell in love with the bar and resolved to come back for dinner with friends. The bar is cozy and comfortable with wide-screen TVs and extremely friendly service. We've been twice in the past few months and both times have enjoyed our meal very much. I love the sea bass, my husband loves the steaks and most recently, the scallop special, over a shrimp risotto was rich, creamy and delicious.The two desserts ordered at our table, creme brulee and brandy alexander were yummy.Great place for a quiet dinner.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,5/23/2012,0,2,4,8,5>I've lived in Memphis for over 30 years, and Molly's is my place for Mex.  I respect entirely the opinions of those who say it's not "authentic Mexican" (and for that reason I refrained from giving a 5-star rating, settling for a 4 in deference to the more opinionated food critics) -- but having eaten at most of the recommended alternatives, I guess I'm just not that impressed by "authentic" Mex.  For instance, quesadillas -- at Molly's they're a treat.  The cheese flavor blends very naturally with the tortilla and other ingredients - at the authentic places, by contrast, quesadillas taste like a Mexican version of my mother's grilled cheese sandwiches.  Another thing I don't like about "authentic" local Mex is that everything's so runny (not just the beans) - Molly's food by contrast manages to hold together on your fork.So let's say Molly's is an adapted cuisine -- one legitimate way to do Mex (or TexMex if you prefer)  --   just like I'm sure my stateside Chinese and Japanese and French and German dining experiences reflect an adaptation of original recipes to the flavor preferences and ingredient availability of representative anglo-America.  It all works.BTW - regarding the service - those folks are warm, friendly, efficient, and one of the main reasons I keep going back (the other two being the food and margaritas --- top-shelf rules).
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,5/22/2012,65,112,,2,2>Gibsons is pretty stinking good... But it's not your old fashioned donut shop.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,5/21/2012,18,118,3,3,2>What a pleasant surprise.  I happened upon this place by chance and ended up leaving with a huge smile on my face.  Great value (no portion skimping here) and the food is outstanding.  I had the smoked quarter chicken...amazing.  The seasoning was perfect.  If I weren't a cheap bastard, I would have eaten a second plate just for the taste (not because they didn't give me enough).  I will be back to try some of the other items - the menu is full of variety.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2014,9/10/2014,272,182,3,7,5>This is probably one of the best parts of Memphis; free concerts at the Levitt Shell!  This facility at Overton Park is absolutely gorgeous and relaxing, and they always bring a great line-up of artists.  You can bring lawn chairs, blankets, drinks, food, table, etc etc.  You can also bring your dog (outside lawn).  They also have good trucks offered in case you didn't bring food or didn't bring enough.  The only think I will say is that parking can get hectic, so be prepared for that.  Otherwise, great time!!!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,9/9/2014,71,41,5,4,5>Overton Park is an open, inviting, and must-see (if you're bored and live in midtown and/or have a dog and/or are in need of a free place to kill time) spot in the heart of midtown Memphis. For runners, there is plenty of space and a lot of like-minded passersby. I enjoy running the outer border of the park because the hilly landscape makes for a good terrain. Also, because you can run along the mansions and momentarily live vicariously through the people you will never be :)The dog park is always my main focus , because the majority of my trips are to let my doggy play and sniff the butts of his brethren. Let's focus on that now :I thought long and hard about giving the park a 4 or even 3 star rating because of how horrible the people you encounter are. There's no doubt about it: the pretentious dog owners truly dampen the experience - but that can't be blamed on the park.  There are two conjoined pins adjacent to one another : one for dogs 25 lbs and under, and one for dogs over 25 lbs. Overall the dog park has some really well-thought-out and useful features: two doors to go through before entering to help prevent dogs from escaping, really well-made and secure fencing, stumps to sit on, and a doggy drinking station in the big boy pin. Just be prepared for the overly-pretentious snoody dog owners which undoubtedly are in both sides. I have a 100 lb dog and I have a 2 lb dog. When I'm in the big dog pin it Never fails that I have someone come up to me telling me I shouldn't be there because my dog isn't neutered. Yeah, that's not the way it works. Twice I've had those people leave because I wouldn't. And everyone else just watched them walk out and carried on. In the small pin I usually bump into girls with over-sized Chanel sun glasses telling me now adorable my dog is as I see their dog not being able to run and play because he/she is bogged down with a huge doggy sweater. Twice, I kid you not, I've had people offer money for my dog. Just for the record, I care about my  2 lb chiweenie more than I care about most of humanity. LUCKILY , these people are in the minority - but be prepared! Can't be Overton park on a breezy spring day :)
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,9/8/2014,122,128,4,5,7>Five Guys Burgers and Fries does two things amazingly well: burgers and fries.Oh I know that was clever...But seriously, these are some GREAT burgers and fries. It's purely simple. If you're  looking for gourmet exotic food, go somewhere else. But if you want a great burger and some great freshly cut fries, come here. I have a hard time deciding whether the fries or the burger steals the show. The fries are skin on and cut in store from the bags of potatoes that outline the waiting line area. The burger is freshly grilled with UNLIMITED toppings!When I want a burger and fries done right, Five Guys is my first choice.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,9/7/2014,53,58,1,9,6>This place is fantastic!  The store is so clean and the display cases are arranged step by step  So that there is little confusion when you are ready to kick the stinky habit and switch to a healthier alternative! I have seen two different sales pitches, one with a step by step pricing, which can be very overwhelming,  and the other with a whole package pricinge. Its a little steep to get started but the switch quickly pays for itself and then you go to saving SO MUCH MONEY! Create a Cig has an endless amount of flavors and can make any flavor you could imagine (insert Sonics drink flavor combinations jingle here). They will sit with you and allow you to try any flavor before you buy and they have a 7 day flavor guarantee. They also have many different Vapes to choose from so that you can pick one to fit your need or lifestyle, and like everything else here, it is all customizable! I also have to give a shout out to their customer service, in a time when that seriously lacks in our society they have definitely picked up the slack. I have never been in there where I haven't had a pleasant experience,  everyone is so patient, helpful and nice!It's more than just an in and out store, they encourage you to hang around, get to know the employees and the customers.  They have massage chairs, giant tv with cable, drinks,  game consules and details on making a healthier life with your switch.  They also have a great points based loyalty system that results in FREE stuff!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/6/2014,4,46,3,3,4>I recently purchase a Costco membership and it has been one of the best thing I could have done. When u compare this store with Sam's club then you are comparing day and night, and I bet you can guess who the night is. Well not only Costco has a better selection of products but they also offer organic options which I love. And the customer service is AWESOME!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,9/5/2014,130,118,1,5,5>I'm a wine bar kinda girl so of course I loved this place right away. I came here with my gf for a GNO, shared a bottle of Malbec and a smoked pesto brie cheese app that was amazing. Didn't love the sliders, but I didn't hate 'em, probably my fault for ordering a burger at a wine bar. Anywho, walked right across the street to my fav store The Attic and then to the movies at Studio on the Square so def a conveniently located spot to hop around and do a little bit of everything. I will be back Le Chardonnay!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/4/2014,37,33,1,5,5>Good People was the 5th phone call I made looking for someone to re-key my new property, but the first call that didn't leave me more frustrated than when I started.  Issue was that I purchased a HUD property, and HUD doesn't give you keys to take possession of the house... you have to find an alternate way in.  Rico seemed like a really nice guy over the phone, he completely understood both the situation and what I needed, and told me to just give him a 20 minute heads up once I actually needed to use him.Fast forward to the day I could gain access to the new property... I called Rico up, he was there in 20 minutes, asked for my ID and the deed to the house, took pictures of both, and two minutes later I had complete access to my new house.  On top of that, he gave me pointers on how to not lock myself out of my work truck (a habit I've been trying to break for years!) and was a total sweet heart.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,9/3/2014,65,212,1,10,7>Reasons I love the Salon:1. I totally forgot about an appointment.  Not only did Grace book me for her next opening, she was nice to me and gave me a great haircut even though I TOTALLY VAMPED on my first appointment.  Also, I called her as my school was freaking out over a tornado warning to let her know I'd be late to my second appointment, and she was very nice about it and said she would wait and just to call when the storm warning was over to check in about whether we could meet that day or reschedule. (As it turned out, I was only going to be about 10 minutes late, and she was able to see me that day).2.  No negative gossipy-vibe here, and no pressure to tell Grace my life story.  I really appreciate a stylist who is friendly and kind, but not trying to force some intimate connection at our first meeting.  Maybe it's the difference between 20 year-old me and 30-something year-old me, but I don't need a new best friend every time I get a haircut.3.  Grace really listened to me.  I went in with a chin-length bob, which a stylist at another salon had given me when I showed her a picture of a much-shorter cut for my very-curly hair.  Grace instantly saw what I wanted, and was enthusiastic about helping me go from long to short.  Three weeks later, and I still love this haircut, whether I blow-dry it or not.  Grace was also careful not to badmouth the stylist who gave me the dreaded shoulder-bob, affording her the benefit of the doubt.  "Maybe," she said, "she'd had someone cry in her chair that day, and she was worried you didn't really want to go short."But I did, and Grace helped me, and I will be back again and again!  Practical tip: You can park in the lot behind the Gilmore and go in the back door (watch your step going in) or on the street on Madison.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/2/2014,275,277,4,5,5>My husband sends me here all the time since it is close to his office. My pastor's youngest son works here. Produce is better with more variety than the one on 64 that moved from Lakeland side to Memphis side. Other than that the store is really spread out so it takes me longer to shop because I haven't memorized the layout. I am a creature of habit when it comes to grocery stores. Why are they always laid out so differently, items moved frequently and the pharmacy all the way in the back? This one has aisles with miss-labeled food...so rice wasn't where it is marked on my last scavenger hunt...I buy $300-500 or more worth of groceries for my husband all the time!  Dairy is in Egypt too.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/1/2014,70,180,2,5,7>Johnny Cash was born to sharecroppers (i.e. farmers who didn't own the land they worked). When Cash was three years old, his family moved to the Dyess Colony near Memphis to work on land they would work towards owning. During the Great Depression, the Dyess Colony, which was started by FDR's WPA, gave land to hundreds of landless sharecroppers that they would work towards owning. Cash lived in Dyess for the remainder of his childhood. Officially, the Johnny Cash Boyhood Home (and the nearby Dyess Colony Museum) open August 16th, 2014. They are available for group tours beginning April 28th, 2014. However, I drove the short trip from Memphis down to Dyess a few weeks ago during March 2014. I probably picked the worst (or best) time to drive to Dyess, when it was raining. The road Cash lived on was not marked well. I had to drive past the road, back and forth, about four times to find it. I don't know exactly why the road isn't marked well. It is a minor dirt road, which is one reason. Another possibility is that tourists were stealing the signage. Another, which is legitimate, is that locals don't want the house to be easy to find to prevent vandalism. Arkansas State University, which owns and manages the house, may try to improve road signage before they open, though my personal view is if he grew up on a road that lacked signage, then they should maintain it that way. Also, if signage remains bad, it means more people will visit the museum to go to the house (because its hard for them to find the house anyway), and I believe the museum is just as important as the house, since it tells the story of the colony which is a very important and significant aspect of local Arkansas history. However, the most important perspectives are those of people who currently live on the road, and whatever they want with respect to signage should be respected.The house is on a dirt and gravel road. As it was raining, there were puddles and mud everywhere. As a person interested in history, it would be nice if the road were maintained in the manner it was when Cash lived there. However, people who live on the road may want the road to be paved. And with the coming influx of traffic, governments may now be willing to fund paving the road. From a historical perspective, I would like the road to remain unpaved, but if residents on the road want it paved, then it should be their call.Currently (as of March 2014), the house is surrounded by metal fence with signs threatening punishment for trespassing. I'm a goody two shoes, I followed the directions of the signs, but I got up close to the fence and walked along it. The house, assuming it has been restored to its appearance during Cash's youth, looks pretty awesome. My eyeball estimate is that it's about 1000 square feet. It's painted. Given that 1000 square feet was a good sized home at the time and the rural south was a place you often had unpainted wood houses at the time, the house was definitely one that a family could be proud of. It was THEIR home, and they could be proud of it, and I'm sure the Cash family was.I earlier mentioned how I might have come at the best or worst time because it was raining. The rain and grey skies were visually dreary. But we have to remember, this was a home of farmers. Rain was the life giver to crops. During drought periods, I'm sure rain was something they looked forward to. Of course the other downside was potential for life threatening flooding. The area was known for dangerous flooding, and if I'm not mistaken, the place was flooded a few times while Cash was growing up.The rain I experienced on the trip was nothing near flooding. But given that the road was a dirt and gravel one full of puddles and mud, it could make driving difficult. I was very fortunate to be riding a pickup truck that day, a vehicle I don't usually drive. After I was done walking along the fence in the rain, I walked back to the truck and tried to drive out. My wheels kept spinning without going anywhere for about 5 to 10 seconds. Being unfamiliar with that situation, I was worried during those seconds that I might be stuck for awhile. But fortunately, I was in a pickup truck and it was only momentary, and I made my way back to Memphis.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2011,1/21/2012,197,116,6,12,7>While the store may be tiny, the flavor certainly is not. I went here one day for lunch, and asked the cashier what she would recommend.She recommended the gyro, a favor that will require me to propose to her the next time I see her.  8 minutes later I was enjoying maybe the best lunch I've ever had. The gyro is succulent, tender, and moist, and all the condiments are garden-fresh. The gyro is also the size of a small baby, so be prepared to wear some on your shirt if you try to strong arm it into your mouth like i did. The price is fantastic as well, as you can get a combo with fries and a drink that's far superior to anything available from a fast food spot for about 6 dollars.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,1/20/2012,33,9,6,8,9>The Uptown burger is the definition of a man's burger.  It's messy.  So messy, you can't put it down and portions of the burger will settle onto your hands and wrists for the duration of your consumption of it.  It's genius.  The Flyer needs to get on board and put Roxie's up for nomination of Best Burger in Memphis.  They'll get my vote all day long and then some.  It puts all else to shame in the way of burgers.  2 fresh meat patties, three slices of cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, jalapeno peppers, mustard, onions sandwiched between a fluffy bun.  It's huge, artery clogging and delicious.  No review can really give it justice. You've read about the neighborhood, so just beware it ain't the nicest side of Memphis.  This burger is worth the trip and the people milling about here are harmless.  I'm with the dude who doesn't want to spill the secret, but as a true burger loving man can't not tell people about it. That and I'm selfish for wanting Roxie's to stick around for a while.  Judging by the grocery portion of this place, it needs all the word of mouth it can get for the burgers.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,1/20/2012,1,2,5,8,9>Yes, do come to watch the game or scope out the attractive patrons.  It is a bar. There are TVs where you need them, including a giant one at the far end of the bar.   But you will be blown away by the food.  Chef Trimm has elevated "bar food" to another level with this inspired, local ingredient heavy menu.  The pimento cheese burger is pure food porn.  Get it with bacon and a fried egg on top if you're feeling macho.  The butcher's platter is a more refined way to grub, but is equally satisfying.  Always check the chalkboard specials, there is usually something there for the adventurous (like beef heart with red sauce, amazing).  You like beer?  Good, because they have a large selection of high gravity beers and several on tap (I recommend the Delirium Tremens).  The cocktail list is eye catching (try the Green Fork) and oh, they have Pappy Van Winkle bourbon.  'Nuff said...
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,1/19/2012,47,237,6,10,7>Monster Roll is just that.... It's a monster and can easily feed one to two people.  The Volcano roll is hands down the best roll that I've had at any sushi place, including great sushi from San Fransisco.  The rainbow roll is  on par with all other good rolls but twice the size as any other in Memphis.  Might I also "highly " recommend the "WHITE FISH" and "Roe" Nigerrie, the best two bites of the meal.  The key to Sakura's success  is the food is really good and in many cases better tasting , the rolls are much larger than any others in town, and you leave feeling satisfied in the tummy, and in wallet too.  Sakura is a TRUE VALUE when it comes to eating sushi in Memphis with out breaking the bank.  I always try one "something new" with each trip and this time I came up with a word of caution.  We had the Japanese pickle appetizer, and i couldn't make it past the first one.  Just not quite ready to recommend this dish, but fully ready to advise caution on this one.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,1/18/2012,31,194,8,11,6>This is the first time I have taken a class there. I'll definitely try more. We started at 10 this morning. By about 1 PM we were just about finished cooking. The class was on Bar-B-Que Basics. We worked in teams of four. Even being one fourth of a group, we all got enough hands on time, the instructor and his assistant were great and the choice of recipes was excellent. Even when we screwed up (put the wrong barbeque sauce in the marinade), the instructor just said that these would come out a little different. There were plenty of tools utensils, and bowls. A little after 1, we sat down to eat what we had made. My gawd, we were good cooks. I am still stuffed.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2010,1/17/2012,21,309,,6,3>The Children's Museum is a great place for kids. It's the perfect place for kids to learn and explore the "real world" on their terms. They can climb in a fire truck, police car and even an airplane. I love the child size Kroger where they can put food in their basket and check out all by themself. The bank teaches them to write checks and the dentist area is fun and less intimadating for the little ones. My boys and I always have a great time when we go here and there is something to do for each of them at their various ages. There is even a play area for babies and toddlers. They have special events throughout the year and each week. Be sure to check their website for the details.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,1/16/2012,4,7,7,6,3>Oooh Wee!! This place is amazing. I went for Father's Day and I haven't stopped thinking about the meal since (mind you Father's Day was two weeks ago). We sat in one of those cute little private rooms that are separated by curtains. This was nice, especially because before we went in I spilled nail polish all over my skirt (don't judge me - normally I'm pretty good at in-car pedi's).Anyhow, we started off with the Catfish Beignets, Calamari, Shrimp Cocktail, and Fried Green Tomatoes. All of this tasted amazing. I kid-you-not. Every freaking bite. After eating all of this I wasn't sure how I was gonna manage my entree. That is, until they brought it out! I had the Petite Filet Mignon and shared Sauteed Spinach with Mushrooms, Asparagus, and Garlic Potatoes with the fam (the sides are all a la carte and were more than enough for the four of us). I also tasted the Alaskan King Crab Legs. Mmm Mmm Mmph!! Let me tell you... EVERYTHING was delicious!!  I could not stop eating. So I didn't. Instead, I tried the Famous Folks Folly Freeze (Brandy) and the Hot Chocolate Fudge Brownie. Mmm Mmm Good! I suffered a food coma that evening and am looking forward to many more if it means dining at this place.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,1/14/2012,4,4,,7,3>I can't say enough wonderful things about the ladies at Crazy Beautiful.As a lover of the looks of the golden era and strange modern fashion trends of today, in a wild mix of 40's-50's pinup and Japanese fashion I spend HUNDREDS a year on shipping alone on garments from other states and countries. For ONCE Memphis has presented me with a place I ENJOY shopping at that isn't a total drag.The staff is amazing, they want you to leave happy! I have never left without /something/ awesome. I am a frustrating shape/size to fit and they are always willing to let me know when something comes in that fits me. I have never been so excited about supporting a local buisness, I rave about them to everyone.  You also can't ague with awesome weekly specials and sales!And with fantastic brands like Trashy Diva, Bettie Paige, Iron Fist, living dead souls, and more how could you ever go wrong? enough chatter, GO VISIT THEM!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,1/13/2012,17,63,2,6,4>I'm ashamed to say that on my first visit to Muddy's, I was so overwhelmed that I got one of everything. Not good for the diet, but amazing for the tastebuds!Muddy's serves predominantly cupcakes but also produces a changing array of pies, cakes, cookies, and specialty pastries, the flavors of which depend on the whim of the bakers. Six cupcake flavors are always on offer- Prozac, Plain Jane, Pucker Up, Classic, Capote, and Frankly Scarlett- and six additional flavors appear every week. All of the ones I tried packed a lot of flavor and were ultra-buttery.You can also get birthday / occasion cakes, cupcakes, and treats by special order. In the store, there's also a selection of dainty, handmade aprons, beautiful vintage cake stands, funky cards, and out-of-the-ordinary birthday candles. Really a top-notch place.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,1/12/2012,40,315,4,3,2>My husband and I happened upon The Cheese Cake Corner one night years ago when we had just moved into the downtown area. My life changed that night, as I am quite confident I will never ever find a better cheesecake eating experience anywhere else in the entire land. It simply rocked my world. There are about 100 (maybe more) different types of cheesecake to choose from and I haven't tried anything super fancy because I so love the Key Lime, strawberry and chocolate varieties. A slice is HUGE too- definitely more than you'll get anywhere else. You can also buy whole cheesecakes there. The place is really chill too so if you want to sit quietly and savor your coffee and heavenly treat, you'll get good vibes here. Try it, folks. I dare you to find better.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,3/14/2013,24,1,,2,1>The Paradiso Cinema, a Malco Theatre. Tonight I was lucky enough to see a new movie at the theatre near me. While visiting the Paradiso theatre I thought how lucky I was to have such a great movie theatre in my city. The main entrance has a way to really speed up the process of long lines, if that's ever the case, the Paradiso has a way of avoiding that all together. Handy Tip: You can always buy your tickets online for Malco Theaters'.  Security officers do protect us at entry, from any weirdos who like illegal things. The Paradiso has a beautiful interior. There's a fountain in the center of the lobby. They always have the best movie ad billboards at the Paradiso. When it comes to beverages your choices are near unlimited from pop-corn to cheesecake, or a glass of wine to frosties. The theaters themselves are great! The seats have adjustable armrests. They also recline and they have that higher back so you feel like your really in a comfortable seat not a desk. If your looking for a theatre to catch that latest release, Paradiso is where it's at! P.S. I saw "Dark Skies" tonight... It was awesome!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/13/2013,18,66,2,5,2>I think I rate my meal at Flight as one of the best I have ever had. The food was delicious, the service was impeccable and the wine was fabulous. My very thoughtful boyfriend took me to Flight for Valentine's Day, so we had a special menu. However, it was amazing. We ordered flights of wine (me, pinot noir, him, cabernet) and we loved each one we tasted. I started with crab cakes as an appetizer, and I could have eaten just a mass amount of those for the night. They had a good amount of delicious crab in them and an even better remolaude sauce on top of them. Next was a choice of Lobster Bisque or salad. I chose the salad, because I knew quite a bit more food was coming. However, I sneaked a taste of that creamy goodness that was the Lobster Bisque and was thoroughly impressed. My salad was pretty good too.After the "appetizer" portion of the meal, I opted for the Surf flight, which had some type of heavenly white bass, scallop Benedict and lobster thermadore. Holy crap, it was good. The fish was prepared to perfection. The lobster theramadore was delicious and rich and the scallop Benedict was off the charts in flavor. My date got the Turf flight and raved about it as well. At the end of the meal, we split a flight of desserts, containing a chocolate creme brulee, some type of chocolate tart and a white macadamia cheesecake. If you do nothing else in life, TRY THIS CHEESECAKE. Literally one of the best desserts I have ever tasted. EVER.I will definitely be going back!
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,3/12/2013,51,22,,1,1>I have only been here for lunch, but it is fantastic.  Located on Main Street in the heart of Downtown, the atmosphere is great as well as the service.Lunch is a normal lunch - $10-$15 depending on how well you tip, but from my understanding dinner is way more upscale so I will have to go on a date there soon.For lunch, I highly recommend the Short-Rib Grill Cheese sandwich with a side of sweet potato chips.  I have had many grilled cheese sandwiches in my life, but none this good.  Amazing.  They only serve lunch on Friday though!  Do not forget that if you are planning on driving Downtown solely to eat there for lunch.  They also have 25 cent martinis for lunch on Friday.  Great place.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,3/11/2013,39,320,4,10,5>This is an independent shop, run by guys who are essentially Volkswagen dorks.  And I mean that in a really good way.  The know their cars, their prices are reasonable, and they can translate car language into English without treating me like an idiot.  I've never had any pressure to get any work done here -- it's much more of a "Here's something that might need work, here's what it will cost, and here's how long it can go before falling apart."And they are super creative too!  When my sunroof drain unhooked itself and leaked several inches of water into my car last year, rather than replace the entire carpet pad and floor covering, they pulled it up, cut out the wet stuff, and replaced it with a perfectly adequate substitute (rather than a pricey factory part).  They left the car in the sun for a few days to dry out before tacking the carpet back down, for a grand total of $300: huge savings over the $1000+ the dealership quoted me.  And I've never had a moment's trouble or smell with it -- very impressive, and not something that they had any obligation to improvise just to save me money.I definitely recommend this shop for anyone who owns a Volkswagen or Audi.  Just remember to call a week in advance, since they get booked up!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,3/10/2013,95,49,5,2,3>I'll be the first to admit that I've driven by Raiford's on multiple occasions and thought, "That looks sketchy..." So I finally went and checked out the place for myself. I thought I had died and gone to Saturday Night Fever heaven. Between the giant cut-out of King Raiford (the owner and DJ) at the entrance and the light-up dance floor, I was thoroughly entertained.I went on a Saturday night around midnight and the place was packed. I'm talking PACKED. The best part was that the crowd was all ages. Make sure to bring cash. It was $15 at the door and $5 for a coat check. Did I mention they only serve 40oz. beers? You can only imagine how hysterical it is to see everyone walking around this place with a 40oz. in hand. Oh, and you can't bring your drink on the dance floor, which probably saves the staff from a lot of mess.Don't go here expect class, people. I'm not saying it's disgusting or anything, but the point is to go and dance your hiney off and not have a care in the world. Put on your bell bottoms and get down with the get-down!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,3/9/2013,43,104,1,9,5>The Fine Art of Pizza! Bello!A beautiful thin crust pie you'd find at the best pizzerias along the I-95 corridor from Philly through NYC and onto Boston. An OCD perfect blend of sauce, cheese and the freshest ingredients...atop a tasty hand-tossed dough. Design your own or select from a hand-full of specialty pies. The small is a medium, the medium a large (yeah, they're a bit size-challenged in the kitchen). This is the first fixed location for this team of aficionados who launched a successful food truck business. Next to Amerigo. Seating for eighteen (18) and take-out. Delivery forthcoming, when they find a talented driver. Look forward to weekend breakfast pizza in the coming weeks. Cielo (Heaven)!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/8/2013,58,57,3,5,4>We seldom dine in, but we order takeout from Mosa at least once a month. It sets the standard for amazing to-go service. Whenever I call the staff is friendly and always repeats my order back to me to make sure it's correct. The wait time I'm given is usually spot-on so my order's ready when I arrive. I appreciate that they always check the contents of my to-go bag to make sure nothing was left out. Food is tasty and consistent. Singapore curry is my go-to and the portion is always big enough to equal two meals. Other times if I don't want any leftovers ill get an order or hot and sour wontons (spicy!) and hot and sour soup. Mosa's hot and sour soup is one of my favorites in Memphis because its fresh, unlike other places where it tastes like its been sitting in a 3-pan for days.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/7/2013,98,313,4,4,2>I was so excited to try Local on the Square. When you live in East Memphis, it's kind of a novelty to try out the new, hip restaurant in midtown. I was wary after reading some reviews--it sounded like Local had some growing pains after it opened. Fortunately, we came on a really good night. 1) Complimentary Valet! Yes, please! (Driving, let alone parking, in Midtown scares the crap out of me.)2) We came without a reservation on Saturday night. Yes, we had to wait about 40 minutes for a table, but the huge bar and cocktail menu can keep you pre-occupied for sure. 3) Great place to drink. Lots of craft beers and creative cocktails. I had the Memphis Mule....if i didn't know any better it tasted like an awesome Ginger Ale--goes down smooth, and it's not too strong.4) Very pleased with the service. 5) THE FOOD! So good! -Duck Quesadilla (This is absolutely delicious--I could have had this for my main entree)-Lobster Tacos (Think Lobster Rolls with a California/Southwestern spin--it won't knock your socks off like the duck quesadilla--but it's great if you're in the mood for something light). -Fish & Grits (The catfish filet was generous in portion--and was crusted beautifully. And I could have eaten a whole bowl of the greens)-Cast Iron Mac and Cheese (Made with Penne Pasta--so it's not usually how i like my mac and cheese--but it was creamy and indulgent as it should be...supposedly you can add lobster for an extra $5, I bet that would be out of this world).
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,3/6/2013,102,55,1,6,3>This place is one of the best kept secrets in Memphis.  It has been around for a long time but whenever I ask people if they have been to Westy's they ask me where is that...and I tell them!  I have been here about 4 times and now that I live in the area I come here more often.  They do deliveries  for orders $12 and up which is great!They have an awesome menu and it goes on forever.  They have every wild rice dish you can imagine!  Every time I go here I always end up getting a different dish to see how they all compare to each other.  The sandwiches are also really tasty! I always order the fried okra even though it is not on the menu and they make it for me!  I always get the same sweet and spirited waitress.  She is also happy to serve and loves her job and you can always tell.  Want a good meal with great service in a low key place?...look no further cause you have found it!
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,3/5/2013,8,73,,1,1>This is one of my favorite places to eat. It's in a great bookstore, the menu is varied and the food is tasty, and the service is always courteous.  Sometimes when they are very busy, the service can be slow; however, I don't go to this restaurant when I'm in a hurry, because I always like to browse the book store on my way in and on my way out. It's a great place to meet a friend for lunch or entertain out of town guests, because it's very Memphis-like. Their tomato cheese soup is outstanding.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/24/2012,26,99,2,4,3>I have been here for a public cooking class and found the event to be highly enjoyable. I also learned of many other events LeCole sponsors and plan to attend many more.I can only speak from my single experience at the moment, but I was highly impressed from that single experience. I attended the French Laundry class where the Chefs at the school teach you how to prepare 3 courses from the French Laundry menu and allow you to cook it for yourself using their facilities. The food that we were instructed on and allowed to make was Duck Confit, Lobster Rolls, and a creme brulee type recipe that I have since forgotten the name. All the dishes were amazing. Although we prepared the food it was under the guidance of at least 6 chefs. It was a very enjoyable experience. Oh and appetizers and wine are served throughout the course -- great for fun but perhaps not the best idea when sharp knives and hot surfaces are involved -- although no one was injured. Very enjoyable ad highly recommended for a group of people or a date.Food: 5/5LeCole is a cooking school, so it should come as no surprise that the room that I was in for most of the event was a kitchen. A very clean kitchen but a kitchen nonetheless. The dining area, however is nice and seems refined, and the school uses this to stage for the classes. They also serve lunch in this dining area. I have never been before, but I am tempted to try it sometime. It is a very small dining area and may not be the best choice if you are in a hurry during a business lunch. However, I cannot make a recommendation on this until I have tried it. Nonetheless, the atmosphere is wanting, but that is to expected since it is a school.Atmosphere: 3/5This was a very expensive class. They do have other deals that are much less, but depending on the menu for the class it can be quite expensive. Keep in mind also that there are multiple staff that have to stay late in order to make this class possible, and there are resources and materials which must be procured in order to make this as easy on the customer as possible. When you factor these elements into the equation, you begin to realize you actually are getting a fairly good deal for what it is. Certainly, if learning to cook isn't your thing this is not going to be a "value", but if food is your interest than this is certainly a value. That being said the class I attended was $100/person, interpret that as you will. It's certainly not cheap, but the value factor s fair.Value:3/5The service is not applicable for the experience I had. It was a cooking class, so we did our own thing. However, I assume the service in the dining area for lunch or dinner services are much better, since these are students trying to do their best to make the grade. Service: N/AI would say that if you are interested in food and would like an experience that you probably can't find anywhere else besides LeCole and Viking, you should sign up for a class and see for yourself. Their public class opportunities are available on their website. Worst case scenario, you'll have a good story to tell. Best case scenario, you'll learn something, have some great food, build confidence in your cooking skill, and be eager to try again.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2012,7/22/2012,36,117,3,5,5>A haiku review:Fresh fish done very wellSweet potato fries so goodMouth waters at thoughtOkay... and a little backup for the uninitiated:  For the price, the convenience of setup, the speed of service, and the quality of food... I personally do not think you can find a better lunch or quick dinner option out there.  If you like fish, and just don't get enough of it, putting a little Humdinger's in your rotation will feed the need.  I've tried almost all of the options, and they've yet to fail.  Even that piri-piri chicken was great.  Just walk up to the counter, order your food (think: mahi mahi with cucumber yogurt sauce and sweet potato fries), get your number, go grab your drink/utensils/napkins, grab a seat and salivate while you wait... then enjoy.  Satisfaction is on the menu.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,7/21/2012,20,188,3,5,4>The best burger I've ever had, hands down. It's no wonder they always win the best burger in Memphis. They're all good, each is served with a variety of cheeses on different buns - my preferred one being the Texas Toast burger. Also, if you're a vegetarian or just watching your waistline, any burger on the menu can be made into a turkey, veggie, or black bean burger! They also have a menu for low fat items (even including a hamburger) so you have lots of options if you're on a diet.Their apps are great too. Great queso, though the entrée portions are so generous it's tough to make room for both unless several people are splitting an appetizer. Their chicken tenders are great, too, as are the shrimp and catfish.This is one place that does live up to the hype!
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,7/20/2012,29,18,,2,3>This is a solid lunch choice. Prices are on the cheaper side and the food is great for the price. I usually order and enjoy the blackened chicken sandwich or blackened chicken salad (yum). I've also tried the gumbo and it was decent. It's a great choice for lunch if you are downtown and don't want to spend more than $10. There is always a line during the lunch rush but they have a great system that moves people out quickly so don't let the line through you off. The cooks and staff are really friendly and waiting isn't a hassle because of it. There isn't much seating so most people usually take their food to go and then if you get lucky enough to snag a seat outside you can stay or just eat elsewhere. A few quirks - it's only open for lunch since it caters to downtown workers. Also, they only take cash or at least they did last time I went. That might still be the case or they might take cards now but just in case... take cash.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/19/2012,123,66,1,5,5>So i was in the Winchester area today and it was a nice 85* day after work.. I decided to head to good ol Wally World and was craving Jerry's Sno cones but didnt want to drive that far.I remember from my Memphis City Saver there was a similar place that served some kinda icee dessert and i remembered googling Parkers Water Ice which was hidden behind the Majestic theater. I was sooo excited that i had to text a friend to see if she would want to join. She gave me the thumbs up and so i waited. There was a steady crowd going in and out while i waited the 30 mins for my friend.So my friend finally arrives and i was desperately waiting for a bite of this Italian Ice. Ive never had true Italian Ice elsewhere than my hometown from NYC. Everytime i visit NYC (once a year) i have to satisfy my cravings for NY Pizza and Italian Ice. Parker's has a variety of flavors on Italian Ice and i believe 24 flavors from Soft Serve Ice Cream. Since i wasnt sure which flavor i wanted, they offer free samples to my friend and i. There was some tough choices: Cherry, Blue-Raspberry, Strawberry Daiquiri. I ended up combining Cherry and Blue-Raspberry while my friend had the pink lemonade and mango. Mine turned out to be an awesome Spiderman color. Both combinations tasted ridiculously awesome. I had asked for 2 scoops and they would literally pack 2 scoops of Each flavor in the cup. It was deliciousness from my first bite to my very last. This was what i had been craving for soooo bad but never knew this place existed.The place is just a walk-in with no tables or seats, we just parked our rear ends outside by the parking lots curb and enjoyed the beautiful day. I will be back soon to try all the other flavors!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,7/18/2012,83,237,6,3,3>Great place to get a perm and a laugh!If you're having a down day, I advise you to visit just to get a chuckle. My latest discovery was a neon greenish looking wig. On the real, this is a huge store that should supply whatever you're looking for. Guys, they have a nice variety of clippers and trimmers too.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,7/17/2012,47,110,7,7,3>This is the place to come for fish done Mexican style.We went for lunch and debated over the filet (which is catfish) or the red snapper, which comes baked (al horno) or Veracruz (quick-fried).  Baked takes 45 minutes to prepare, and I'm sure it's completely worth the wait.  But this was a workday lunch and we didn't have the time to invest.Half of us opted for filet; half for Veracruz-style snapper.The snapper arrived on a large warm plate, propped upright in a metal rack.  It's whole fish (which I personally love).  I'm not exactly sure if Playita does this out of humor, or as a kitchy fish masquerade, but they put marachino cherries on toothpicks were the fish-eyes were.  Atop the fish was an afro of grilled onions.  Most of us thought it was hysterical, but one of my co-diners was completely grossed out by it. (She's grossed out by a lot of stuff.  "Spam is WHAT???  Yewwwwww!!!!")This led to all kinds of lunchtime hijinks, including putting a toothpick in the fish's mouth, then rolling a mock doobie for the fish out of straw wrappers.The fish was delicious if not a leeetle bit over-cooked.  Between a yummy and entertaining and healthy meal, I'm giving Playita five stars.We capped the 2-hour lunch off with a visit to the convenience store next-door for purchase of 50 losing lottery tickets.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,7/16/2012,38,10,,2,3>Whether you want to spend $1, $20, or splurge on designer brands- Sugar Plum has something for EVERYONE. There is not a better boutique in Memphis.  In fact, I have not been able to find better service or a better welcome anywhere in this city. I am always greeted with a smile, always offered a fitting room (even if I have just one item in my hands), and always leave happy. It is a different store every time I go, as they tag new inventory every day they're open. They constantly update their Facebook site, so I check it as much as I can to see pictures of new items (okay, I'll admit it- I check it pretty much every day). Their consignment process is so organized, and they always have treats or cold water (or tea in the winter) or something fun or cute going on (concert ticket raffle drawings, daily "blessings", Ladies Night every Thursday, etc.) I can't get enough! Melissa and the ladies who run this shop are so creative. I give Sugar Plum my highest recommendation. What a fun place to shop (without depleting your wallet), and a fun excuse to clean out your closet!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,7/15/2012,27,82,4,8,4>Mollie's is really the only upscale lounge-type place I've found in Memphis. I have my birthday party here every year, and they always take great care of us. I usually end up taking out-of-town visitors here, too. There's plenty of dark little corners to hole up in and you can always find someone interesting to talk to if you're wandering about alone. It's very intimate - great for cocktails after a dinner date. Everything's reasonably priced, and the macaroni and cheese is also by far the best I've had in Memphis, for what that's worth (IT'S WORTH A LOT). I originally docked Mollie's a star for this, but didn't have the heart to since I know there's not really anything that they can do about it. Be aware, though, that you have to get here really early if you want to find a seat. I like to sit down with my little group when I go out to a bar, and it's usually a dealbreaker for me if we can never find a place to camp out. Don't get me wrong - there's plenty of seating at Mollie's. It can get so crowded here, though, that a conversation-friendly group of chairs can be hard to come by. They do have a deck that's kind of hidden and usually less-crowded, and a server will come out to you if you let them know that you're sitting there, but that's not an option year-round.If you're like me and you want to rest your feet when you're at a bar, Mollie's won't be your bag if you come knocking around midnight. But if you plan your night well, there's not a bad time to be had here.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,7/14/2012,100,106,,5,5>If you ever visited the old Beignet Cafe - you will not believe Double J's is the same place made over. I stopped in for lunch one day - and I couldn't believe how different it looked. Let me say - the service we received at lunch was awesome. It was a week day, and the place wasn't very busy - but I can totally picture it being busy for dinner and on the weekends. They have what looks like a great patio - and the menu looks to be priced just right for all their bbq saloon type servings. I only had a bowl of their she-crab bisque and my friend had a grilled cheese and some fries. Her fries were seasoned with yummy bbq spices, and my she-crab soup was DELICIOUS. I will definitely be back - with a bigger appetite. I've heard all good things about Double J - I have to experience more of them for myself.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,9/28/2013,103,128,2,2,2>I love Yogurt Mountain.  They have a fair selection of toppings, the store is spacious with plenty of places to sit.  The frozen yogurt bar has about ten flavors or combos to choose from, including regular tart (comparable to California Tart at Yolo), and Vanilla.  Their vanilla is one of the best I've ever had.  It tops TCBY, Yolo, and Baskin-Robbins, hands-down.  Today I tried out their version of a shiver.  In a clear plastic cup (which I had a hard time separating from the rest of the stack), I layered yogurts and toppings, then they blend them for you at the register, to make kind of a concrete.  It was great!  I ended up spending less than I would have eating from the bowl, too.  Average price here for a smaller yogurt cup could be anywhere from $4-7.00.My only criticism is that they did not have any sugar-free options.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,9/27/2013,95,49,3,4,3>I LOVE Central BBQ!I went last Sunday with my parents. It was nice enough to be out on the patio if we wanted, the Motown music was bumpin' and the place was packed.We all opted for the regular pulled pork sandwich with slaw. Delicious! I loved their slaw. It wasn't the typical Memphis-style vinegar slaw, but rather a creamy slaw. But the best part? The BBQ Nachos. Their nachos are AMAZING! I've been faithful to Corky's up until now...but I think the times are changin'.The service at Central BBQ was fast and efficient, and our food was delivered to the table with a smile. Add this to your list of Memphis staples!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,9/26/2013,56,37,2,3,4>Reviewing a church seems a bit strange to me. So with that being said, I love this place. I'm not sure if it's beacuse I grew up going coming every Sunday when I was "knee high to a chair" or running up and down the ramp that connects the church building to the recreation building. There's one thing for sure, I feel at home within this amazingly gorgoues church. If you you're driving down Union ave, headed towards downtown, Idlewild will be on your right hand side, across the street from Kroger and next door to Donald's doughnuts. If you're looking for a place to feel at home or feel like you need to "get up close to God", Idlewild may be the place for you. There are two services on Sunday mornings. The first is at 8:30 in the chapel and the second is at 11:00 in the sanctuary. Communion is served every Sunday during the 8:30 service and at the first of the month during the 11:00 service.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,9/25/2013,71,41,3,4,2>A midtown staple, Pho Hoa Binh specializes in delicious variants of fried tofu. The restaurant atmosphere is by far nothing to brag about , but with prices this good....well, no ones cares. They make amazing seitan (listed as wheat gluten on the menu) which is great BBQ style. Once I even asked if they could make my tofu in the same BBQ sauce they used for seitan and they complied. The servers are always smiling, which is refreshing. Trying a different  dish every time is hard because you'll want to order the same delicious dinner you had last time!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,9/24/2013,143,65,4,4,2>This place is finally clean! I love the subs here. Their bread is freshly baked and the sandwich lady knows her craft well. She needs a Food network special. I don't know why she hasn't be celebrated as a local celebrity yet... Okay, enough about my crush on the sandwich lady!The sandwiches here are the best in town, and it's cheap!Still no credit card here. Should someone show them how to work the Square Register?
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,9/23/2013,62,119,3,3,3>Great spot right next to the Kwik Check convenience store.  Both places are owned by the same family.  We came in on a Wednesday night for dinner, and the cook had to be called in from next door to make the food haha.The decor to this place is hipster and kitchy, but in a good way.  Wouldn't be a bad spot for a first date if you both liked Korean food.  The food itself is fantastic; there's a whole menu of different sorts of noodle and rice dishes.  This spot compares favorably to any Korean spot in a major city in the Northeast or out in Cali.  The only thing that's missing is BBQ items!  But really, I don't care too much about the grill, but gimme some Korean BBQ wings!  That's why I only give it a 4 star review.  That and also they were out of many selections of beers, because of inability to secure stock.  The operations of this place definitely can stand an upgrade.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,9/22/2013,122,128,1,8,4>Let me just say. I try not to believe the hype (good or bad) and go into any restaurant with a clean slate. Tonight we were craving barbecue and decided to try "One and Only" mainly due to the location and the fact that we had heard it was very good.We walked in and IMMEDIATELY were overwhelmed by the sweet smell that only smoked meat can create. The front door was propped open because the smoke was THICK! Which was perfect for me because I LOVE the aromas of barbecue and grills. We ordered two sausage and cheese plates for a party of 8 which was just enough. The sausage pieces were HUGE and smoked just right. The cheese was your standard cubes of cheddar and pepper jack cheese with the dry rub sprinkled on top. Surprisingly no crackers which I actually didn't mind. I saw the giant sign outside advertising their "Memphis Style Beef Ribs". So naturally, being the carnivore that I am, I decided to partake. I am so glad I did. I ordered the half rack not realizing that how much larger beef ribs were than pork ribs. There were 6-7 ribs that took up an entire platter by themselves. They were seasoned with a base of what tasted like salt and pepper with other spices and then rubbed with their dry rub spice afterwards. There was a TON of flavor. I am a big eater and I struggled to eat 4 ribs. So in hindsight, the 1/3 rack of beef ribs would have been plenty. Their twice baked potato salad was to die for. I couldn't get to the beans I ordered because I was too stuffed but my wife said they were great.The only downside is the lack of seating. We really enjoyed it and we will definitely be back! Bravo, One and Only!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/21/2013,59,133,,5,1>This theatre is so nice. It's clean, big, and there is lots of variety in the food apart from the usual stuff. I've only ever gotten popcorn, but they have White Castle burgers, fried things like chicken strips and mozzarella sticks, pizza, and a Yolo inside. The staff is not very friendly.Even in a crowded movie the sound is so high quality and loud that you don't have to worry about being too disturbed by noisy people.I have never been to this theatre past 4 o'clock. But they have some pretty strict rules posted several places out front about anyone under 18 coming in at night.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,9/20/2013,8,73,2,3,3>This restaurant is always good, and especially when the occasion is special. The service is nice and the food is great. When I complained it was too cold under the air conditioner vent, the server asked if we would like to move, which greatly improved my evening. It was my birthday and they served the dessert with a candle, which was a nice touch. I always know I won't be disappointed when I choose this place.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/19/2013,33,56,3,4,3>Consistently good food in a good atmosphere is a great reason to frequent any establishment; and it's the reason that I keep going back to Booksellers bistro.  There are items offered on the menu from the likes of Food Network stars and local celebritiy chefs. Try the Turkey Burger from Rachel Ray or ANYTHING from the brunch menu and you are bound to be satisfied.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,11/20/2013,40,315,,2,1>Visiting the National Civil Rights Museum is a very educational and emotional experience that literally gave me goosebumps. Located at the Lorraine Motel where Martin Luther King, Jr. was shot, you can actually see his hotel room and the balcony where it happened. The story behind the assassination is told through the second building, where you can visualize where the shooter stood and what he saw before the shot heard round the world. There are so many exhibits depicting the civil rights movement, from sit-ins to freedom rides, it's impossible to soak it all in quickly, so make sure you set aside some time to tour the place properly. Stuff some tissues in your purse as this is a very moving tribute to one of the most significant eras of our lifetime.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,11/19/2013,961,900,15,16,11>So, a few nights after Evan's (my favorite bartender ever who happens to tend bar @ The Cove) birthday. I went back in asked him what he did the weekend of his birthday (his actual birthday we ended up getting sailor drunk) and he told me his gf took him to a place called Sky Zone.  He said for something he wasn't very sure about, he had an absolute blast.  Now I trust this man (as he makes 70% of the drinks I consume- I make the other 30%) a whole lot, so I wanted to look further into it.And I did- I wanted to have a UYE here!  Now, you would think that a place like this would be over run by kids, but thankfully on Saturday nights from 9-11ish, you pay $20 ($2 extra if you get the socks) and it is 18+.  So, a group of us met up Saturday night, and had an awesome time! Now, it was kind of cold out, so instead of wearing gym shorts, I decided to wear my chef pants (very comfy).  BIG mistake!  When I walked in, I went straight to fill out a waiver and get ready.  I got my "sky socks" (which have the grips on the bottom, I suggest only wearing those and not on top of socks) and started sucking in the scenery.This place is located in a business park full of warehouses, so this place is indeed in a warehouse.  Which makes it great- as there is a dodgeball area, basketball slam sesh area, a foam pit, and two general jump areas.  Along with a few arcades, party rooms, and 2 massage chairs.  The area in the middle has a few benches and lockers to store stuff.  If you don't want to pay for a locker, they have a general shelving area to stash stuff.Now, before I get started, I wanted to let you know, I am not in the peak shape of my life, but I do walk at least 10 miles a day at work and I am dodging forklifts and crawling through tight spaces a lot- so my legs get a solid workout.  After 15 minutes jumping in the general area, I was sweating like I was working in the middle of July.  And my thighs were burning, but it felt so good!With my weight, I realized  I could get some mad air, so I knew I had to be careful where I landed!  Speaking of playing it smart, I made sure I did not drink alcohol before coming and I ate a sleeve of saltines for dinner- I didn't want to puke everywhere!After working up a great sweat, I decided to check out the foam pit.  I did something I haven't done it years- a flip!  And when I realized how far down in the pit I landed, it was that much harder to get out!  It was fun getting the foam squares lodged in my junk as I am trying to get out.  But it was fun!  I could only do it 3 times, it was harder to get out as each time surpassed.I watched the high schoolers play dodge ball and basketball, but I did not partake (I used to be great at dodgeball- but on a trampoline I don't even know!).  After about 45 minutes in, I had to go outside and get some fresh air.  It was a wonderful time, and I got a wonderful workout out of it.  I will surely have to come back, as the waters have been tested.  This place would be great for a date or a family night out.  Or even a UYE!  Worth every penny and I cannot wait to go back!Hell yea! Now I just hope my legs have enough juice in them to get me through work tomorrow!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,11/18/2013,123,514,,1,1>It's not a huge museum but it is jam packed with all sorts of nifty stuff.  My son particularly liked the screen playing soul music and the dance floor he could bust a move on.He was also enamored by Isaac Hayes Cadillac.There is a lot of history and information here that makes it great for all ages.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,11/17/2013,11,105,1,1,>People would always tell me to eat here when I'm drunk after the bars and clubs. I don't know why?! Because the foods are actually really good sober. I love the ribs; they're super tender. That's one of my favorites here. Along with the stuffed mushrooms and cheese/sausage plate. One of the best eats on Beale st.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,11/16/2013,127,77,1,5,2>Great sandwiches, and good sized desserts!Great coffee!  Individual drip cups.Craft beers, including those from Memphis.Only bad part is the early closing time.  Great otherwise for lunch, or a pre-dinner brew.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,11/15/2013,65,178,2,6,1>I was invited by a business associate for lunch last week, and the only review at the time merely stated it was a great lunch spot. I figured, "free lunch" and this girl loves food, so why not give it a try?When I walked in, it did in fact, seem like a great little lunch spot. I didn't care much for the artwork, but the rest of the decor was somewhat aesthetically pleasing, particularly the hutch across the back of the dining room and the openings upstairs looking down into the dining room.  The menu was just right for lunch. There wasn't too much to choose from, yet there was enough of a selection for any craving your taste buds may have.  I ordered the shrimp pirlau and my acquaintance ordered the mussels. We were both very pleased with our dishes.  Although several items on the menu perked my interests, it will probably be impossible for me not to order the shrimp pirlau again next time because it was just that good. It has shrimp, halibut, mussels, tasso, chorizo, and rice in this amazing broth.  The key lime pie I ordered for dessert was the second best key lime pie I've ever had in my life. If you remember the Herbal Essence commercial of the woman washing her hair in the shower, that's the feeling I was having while eating that pie!  I noticed that they had a fairly nice selection of mixed drinks, which were also available without alcohol. The service was exemplary!  The prices seemed very reasonable for the quality of the food.  I can't wait to go back and try Southward for dinner with the hubs. I know he'll want to check out the seafood and the bar.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,11/14/2013,7,76,,7,1>How many times have I passed this place in my life? Many. Thought I had eaten here years ago, went there Friday night, nope, 1st time ever. On my way out, I was kicking my butt for not eating here a long time ago. 4 of us for dinner - pretty crowded at 5:45. Older crowd, heard they get a lot of repeat business. Appetizers: Fried mushrooms and sweet/hot shrimp. They were just OK. The 'croutons', these aren't croutons, rolls cut in 1/2,toasted with parmesan etc, really good, had to stop eating them to eat dinner. Salad, good, dressing, great. Homeade blue chees with blue cheese crumbles on top, nice. Steaks, 2 of us had 14oz ribeyes, 2 had filets. My ribeye was the best ribeye I've eaten out in many a day. Very very good flavor, cooked perfect. Others said their filets and ribeye were very good also. Great service despite being crowded. Lesson learned, should have gone here a long long time ago. I'll be back.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/13/2013,111,135,,4,3>Mellow Mushroom opened in East Memphis a few days ago.  They, of course, have plenty of kinks to iron out, but nothing that a seasoned eater wouldn't expect from a brand new restaurant.This location is in a wonderful place in the Eastgate Shopping Center with plenty of surrounding parking.  The main entrance is technically the back of the building in relation to the street its address is on.Service was quick.  My friend and I chose to eat out on the patio, which is extremely spacious and is covered in case of rain.  The staff were friendly.  Honestly, they seemed a bit overstaffed for the time we were there (between 4p-6p), but it made for a nice meal, since all of our needs were anticipated.Unfortunately, the wrong pizza was made for us, causing our wait time to be about 20 minutes longer than it would have been otherwise.  But, props to the management staff, they not only didn't make the server break the news and told us themselves, but they gave us both pizzas AND comped half of our bill (which was for only one pizza to begin with).  I was really impressed with their eagerness to solve the problem before it even came to the table.  When the correct pizza came, it was wonderful.  Perfectly cooked with just the right amount of toppings.  For chain pizza, it was delicious, and just added to the many reasons that I will be coming back to this location.All in all, for it being within their first week, I was really impressed with the service, food, and management.  It will be really awesome to see how they improve as time goes on.  Doesn't matter though, I'll be coming back.  So long as they don't get worse, they've got a regular customer in me!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,11/12/2013,73,51,2,3,2>This is another place I tried this week on the basis of rave reviews from my Yelp! buddies. And while it was good, I wasn't blown out of my seat. Part of the problem was after reading the previous reviews, I had extremely high expectations -- so high that perhaps I was setting myself up for a let down. The food I ordered looked like a small sandwhich on flat bread -- it was actually a fried plantain with shredded beef, slaw, sheese, avacado, and ?? -- held together with a tooth pick (like a hamburger at Huey's). I tried to eat the first one by picking it up.....I don't think that was the proper method because by the end of the first one I had narrowly missed putting most of the "sandwhich" in my lap.  -- I used a knife and fork for the second one.My friend ordered an Arepa which came with homemade potato chips -- fried to order. While I didn't try the Arepa, the chips were soggy with grease. Not so much as to be inedible, but definately not the intent.So I feel like a traitor giving this place only 4-stars after seeing that so many others are smitten by this place. I'm going back...maybe even today...and hopefully I'll see what everyone else has experienced. To that end -- I would recommend going if for no other reason than to just try something different. It's a nice place -- simple, nicely decorated, clean and very friendly wait staff. It has all the right ingredients for a 5-star review if I can get on board with the food.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/11/2013,65,212,4,5,3>Things I love about Slider Inn:1. Great beer selection (local and otherwise)2. Friendly waitstaff (I mean, seriously, how can you not smile at a waitress who forgets your order, then slaps herself in the face?)3. TVs for those who want to watch sports, muted for those who don't4. Three syllables: PA. TI. O.5. MULTIPLE yummy vegetarian options?!?!  At a bar?!?! Count me in.  The falafel slider and fried egg sliders are good for veg-heads and m-eaters alike, and I have a special place in my heart for anywhere that puts a decent rendition of PB&J on the menu.There's your five stars right there, but I could go on.  I appreciated that the manager was hanging around greeting customers, plenty of space to sit, and a laid-back atmosphere where we were welcome to stay a while.  I haven't been felt so relaxed in a good long while.  This might very well be my new favorite spot in Memphis!
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,9/20/2014,43,104,4,6,8>Bella!!On the northeast corner of Cooper and Young, a new dining establishment is raising the bar on Memphis' Italian cuisine. Strano! is a welcomed delight. Not to toot my horn too loudly, but I lived for many years in southern Italy and these are the sophisticated impressions my palate fondly recalls. Chef Josh is integrating the flavors of Sicily and the Mediterranean into his contemporary menu. From the dining room, your nostrils may pick up a tantalizing whiff of smoke from the wood grill/oven transported here from one of New York's boroughs. The calamari: authentically grilled (or served breaded for the unrefined). The lamb chops were perfectly complete in a pomegranate rosemary reduction. The ample portion of Vegetable Coucous with a hint of cinnamon paired well with the lamb. To cap off a lovely evening, Chef offered his divine interpretation of Limoncello Rosemary Cake. Upon tasting, I died and went to Heaven.Let's not forget the attentive staff. By way of example, after ordering a cocktail from the server, the bartender personally came to the dining room to confirm my selection of a top shelf aged liquor. I like that.Memphis, this is not your Momma's pickled vegetables (FYI..I can't stand that lame trend amongst local restaurants). Prepare to be impressed.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,9/19/2014,143,65,5,10,4>Now that Pho Vietnam is closed, where do I go? Phuong Long! That's where! And looks like most of the employees from Pho Vietnam did too! Phuong Long is under new management. I've asked if it's the same owners from Pho Vietnam, they, however, told me no. BTW, easily one of the best service from a Vietnamese restaurant in this town.What I typically get from a Vietnamese place to get a good idea of whether a place is good is Pho Tai, Bun Bo Hue, Spring Rolls, Egg Rolls (mini if they have it), Vietnamese Crepe, pork chops, and Banh Mi! Luckily, I've now tried all these items, so here come the reviews.First, with nearly every Vietnamese noodle soups, you would find collection of garnishes that you apply yourself. If you want a little more basil, you put in more basil.  And the Phuong Long collection is certainly bigger if not the biggest in town. There are the typical Thai basil, cilantro, culantro, lime, jalapeno, and beans spouts. And they also have onions and mint, and 2 other herbs I don't know the English name of a short thin leaf and a big green sometime purple leaf (which I have in my own backyard). I will update the names later once I find out!I'm a lover of noodle soups, and by no mean am I an expert. But I do dibble in making my own different varieties of noodle soups. (I'm trying to sound humble...) The broth here is not as sweet as it was over at Pho Vietnam, and it's much more flavorful than Saigon Le, their closest competitor. It is also more greasy than Pho Saigon and Green Bamboo. But sometimes grease is GOOD. What's a bacon with no grease, am I right? Although I honestly can't tell you which is my favorite between the three because I do enjoy a lighter taste sometimes, I can tell you that if you like a heavier flavor, this is definitely a good place.Pho Tai is the most basic of all Vietnamese noodles. It's a rice noodle soup topped with thinly sliced raw beef where the hot broth will do the cooking. I don't have any complaints here. Bun Bo Hue is a more advanced soup. It's got beef, pork, pork blood cake, pork feet, and it's spicy. Currently, I would say that they have the best Bun Bo Hue in this town.Being allergic to shellfish (but still being forced to eat lots of them when I was younger which somewhat got me used to it), I can detect freshness of shellfish like shrimp very easily. For the spring rolls, the shrimp could definitely be fresher. I don't have much complaints about the eggrolls or the crepes.The Banh Mi is pretty horrible here. I would not repeat.The pork chops, clearly one of the most popular items here if you're here when the restaurant is packed, is so-so. The pork chop is char sui style. But I wish there was more char sui sauce.I also didn't detect very much lemongrass on the pork tenderloin on the vermicelli, but I would be surprised if lemongrass in not there at all. I wish there was more. Nothing else disappoints, other than the screaming children running around all over the restaurant...They sometimes have cold items for sell on the side. I once for got some sticky rice with dried shrimp and char sui pork. It was pretty awesome. I've never seen it again.Phuong Long definitely took Pho Vietnam's spot in my Memphis Pho Trinity. And if you like service at a Vietnamese restaurant, you now only have here and Green Bamboo.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,9/18/2014,33,89,5,3,3>My BFF and I went opening night and were blown away. We got a variety of skewers, apps, and rice bowls. The scallops (divine), the shrimp, the bacon wrapped asparagus (so good we added another order), the chicken thigh and green onion (a bit overcooked but still incredible flavor), the beef and onion rice bowl (so so so good, and HUGE), and the cold beef appetizer, along with the vegetable pot stickers (no that's not the name, but I'll get to that).Cute little place that WILL fill up quickly, Very bouncy floors, but it's an historical house, so no issues there. Our waitress was a little too attentive, but our waters were always full and she was super sweet. The tables are very close together, and if the people next to you are awful, like the people next to us were, you'll know (seriously, they were the most unhappy people ever I think), but the food is so good, even if that's an issue you probably won't notice. Here is my only problem. I had no idea what anything was. Yes, I get that they're trying to be very authentic, and I love that. But it's like watching a foreign film without subtitles because it's more authentic that way. Problem? You don't speak the language. I definitely would have branched out more if I had been able to see pictures or had more detailed descriptions. I know that makes me sound like an ignorant American, but really I'm just not someone who is familiar with Asian food, but who would like to learn. Very reasonable prices. We were beyond stuffed for way under $30 each. Not so stuffed that we didn't go spend a ton of money at Sweet Noshings, but full enough that we couldn't even think about trying on clothes at The Attic and I changed into comfy pants as soon as I got home.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,9/17/2014,98,313,5,6,4>Absolutely beautiful restaurant, and such a great addition to East Memphis. Ridgeway & Poplar seem to be getting overtaken by upscale, steakhouses: Ruth's Chris, Fleming's, and now Capital Grille. Our waiter was fantastic. Even though this was a work function, we were really laid-back and the waiter accommodated his service accordingly, i.e. not being overly stuffy or pretentious. Having said that, the entire staff was really nice--including the hostess and the guys at the valet stand. For the appetizers, I tried the lobster and crab cakes (2 on a plate--delicious). The calamari was good with the addition of the hot peppers. I also had the Stoli Doli which was pineapple martini--went down smooth.For the entree I had the sushi grade tuna steak with three different sauces and gingered rice. I was a little underwhelmed by the flavor--it didn't blow me away, so next time I come, I'll probably try something different. My coworkers who had the steak entrees were more than satisfied with their entrees--obviously that is Capital Grille's specialty. The desserts also looked great. I didn't partake, but the cheesecake got a lot of great compliments. All in all, a very good experience. Next time, I'm going to try the happy hour at the bar.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/16/2014,19,58,1,4,4>Love, love this place! The patio is perfect for an early evening dinner or a lazy brunch. The food is always great. It's a little expensive to spend a few hours drinking here, but that's my only complaint. Margaritas: On this trip, I tried the Chiwawa margarita. It has a smoky flavor that wasn't my style. It sort of reminded me of the smell of the kickball team at the end of tournament day. I ordered a standard margarita the next round and it hit the mood just right. App: Order the guacamole and chips. Big chunks of avocado and flaky, crispy chips. Entree: I ordered two tacos, the Taco de Madre and Carnitas. Both are moist and flavorful. I did have a bit of trouble with the tortilla on the Carnitas. It seems it was too moist and drenched the shell. A few of the girls ordered the spinach salad. This will be my choice on the next trip! The ingredients meld very well. The tuna was overdone, but I'll just specify to barely sear it. Entertainment: There was a guy playing crowd favorites after the sun set. I didn't catch his name, but he had a perfect patio tone! Give this place a shot if you haven't been!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,9/15/2014,28,111,1,4,4>I've made it my mission to try every taco shop in Memphis... These are definitely my favorite. The meats have the best flavors around. I like to keep it simple with just cilantro and onion to not take away from that. For $2 a taco and super fast service, why would you go to a fast food place for a taco. You definitely have to try this food truck.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,9/14/2014,180,199,6,6,8>There are many reasons why I occasionally delay publishing a review.  Usually the review will remain in draft until I find just the right words to express my opinion or describe the experience.  That is not the case here.  I first ate at Roxie's over two years ago and then.... nothing. Why?  Because, I just didn't feel that I could write anything that would accurately express how satisfied this place makes me feel.  I just can't do it!  So here it is, my honest, yet simple review:Fresh-made burgers + Sketchy location + No seating = Food adventureWhich results in...I'm gonna a need a fork + And more napkins + Holy crap that's a good burger = One very happy food adventurer
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/13/2014,123,66,1,4,5>Nestled in the heart of midtown (Madison Ave and Cooper St) there so many new bars and restaurants that have opened up and I've been a fan of locals downtown location since i lived downtown a few years back. I'm so glad they opened up a 2nd location in midtown now where we don't have to drive another 15 mins dwntwn.I've held several events from bday parties to NYE parties the past year already and its been fun. They do take care of you from the wonderful hosts to the staff serving you and the managers that make sure your visit has been pleasant. They have 2 floors and each one has its own bar. The kitchen is downstairs so food is prepared and brought to your table whether you are sitting on the 1st or 2nd floor. Just a word of advice, i've had this happen to myself but please be careful when going up or down the stairs when you've had some to drink. I've had my share of slips so the handrails are my bffs now =). The food is a bit different than all the other, they have that southern hint from chicken and waffles to a modern twist of a lobster sandwich. Both are my favorites! I enjoy the brewskys as well. They carry several local beers and have an extensive menu on that as well. Its a great place to start up any night from good local food and drinks with whomever you are accompanying.Just an FYI, Locals also have hosted Grizzly and Tiger watch parties as well.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,9/12/2014,32,74,1,6,5>Hello, Babalu.  Welcome to Midtown!  Please open a location downtown so I can stop by for taco dinner every night on my way home from work.I hit up this place on Saturday afternoon.  The outside was cute!  Lots of tables if you're looking for a good patio scene.  The inside was HUGE!  Tons of table, so you don't have to worry about waiting too long to be seated.I think that any great Mexican style meal needs to start out with a refreshing drink.  I got the Pepe O'Malley, which was well balanced.  The second necessity is guacamole.  I loved that they make this tableside and you can interact with the person making the guac!  However, sun dried tomatoes instead of fresh?  Um yeah, no.  Otherwise, it was excellent!The tacos were uh-maze-ing.  They are small, so each taco is about a 4 bite size and costs $3.  You can get the tacos a la carte or in a platter of three, so no need to worry if you aren't that hungry.  The pork belly was my favorite, but the menu looked so great that I could have tried one of everything.The décor felt a little like an upscale casual restaurant that was literally transplanted out of Mexico and into Memphis.  A little rustic, but nice.  I think this place has tons of potential...a great date spot, group hangout or just to meet a friend for a drink at the huge bar.I have a feeling that this place will bring a lot of people to the Midtown area.  Great for the local businesses, bad for the parking situation.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/11/2014,75,160,3,6,7>If you have not taken the opportunity to visit Heathers Cosmetics, your cute little self has a new top priority! Heather is a wonderful make-up artist with sixteen years experience and she has an equally fantastic and talented team. Ms. Heather has developed a skin care line that makes your skin feel and look like silk; who doesn't want silky smooth skin? She also has a make-up line that gives all of the top lines a run for their money. To me, her make-up line wears similar to NARS but cost less. I love her products and I highly recommend them. All it takes is one trip to Heathers and you will be forever converted. Now if you weren't running out your door to visit Heathers here are a few more reasons you will LOVE this place: all products are eco-friendly and animal friendly and all products are made in the good 'ol U.S. of A!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,2/11/2013,18,118,2,6,1>I absolutely love this Kroger.  I eat lunch from their hot bar nearly everyday.  It is, in my humble opinion, the best lunch value in town.  I can't even think of a close second.  They regularly serve high quality meats and vegetables.  Today the bar had the best beef brisket I think I ever put in my mouth.  They also had salmon, pork chops, steamed kale, bratwurst, chicken, brussel sprouts, broccoli, asparagus, sauteed peppers, etc.  Think Whole Foods' hot bar for a fraction of the price.  The people always treat me with respect and show that they value my patronage.  I feel fortunate to have easy access to this Kroger from my office and home.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,2/10/2013,36,117,2,5,2>Itta Bena ... tough to find, fine to dine, been there five times... so it's time to write the review, sans rhymes:Pro's:- Location: If you're at the top of Beale Street, looking down it from 2nd, the blue awning just to your right (on 2nd St) where the valet guy is standing... that's the entrance.  - Parking: The valet is $5.  If you're from Memphis, that's "reasonable"... if you're from any other city on the planet earth, that's "insanely cheap."  Just do the valet.- Service: Some people have a tough time with service here, and I've seen it go down with some vocal complaining at other tables, but we must get lucky every time with the good servers.  We had a group of 12 once for a birthday, with all sorts of split checks and food allergies going on, and the guy (Alex maybe?) handled it all incredibly well.  Nice work, fella.- Special menu items: She crab soup, eh, it's okay, and I back it, but the Duck and Waffles is something to be sought out.  I've also had a steak there and it was solid (and I'm a bit of a snob on the steak front), and the rice/veggies/sides... always great.- Ambiance: It's dimly lit, but not hard to see, and you certainly get the feeling that you're in a bit of a hideaway.- Groups: They've got some great separate areas that are good for large groups, which is actually tougher to find in downtown Memphis restaurants than most realize.Con's:- Management/Organization: It's a bit chaotic, and we've had some issues with reservations there more than once.- Server/Bar/Kitchen Area: Again, on the chaos front, that area near the bar with the servers and the kitchen, and the bar... it's too much exposure to the general dining area for what should be 'behind the scenes' action.- Bourbon: I'm a manhattan guy, and they just don't have enough selection on the rye bourbon front... but I suppose I'm just being picky at this point.Would I recommend it?  Yes, certainly.  Will I be back for a sixth or seven trip?  You bet.  See you there.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,2/9/2013,100,106,,6,2>What a cozy little neighborhood restaurant! The place has about 8-10 tables, and when I went at 5:30 on a Thursday it wasn't crowded at all. I wasn't here for a meal, as I was killing time waiting on 6:15 appointment, so I decided to peruse the menu to consider for a future visit. I ordered an appetizer (or side dish as they have it listed) - Se-u-jean. These were little patties of goodness (I'm sure "patties" isn't their actual description, but hey, I'm from the south). The ones I ordered were made up of shrimp, carrots, green onion, and another vegetable or two. They were served with soy sauce for dipping, and they were delicious. I ordered a Tangerine Wheat Beer from Lost Coast Brewery (this is the only beer on draft), and it was soooo good. It paired perfectly with my appetizer. They do have a lot of bottle beers to choose from, and you can bring in your own wine for a corking fee (no wine on the menu). The service was wonderful. My server answered every question I had about the dishes on the menu, and believe me, I had a lot of questions. She was friendly, patient, and more than helpful. This would be a great place for a date night, or a quiet dinner with friends. I'll definitely be back when I have time for dinner. The prices were also very affordable, especially considering everything is made fresh to order.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,2/8/2013,41,109,2,2,2>I had a business lunch at Interim today. They atmosphere was great. I liked the open kitchen concept. The decor is simple, clean,  and elegant. The service was great. I had the Turkey Cobb salad and it was delicious. My colleagues had the Blackened Catfish with Collard Green and Grits. They gave the dish Five Stars. Additiionally, the Bread pudding and Chocolate Cake (we shared the desserts) were good as well. I truly recommend this restaurant. Great dining experience. Thanks Rosemary.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/7/2013,12,109,,1,1>I was introduced to this place awhile back, and I found it a rather pleasing place to enjoy a lunch.I had a Blazing Buffalo Chicken wrap, and boy was it good.  Along with chips and a large sweet tea, the meal was defiantly a filler-upper.Sitting down inside the restaurant gave me a feeling of comfort and relaxation that I rarely find now a days in many restaurants and establishments.Prices are very reasonable.  Check out a great sandwhich shop next time your are in Memphis!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,2/6/2013,3,10,,4,2>The Humane Society of Memphis and Shelby County is a wonderful place. They rescue cats and dogs that are near death and do everything they possible can for them. It is a lovely facility and the staff is so helpful. You can tell how much the love animals right when you walk in the door. They are a perfect mix of charm and quirk. Plus...they let you come in and play with the babies! It's called volunteering ;)
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/5/2013,53,148,,5,1>I couldn't get home fast enough to write this review!  I had to take my dog to the vet this evening.  I wasn't sure if I could get an appointment so last minute, but it was no problem.  Wolfchase was recommended to us by someone D works with, so we figured it couldn't be too bad...  It was great!  From the minute we walked in, the people checking us in were super friendly, and they really seemed to love all the animals that came through the door.  What we loved most, though, was Dr. Taylor!!  She was wonderful, and kind, and funny, and seemed to enjoy the company of not just our dog, but us, too.  They also have an online "Pet Portal" that I know we will be using to make appointments and keep up with Roosevelt's records.  Thanks so much!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,2/4/2013,44,103,,3,2>WIll be returning! Husband and I had Beef Pho and my little one had dumplings. We also shared a hurricane roll which was quite tasty  and didn't skimp of the filling! The sauce over it was different, but a great pairing. During our visit all the guest dining received a sample of ginger wings which smelled  amazing, but I let my husband have them as I was absolutely stuffed.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,2/3/2013,12,22,,2,2>One of my favorite pizzas in Memphis. I'm a big fan of thin crust pizza and that's what you get here.  I love the BBQ pizza, but you can't go wrong with a standard pepperoni pizza.  I also like their Greek salad.  The guys in the back all seem to be retro '80's fans which lines right up with my actual past.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,2/2/2013,47,110,2,4,2>I gotta say I liked this place better when it was smaller and less trafficky.  But the expansion, wait time, and fame comes because they earned their success.Bro J's fame would've probably happened anyway, but Rachel Ray's feature of it for breakfast on her $40 a Day TV show was the likely culprit.  (And she even mispronounced the omelet she got:  She featured the San Diegan and pronounced it [San Dee-gan] instead of [San Dee-ay-gan].)After a few visits, I settled in on an omelet with gyro meat and their house-made five-grain strune bread.  Now I seldom consider anything else.I give Brother Juniper 5 stars for good food and being original and a credit to the local restaurant scene.  But I do have a request for the management:  upgrade the coffee.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,7/18/2013,122,128,7,8,8>Let me quickly set the mood......First, imagine yourself sitting in a dark room. Next, you get the tantalizing smell of smokey bliss and charcoal hitting your nostrils. You hear a voice come around the corner chatting up a storm with someone. He hits your table. He lays down a platter with a full rack of ribs with accompaniments like mustard slaw and baked beans. You think to yourself, nothing special right? WRONG. You bite into those ribs and the sweet smokey meat hits your tastebuds, then they're blindsided by the vinegar baste. BAM! You don't know what to say. You're speechless...This my friends, is a Rendezvous moment.It's not just the fact that you have to walk down an alley to get to it. It's not just the fact that you can smell the smoke from the charcoal pits blocks away if the wind hits you just right. It's not just the fact that after a couple of visits, the older servers know you by name. It's that THIS is Memphis barbecue. You HAVE to start with a sausage and cheese plate. And let's not kid ourselves, you didn't come for the pulled pork. You came for the legendary ribs. And legendary they are indeed. Don't wimp out and get the small rack. Go big or go home. You came for barbecue and you won't settle for wimpy portions. It's not hype. It's tradition. This place doesn't stay in business because it's a tourist trap. It stays in business because it's the best damn ribs you can get.Don't miss it.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,7/17/2013,8,73,3,3,4>This is a Memphis treasure.  If you enjoy learning more about nature and plants, this is your place. They have beautiful gardens, including many specialty gardens such as an herb garden, a children's garden, and a Japanese garden. The gardens include a daffodil hill in the spring that is awesome, and they now have a small open-air chapel for weddings and parties, that is very special.  MBG has speakers on subjects such as bird migration, and raising chickens in your backyard; they have art exhibits and offer art and photography lessons. They even have entertainment events in the evening for wine-lovers and family outings. There is a farmer's market in the summer and fall, there is outdoor yoga practice. You should take advantage of this wonderful resource that receives some city funding and has used it very wisely.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,7/16/2013,59,133,,3,2>We love CMOM!The membership is worth it. Unless you're from out of town and won't be coming back, it is not worth it to pay for tickets to get in. It's probably going to be a little boring for kids over 10, but then again, maybe not. We go at least once a week.The best thing about it is the various programs they do throughout the day. They have Spanish immersion, Silly Science, story time, and a lot of other fun things that mix up the routine for people like us who visit sometimes multiple times a week.Overall, great for indoor fun!
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,7/15/2013,33,56,4,8,3>I usually go to another nail salon a bit farther down the road from my place, but at a fellow Yelper's suggestion, I gave Nails by Nicole a shot today.  Not only did she do a great job, the nail tech also spent a good amount of time making sure I liked the finished product.  Unlike my regular salon, there was no champagne and mood lighting - but there was also no line and no rush.  I was there for over an hour and I saw two other people come in.  Granted it was in the early afternoon, but it was still a welcome respite.  There will always be those times that you want to go and pamper yourself at those "spa" style nail salons, but most of the time, I just want to get my nails done and get going with the rest of my day.  Nails by Nicole is clean, has up-to-date equipment and very friendly staff.  I will definitely be visiting this place again. Thank you Joelle P. for the excellent suggestion!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,7/14/2013,144,165,8,14,8>I read that Payne's Bar-B-Q has been described by some national media as "In the hood. Open only during the day. Cash Only." Well, Speedy's may never reach the iconic status of Payne's or get the national attention, but the same description applies, except that it probably can't afford to open only during the day, yet. It's open 7 days a week with ridiculously long hours. This hole-in-the-wall has been open for months but I believe it has recently adopted a rebranding strategy by changing signage and putting out banners, and it finally caught my eye on my daily commute route. The menu is wild but makes sense considering the location and the ethnicity of the husband/wife team. On the other hand, it seems that Korean food lends itself particularly well to wild fusion--the famed Kogi BBQ truck in LA as well as Bop N Grill in Chicago of Triple D fame comes to mind. Donuts aren't my thing (unless I can't find anything else for breakfast), neither are burgers or wings (Speedy's has them all). What keeps me coming back is the small selection of home-style Korean food*. I had a seafood pancake and it might just be the meaniest Korean pancake I've ever had. A loaded 12'' beast for $7! It was unreal and not for those with a timid palate. I can't wait to try their bibimbap (you will see variations of its spelling in different places). They also make their own kimchi (not uncommon in Korean families of course). In my humble opinion, Speedy's has found itself in the fine company of those odd little places with surprising finds that may open you up to a brave new world. The food is homey, humble and packed with flavors. I even like the graffiti-covered interior walls. My only gripe is that the bathroom lock is a little cumbersome for those less mechanically inclined (myself not included of course), that and PSY on repeat. *A fellow yelper did a tally before, but can we say Memphis now has a total of 3 Korean restaurants? 2 full ones are Asiana Garden and DWJ, plus 2 halves being Kwik Check/Crazy Noodle and Speedy's.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/13/2013,153,109,2,10,6>I really could be addicted to coffee, not just any coffee though, decorative coffee... It just amazes me how they can make coffee so incredibly beautiful! I will be a frequent goer at this location because I start Graduate school in September and will need a quiet place to study/work. This location has only been open five days, and almost everything on their menu is available now. I love that most everything served is locally grown or made. Going in today I chose to sit at the bar since there was nobody there. I really enjoyed watching the staff make the food and the coffee. The staff at this location was so amazing. They asked multiple times how everything was and made many suggestions on what was the best thing to order.I ordered the Cinnful Jim and agreed for the waitress to make it the way she liked it, which was absolutely delicious! I also ordered the Bagel & Lox... I have always wanted to try this, but this was my first time to be brave enough. I will literally probably never eat anything else for breakfast when I go out. It's such a refreshing dish. I think this location is going to take off and be very successful. It has a great location and the U of M students need to take full advantage of this place! I can't wait to spend my grad school days here and see what the future holds for this location!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/12/2013,88,190,2,5,3>the shaved ice here is amazing. the ice is super fine. we hate shaved ice w/ big chunks of ice because it usually tastes watered down. not here. whatever flavor you order is usually exactly what it tastes like. we tried the ninja turtle and that tastes just like those ninja turtle ice cream on a stick w/ bubble gum eyes that you buy  from the ice cream truck. although my kids weren't fans of it, they prefer the basic flavors like cherry or watermelon. they only ordered it because of the cool name. the infamous wedding cake flavor was so interesting. it really tastes exactly what it's named after. i don't know if i liked it too much since i prefer the fruity flavors in shaved ice. but kudos to them for being so unique & spot on. prices are really cheap too. can't wait to try the burger since my friends say it's pretty good here. probably the best snow cones i've ever tried since i've never had snow cones w/ such fine ice. best texture ever.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,7/11/2013,391,293,,5,3>Mister P's has some of the best hot wings! I like my wings crispy andFlavorful! Some wings you get are gooey and breaded whereas these are not! The sauces are delicious and tangy! The French fries are also delicious ! If you have an appetite for wings you seriously need to stop by Mister P's!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/10/2013,961,900,13,8,12>One of the first things I did before moving to Memphis was look at the demographics.  Being labeled an "Honorary Asian" in Atlanta, I would have liked that tradition to continue on.  Out of close to 800,000 people in Memphis, according to the Census, there were less than 22,000 Asians here.  I think I have spotted 63 of them so far (yes, I have been keeping track).  So you all are probably wondering: A)what in the hell am I talking about B)how crazy am I C) when is this review going to start?I needed to find an Asian community, and I think I scored with that- thanks to my admin assistant.  She is a huge anime fan, and told me to check out a place called Edo.  She busts her ass for me, so I wanted to give her the benefit of the doubt.  I am glad I did.I was jonesin for some Japanese food on Sunday, and I thought this would be a perfect time to check it out.  I had asked a special someone if she would like to join, but had other plans- so I asked my roomie (he kidnapped me Sat, I kidnapped him Sun) if he wanted to come.  Mind you, he is not a big fan of seafood, or Japanese food.When we arrived, I was shocked to see that the parking lot was empty.  I heard this place has been open for at LEAST 25 years, so they must be doing something right.  I am not too familiar with the history, but I heard management may or may not have changed hands and things could be for better or for worse.  I just wanted to chow on some damn good Japanese food.You could tell the place was frozen in time, I almost felt like Sean Connery in Ian Fleming's "You Only Live Twice" (one of my favorite Bond movies, FYI).  It was like a timewarp.  The menu is simple, and since they do not have hibachi style, it was a nice change for me.  I ordered a dinner combo- with Sakura scallops and tempura shrimp.  For an app, I got the Kushi Katsu (fried pork on a stick).  My buddy got the classic tonkatsu- I told him if he didn't like it, he could cause a scene.Speaking of scenes- hold that thought for later.They served Coke- which was a pleasant surprise.  You better believe I got one.  Then my ginger salad came out, along with my kushi katsu.  The dressing on the salad was good, and the greens were fresh.  I also enjoyed the fried pork.  It came glazed in a sweet soy.Shortly after, the main plates came out.  The tonkatsu had 2 pieces of pork, and he really enjoyed it.  My scallops were great, as I have never had them served that way.  The tempura was decent as well.  Definitely a filling meal.On the menu, I saw they had tempura ice cream for dessert.  Remember earlier how I told you to hold that thought?  Well we must have been creating a scene when we were eating (hell, we were the only people there).  When I ordered the ice cream, it came out with 2 spoons.  WTF??? They thought we were dating- LOL, I guess it didn't help when I told her checks together.  *Sigh*.The restroom was kind of interesting, it was in the back, behind a curtain.  It had a communal sink in the hallway.  The mens restroom was kind of small, so you had to go at an angle (unless you wanted to risk falling through the wall).Overall, I really liked this place and I am glad I got to check it out.  I will definitely have to go back and try some other things.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,7/8/2013,42,32,5,6,3>I started eating here about a year ago after a coworker raved about how good the chicken on  a stick was. We went one day for lunch and have been hooked since. During lunch you can get the special- which is a chicken on a stick, 2 whole wings, and fries for $5. That's a pretty solid deal these days. The place itself is a little shack in front of a trailer park. The parking sucks for the amount of people who are coming in. However, I was there last week and it looks like they have hired someone to "direct" parking lol. The wait/dining area is just a little bit bigger than my bathroom, and it is always super packed. There is a counter area where I suppose you can dine at, but I have never seen anyone do so. The chicken on a stick is fantastic... but if you ask me their fries are the bomb-dot-com! The fries are nothing more than cheap crinkle fries, but its the way they season them and they are always fried perfectly. And if you are a fan of fried okra, definitely try theirs. The batter on the okra is slightly spicy and a lot of delicious. I had to take away a star because of the barbecue sauce they give you n the side with the chicken  on a stick. It's just bottled sauce that they have watered down. They also have steak on the stick which I have yet to try. And of course with any place like this you have cakes and pies and such. The last time I was there, I ordered a slice of strawberry cake. when she cut my slice, I swear it was almost a fourth of that cake. All of the grilled food is prepared out in the back on huge "seasoned" smokers. You can also purchase a can of their special seasoning, we are on our second one now ;-)
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,3/19/2012,20,20,,4,3>I have lived about a mile away from Interim for almost three years now and until today had only been there for dinner once a long time ago. Not sure why. During our "stay cation" this week, my wife and I went there for lunch and absolutely loved it. According to our receipt, our server was Mary. She was very nice and did a great job steering us toward some absolutely delicious items on the menu. We started with two cups of soup, a roasted corn and a curry asparagus. Although both were great, the asparagus soup really stood out. The curry wasn't overwhelming and it had a slight hint of lemon, giving it a especially fresh flavor.For the main meal, I had a Redfish with lump crab meat and a buerre blanc sauce and my wife had a Baked Oyster dish. Both were incredibly good and made for an awesome lunch under $40 for both of us. Great service and great food. Now, I have to go back for dinner.I hear their burger is awesome as well.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2011,3/18/2012,16,8,,4,5>I am a first time buyer looking for a nice ring. This store was small and you wouldn't think much of it looking at it from the outside. But they had a nice selection inside with the ability to order anything I wanted. It is run by a husband and wife - and they were the nicest people to work with. I will return here in the future. Much better than your large chain jewelry stores.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,3/17/2012,88,77,,1,1>Great bar - the bartender is friendly and helpful and they have a nice selection of wines by the glass.We were there on a weeknight for drinks and a light dinner. We started with the Tomato Mozzarella, which was fresh and delicious. I had the Cobb salad with added grilled chicken for dinner. Dressing was creamy -- maybe a little too creamy -- with a great flavor. Great atmosphere and a good place to meet up for a quiet drink or two.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,3/16/2012,4,23,,3,4>Went because my Aunt went and said they had great sandwiches and she was right.  I had the the Italian classic #2 and it was very good.  They serve what they call a salad on the side which was just a piece of leaf lettuce, big slice of tomato, black olives and a pickle, but I just put the items on my sandwich and it made it all the better.  Also I ordered an iced tea and it was made fresh, which I really liked. They had amazing looking cakes which i'll have to try sometime, but was full after my sandwich so just a small hazelnut gelato which was super yum!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,3/13/2012,18,118,,8,4>This place is ridiculously under-frequented.  I imagine many people keep driving at the site of Lotus.  The exterior is not pretty and it is not in a quaint, trendy area.  Walk in the door though, and you will be rewarded.  You realize why hole in the wall restaurants endear themselves to people willing to step off the beaten path.  The man running Lotus was kind and patient.  He spent quite a bit of time talking to us about the food.  The food was great, and the portions were outstanding.  I will go back for the atmosphere, the kind old man, and of course the food.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,3/12/2012,13,9,2,2,2>Go there knowing the place is small.  Don't plan on hitting it for a guys night out if you have more than 5 people.  It gets crowded and space is limited.  As for the wings, awesome.  Fries, awesome.  I got the extra hot and the seasoned wings.  They were both good.  After a while the extra hot's heat started to get to me.  Next time I will tone it down a bit.  Great experience, maybe the best wings in town.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,3/11/2012,31,38,2,2,4>I love this place.  As a vegetarian for about eight years now, when I'm craving a sandwich, I typically find myself here for the Cheese Combo.  It's delicious.  I order it without the Italian dressing and have always been told to order the hard bun, BUT the last time I was there I'm pretty sure I got the soft - and it's fine too - kinda sweet.  I've heard really good things about their tuna sub as well, but can't bring myself to order anything other than the cheese sandwich.  It's that good.I think for an eight inch sub, a drink and chips, it's around $8, which I find reasonable.  I always order to-go and have never had to wait more than 10 minutes.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,3/10/2012,27,85,2,5,4>I went here for Sunday Brunch with my fiance to celebrate our engagement. The service was friendly and the food was delicious. We enjoyed the prime rib, made-to-order omelets, waffles with strawberries and cream, smoked salmon, and dessert section (added a picture of my desserts before they got gobbled up).It's rather pricey but I'd love to go again to celebrate something special
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/9/2012,29,78,,4,3>A coworker took us here one day for lunch, saying she'd gone there for lunch at her last job. Pulling up, this place looks like any other little strip mall restaurant in the country. Once you walk in it has a very Subway-ish feel to it. However, the dining experience is totally different though. First of all, it's a sit-down restaurant. That's a nice touch. Second, the food is AMAZING. You MUST try the guacamole. Go ahead and order two servings. The two of the people who were with us didn't like guacamole until they tried it here. I think the reason is that it tastes like they made it when you ordered it, and it's not that nasty pureed stuff you get at other places. Nice, fresh chunks of avocado and tomato with lime is what you get. Truly an incredible experience. The tacos are amazing also. You order them a la carte so you can make your meal whatever you want, big or small. I love this place. I think they evern make their orn tortillas.The best thing about this place is the price. You could eat a huge meal for about $6. Everything at this place is so fresh and good, I highly recommend it to anyone and everyone. My only complaint is that it's not closer to my home.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,3/8/2012,5,16,7,6,5>My husband and I initially discovered Mimi's Italian Café in Bartlett because of a coupon, and it's pretty much been love ever since. Let me start this review off by telling you everything you need to know: Go eat here. And wear loose-fitting pants. That's it; you can skip the rest of this review if you're short on time. For the long version, let me start with the location and atmosphere. Mimi's is located in a small strip mall off of US 70 near Appling Road. Pulling up, it doesn't look like much, but as with so many things in life, appearances are deceiving. There's a small patio out front that always seems to be filled with regulars enjoying themselves. Once inside, you'll be charmed. It's not terribly large inside, but it's nicely decorated - there's a smallish bar area (full bar, and a decent selection of wine and beer) and a larger main dining room. You'll be fine in either place. The bar area does have a TV, but it's not obtrusive.The one thing I will warn you about is that this place can get very crowded on the weekends, and sometimes they book their main dining room for private parties. If you're seriously craving Italian food on the weekend, call before you go just to make sure there's not a private party or a long waiting time. The service is excellent. This is a family run place, and everyone takes pride in their work. Even on busy nights, we've never had bad service there. On to the food - it's outstanding. They have a huge selection of appetizers, a few pizzas, and tons of amazing entrees. They have specials that are mostly not included on the menu - make sure you ask about them. That's how I stumbled onto pork tenderloin with mushroom cream sauce, and it was incredible. All of their entrees except their pizzas and (I think) their burger come with a choice of soup or salad. I've heard their soups are amazing, but I can't pass up a salad with a good Italian dressing (and this one is great), so I haven't ordered soup yet. As far as the appetizers go, I recommend their pesto bruschetta and their mussels. The pesto bruschetta is a thick (and garlicky, so don't order this on a first date!) pesto spread on toasted crostini and topped with mozzarella. If you love pesto, cheese, and bread - and who doesn't? - you'll love these. The mussels are steamed in this addictive wine/herb/garlic sauce - you get a huge portion, and they're some of the best mussels in town. My standby entrée is their Mimi's Crusted Chicken. A giant chicken breast is coated in seasoned breadcrumbs and lightly fried - it's not greasy at all. That's served on top of sliced tomatoes with their house vinaigrette and aside their roasted potatoes. They'll sub in their vegetable of the day for the potatoes if you ask. It's a huge portion, and I usually eat the whole thing. I'm not ashamed, either. I mentioned the pork tenderloin above. If you ever hear of it as a special, get it and send me a message telling me all about it. A large pork tenderloin is perfectly cooked and topped with a rich mushroom cream sauce that somehow manages not to overwhelm the dish. That's all served with Tuscan orzo and their vegetable of the day. Seriously, get it. My husband is partial to the Fettucine Alfredo and the Chicken Parmigiana. They're both excellent, and large portions like everything else, though I do find that the Fettucine Alfredo needs a touch of salt to be 100% perfect. Personal taste, though. We've never tried the pizzas, but I've seen them walking past our table. They look and smell amazing. If you have room for dessert, and they have the lemon cream cake, loosen your belt another notch and order it. It's homemade (not all of the desserts are) and it's absolutely incredible. My husband doesn't even like lemony desserts and he inhales this cake. Price wise, it's comparable to Olive Garden/Macaroni Grill/Coletta's. It's not a place to go for a cheap everyday dinner, but the prices are amazing for both the quality AND quantity of food. If you're less of a pig than my husband and me, you'll definitely have leftovers. You really can't go wrong here.Just trust me on the loose pants.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,11/20/2012,27,85,,2,2>I went here on a Friday night with a group of girlfriends and we had a great time. The ambience is cute and the service is great - we ordered an appetizer of guac and when we ran out of chips, our waitress kindly brought over another batch. My group ordered the pasta of the day and I actually ordered the Spicy Salmon roll and Mindy roll from the Do sushi menu (yes you can ask for the sushi menu because it's right next door and they'll gladly bring it over!) Next time I'll try to save some room for dessert!
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,11/19/2012,26,99,,4,2>Strip mall restaurants are not very popular in Memphis and its adjacent neighborhoods. Generally, they are met with skepticism and reluctance. Perhaps this belief stems from the fact that many strip mall restaurants in Memphis focus on "cheaper" meals, a category mostly disdained by the suburban culture which permeates most of the city. However, as any adventurous diner can tell you, strip malls tend to offer the most unique dining experiences available to a hungry consumer and at a price that justifies the venture. Chang's House is one such establishment which embodies all that is strip mall dining. Is Chang's a bastion for fine-dining-weary gastronomical travelers, or is it just another pin in a landscape of quick eats?Don't let the atmosphere fool you. The food you are served at Chang's is of the same quality as that from a Chinese restaurant of a higher caliber. I had the sweet and sour chicken and was pleasantly surprised to find that the chicken was not at all dry. My fellow diner ordered the kung pao chicken and found that it was similarly tasty. I had the egg roll with my food which was also quite good, with telling signs that it was made in house rather than simply rewarmed from another venue. The food appeared to have been prepared or partially prepared when we ordered since the food took a longer time to arrive than if it had been simply pulled from a large batch. My typical litmus test for quality of Chinese food is the house fried rice. It is a fairly ubiquitous dish for Chinese dining with just enough variation and nuances of preparation to make it an accurate gauge for food quality. This being said the fried rice at Chang's is amazing. It had three types of meat that I could identify - chicken, pork, and shrimp. The rice was flavored with a garlic and soy base with a slightly sweet after taste possibly from the rending of the chicken or pork fat. The texture of the rice was just right, chewy but not hard. There was a greasiness to the rice that I generally find missing from most Chinese restaurants that makes it far more satisfying and flavorful. Overall, this is one of the best fried rice available in Memphis next to the Shanghai restaurant. I got one order of fried rice and was unable to finish it although I wish I could have - count this as one of the few moments I wish I were larger so that I could fill my belly with more delicious food. I brought the remainder of my fried rice back to work which in itself is not important, but the fact that 5 of my coworkers stopped by simply to comment and smell the bag that contained the fried rice is telling of its undeniable appeal. It should be noted that this is not exotic Chinese food. If you are hoping that this is Chinese-Chinese food (notice how I emphasized "Chinese") then you will be disappointed. This is Americanized Chinese food served well. Food: 5/5As I mentioned in the intro, Chang's is a strip mall dining establishment. It is not a luxurious or even comfortable restaurant by any means. It is uncomfortably small, with very close-quartered seating for about 12. My first impression of the venue was that it looked very similar to the waiting room of a small medical clinic or urinalysis lab. Chang, the namesake of the restaurant, works the counter and is a friendly man. The only menu rests on the counter where you place your order. No table service here. The small television on the garbage bin plays ethnic programming, but I am sure that they would not mind if you were to change the channel. There are a few ethnic paintings and other décor on the walls, but overall it is a very sterile environment. Speaking of which, the dining area is very clean. There was no foul/harsh odors from cleaning solution or any eyesores to speak of. Behind the counter, the kitchen looks like a warehouse, albeit clean. Atmosphere: 3/5There really is no service to speak of. You pickup your food from the counter; you order from the counter, and you bus your own garbage. That being said the employees are friendly and the counter service is quick and courteous. One note, you should speak clearly because it seems English is not the primary language of the employees. My order was messed up due to an egg roll being added to the order when I did not request it... though maybe I was the 100th customer...Service: N/AChang's is an excellent value. The amount of food per order is substantial. Each lunch dish is served with a fried wonton, fried rice, and the entrée. It is a satisfying amount of food. All food is served in to-go boxes regardless, making take-out a breeze. Like all great hole-in-the wall restaurants, Chang's is a cash only business. Be sure to bring cash; otherwise, you'll be leaving empty-handed. Value: 5/5Chang's is an excellent place to grab a quick delicious bite to eat. It may not be five star dining, but it hits all the right marks to earn it's spot as a great location for a meal.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,11/18/2012,106,53,2,4,3>I must say I do love my frozen treats!!...and I was lured in by the prospect of GELATO!!!   Let me explain.  I went to a girlfriends wedding in Italy several years ago and fell in LOVE with gelato.  It is so smooth and creamy and a good gelato kicks ice-cream's but every day and twice on sundays.  My travel blog from the week I was in Italy went something like this Day one saw the coleseium, some other ruins and had a gelato.  Day two went to the wedding, and found the cutest gelato shop walking back to the hotel...day three woke up and guess what this gelato shop is open for breakfast...score.  So to say I became a bit obsessed about the creamy stuff is an understatement.  However since my return to the states my quest for gelato that approached the sheer perfection of gelatoness that I had in Italy has been a disappointment at best....UNTIL NOW!!!While my nieces were with me and got the yogurt and every imaginable topping (which was very good as well) the stand out for me was the Gelato.  I had the marscapone and the salted carmel....both heavenly.  They were smooth had that rich creamy consistency that gelato is supposed to have and were flavored perfectly without being too sweet.  My sis got something with basil and another more savory flavor that sounded a bit odd but were wonderful.  I am totally hooked.  of course I am now training for a half-marathon so I will not be able to stalk this place the way I would like.  but definitely give it a try and dont shy away from the slightly odd flavors you and your tastebuds might get a pleasant surprise.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,11/17/2012,79,111,2,3,2>After four unsuccessful attempts at trying out Cosmic Coconut, I finally was able to hit it up at a time when they were open.  This week has had such great weather, that I just had to celebrate with a smoothie.  I pull up to the Cosmic Coconut, and it already looks enticing.  From the outside of their building, you can tell they are fun.I walk into the store, and the place looks even neater on the inside.  They have their own fun little goodies to sell.They even grow their own wheatgrass!This is one of the main factors that drew me to Cosmic Coconut.  They are all natural, all organic, all vegan, and gluten-free.  They are also Project Green Fork certified! They exist to promote better health, and they are delicious in the process.Cosmic Coconut has many options for you to choose from, all of which they list on their giant chalkboards on one side of the restaurant.  Do you want juice? a smoothie? something else? Take your pick.I opted for the Memphis Blues smoothie, which contains banana, blueberry, apple juice, and coconut milk.  It sounded authentic, and made me feel good about supporting my city.  I also added a B-12 booster as well, because I was feeling a little sluggish.The price tag on the smoothie was a little hefty, at over $7.00 for a medium.  However, I did not expect it to be cheap when they use only high-quality ingredients.The smoothie was awesome, as expected.  No one ingredient overpowered the other, and the apple juice and banana mellowed out the tartness of the blueberry.My only main complain about this place is their hours: 8am - 6pm, Monday through Saturday.  Every time I have tried to go prior has either been on a Sunday, or after 6pm. I cannot afford to go back frequently, but Cosmic Coconut will see my face again!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,11/15/2012,25,44,,2,2>If you love sourdough bread. This is the place. The original is the best sandwich, but I also love the pizza. The staff are always friendly and the service is fast. I usually come here with my daughter and her friends. They all love the pizza. It's a nice clean place to bring your family and/or friends to eat a great sandwich. And the location is in a good area of town.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,11/13/2012,114,317,4,6,6>This place makes me wish I lived downtown. Or midtown. Or anywhere other than out here in the 'burbs where it's so far away. The place is totally cool. Very lounge-y. The fiance does not do a lot of frilly cocktails, so he enjoyed his Crown on the rocks. I, on the other hand, decided to try one of their signature drinks and ordered the Pretty in Pink made with Elderflower liqueur. It was delicious....have never had that before in a drink.The real stand-out is the food. My, oh my. The mussels were my favorite. (served in a red curry broth that I just want to pick up and DRINK)  Tempura avocado was absolutely wonderful and the spring rolls were enjoyed as well. Man....Norah Jones was a great concert, but dare I say that Mollie's stole the show!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,11/12/2012,3,6,4,3,3>I heard birds chirping, and I immediately thought that I had taken a blow to the brow and little cartoon canaries were circling my head. Then I realized that the birds were in a cage near the entrance. And I had only taken a bite out of the best cheesecake concoction I've ever encountered: a slice of Caramel White Chocolate Chip Cheesecake. The Cheesecake Corner is a part of what I consider a quiet, earthy subculture that sprung to life from Midtown Memphis, and grew into the downtown heart of the city. It's off the beaten path and many have never heard of this hole in the wall, which is just around the corner from the infamous Lorraine Motel, the site of Dr. Martin Luther King's assassination. The Cheesecake Corner has a wide selection of cheesecake and quiche to choose from: Strawberry Poundcake Cheesecake, Peach Cobbler Cheesecake, etc. However, the home run of the evening for my girlfriend and I was the Caramel White Chocolate Chip slice of heaven. I don't smoke, but I felt like I needed a cigarette after giving in to an animalistic, physical urge.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,11/11/2012,1,4,,1,1>They have the best donuts on the planet! It's a family owned business and their donuts are fresh everyday. Most donuts at other places are straight sugar and make your teeth hurt after you eat them but at Gibson's, the donuts are so good that they make you want more. It is very kid-friendly and my family really enjoys coming here any time of the day!!
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,11/10/2012,77,30,4,4,4>The Memphis Zoo was largely responsible for me choosing to attend Rhodes College. Awesome layout (albeit not very intuitive)  with neat seasonal exhibits.. Very impressive Panda exhibit, and occasionally includes interactive exhibits...Besides its recreational and entertainment value, the zoo conducts research behind the scenes contributing to the conservation of endangered species. The zoo is constantly trying to improve its exhibits, and has continued success in their captive breeding efforts. Its educational department also does an excellent job sparking the interest of children and getting them exposed to the sciences!It is a great place to conduct research if you're a student, but its even better for unwinding after a stressful week. Definitely not to be missed when visiting Memphis!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,11/9/2012,32,74,,2,2>Visiting the Fuel Food Truck is a weekly activity for me when the Downtown Farmers Market is open.  Their breakfast burrito is out of this world.  The mix of bacon and salsa (which I was a little skeptical about at first) is a great combo that I've never had before.  I've tried a few other items when they were out of breakfast burritos, which were pretty good.I definitely want to try their lunch food and the dishes in the restaurant, but if you see this truck in the AM, run fast and get the breakfast burrito!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,8/7/2013,180,199,2,5,2>I've spent 7 years living in Memphis and some how missed out on the opportunity to try Coletta's until recently.  Funny thing is, I can honestly say that I have been here several times in the past few weeks.   On my first visit I got the hot wings.  Of course.  They are large pieces of chicken, all drummies, and served with really great, house made blue cheese dressing.  On return trips I ordered steaks or a salad.  Again, I got the blue cheese dressing.  Seriously, that dressing is why I keep coming back to Coletta's.  The house salad with Italian marinated grilled chicken was great.  And HUGE!  Regarding the service, I have been very pleased.  Coletta's is a family owned restaurant that has been around for a long time.  The staff is friendly and efficient.  All of my meals were served quickly and perfectly cooked.   With reasonable prices, Coletta's is a good value too.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/6/2013,56,214,4,7,4>More diversity in food options...YEA!They have the best felafel I have eaten in town with some authentic competition.  They have their "special sauce" that is probably not as bad as the sauce from McDonald's Big Mac in calories, but you sure feel real good when it drips down the side of your arm.  I think I cracked the flavor profile accurately, but I would never take the "jam from their doughnut" by divulging it.  :)Yes, folks.  The sauce drippage and bountiful veggies make this place a "number one stunner!"I cannot help but yearn to support our local, diverse cuisine culture that is slowly-but-surely proliferating our city.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,8/5/2013,61,53,2,6,2>I came here with my dog to sit on the patio, on a Grizzlies game night. It was just me, but the host had no problems seating me at a large picnic table with a great view of the enormous TV screen they put up outside when there's a big game.I ordered chips and salsa, a Bianca veggie dog, and tea. The drink and chips came out right away, and the salsa tasted so good and fresh. It doesn't have much of a spice to it, but is very flavorful anyway. The chips are light and flaky.The hot dog came out a little later, and man it was good. The only thing was, it was super spicy and I couldn't finish the whole dog. The absolute STAR of this dog was the bun. It sounds stupid. I know. But it's a pretzel. The bun is pretzel dough. Oh my goodness. I'd get it again, but would make sure I had plenty of beverage and chips to soothe the heat.After a while, I had a friend join me. She ordered a quesadilla and a drink. She'd asked for no lettuce, but they put it on there anyway. Luckily it wasn't inside the 'dilla, it was just hanging out on the plate so it was easily picked out.Our server's name was Rocky, and he was awesome. He came to check on us just the right number of times, especially considering there was a big game on and I know he was watching it too. The overall atmosphere is really friendly, and it seems like everyone working there enjoys their jobs. That can be sort of rare.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/4/2013,35,59,4,5,2>I've got a confession: I don't eat much meat.  Like only a couple of times a week.  Not even fish, that for some reason, some "vegetarians" don't consider meat. Now don't get me wrong, I still don't enjoy the company of vegetarians/vegans, but that's mainly for their hypocritical, misinformed world views.But when you choose not to enjoy the fantastic-ness that is a three-inch-thick rib-eye, perfectly seared on the outside and perfectly rare on the inside, you have to learn how to make some damned good food out of vegetables, grains, and shit. Cue Balewa.Balewa's been on the Memphis food scene for years, but now that he's got his own place, his offerings have grown.The live burger, mushroom burger, all the soups and salads, everything I've had has been thoughtfully crafted to appeal to taste, smell, look, and most important for most omnivores, TEXTURE.  If you try the live burger here, I promise you wont miss the texture of beef.  Honestly, it's one of the best burgers in Memphis without even being a real "burger."If you're nervous about vegan food, stop in and get something out of the cooler, some carrot salad or sprouted lentil salad (called phyre "fire"), and order a cup of watermelon water.  Even in a BBQ town, there's no reason this place should be packed on the regular.  If an opinionated a-hole like me can overcome my differences in ideals in order to increase omnivore - herbivore relations, then you should, too.Go today for lunch, even if it's just for the watermelon water.  You'll kiss my mouth next time you see me.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,8/3/2013,121,288,4,5,3>While walking around downtown on Saturday, I spotted one of the smartest food trucks in Memphis. The Stuffed food truck is relatively new, but they've already figured out that parking at Beale and Second during the St. Patrick's Day parade is a solid move.Stuffed Food Truck is doing it right. Their menu is limited to burgers, empanadas, a few sides and a dessert empanada. It's not a bad thing - by narrowing their options and not trying to replicate a full-scale restaurant on wheels, they're able to serve the food quickly.Another example of how they're getting it right: I've seen them parked in the same spot at Beale and Second at 11 p.m. on a Saturday.I wasn't crazy hungry, so I ordered a pair of empanadas ($8 for two), and proceeded to eat one of them before I could take a picture.The empanadas come filled with your choice of beef, buffalo chicken, shredded pork, barbecue or apple pie, and you can order two different kinds if you order them as a pair.I tried the barbecue, which came stuffed with shredded, sauce-drenched pork shoulder and slaw. The meat was awesome, and the shell was just crunchy enough, but the slaw seemed kind of generic. It was easy to eat while walking (a major bonus for food truck food). I'll definitely be back to try their burgers.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,8/2/2013,53,67,,3,2>In recent months, Bartlett has literally exploded with casual eateries. From Bruno's to Noodle Star, it seems like this area of town is the place to be for budget-friendly eats in a laid-back atmostphere.Gelato Cafe fits right into that mold. If it sounds familiar to you, it probably is. Gelato cafe used to be located in the Wolfchase Galleria. I, for one, am estatic about the move. When they were in the mall, they weren't in the food court, so probably didnt' get the traffic. And, I'm sure their rent is cheaper now, too.This is the place to be for sandwiches, gourmet coffee drinks, and of course homemade gelato. And let me tell you, there's is some of the best in the city. I especially like chocolate chip and creme caramel.As far as sandwiches, you can't go wrong with either of the croissant sandwiches (ham and swiss or turkey and swiss), the Italiano Classico #1 (salami, fresh mozzarella, tomato, olive oil and oregano on foccacia) or the Caesar tortellini salad.Gelato Cafe is open daily and offers free Wi-Fi for diners.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/1/2013,18,66,,3,3>I tried Elena's Taco Shop a few weeks ago, and was thoroughly impressed. I got the 2 taco combo, and it was around $6 or $7. Oh, and it was delicious. I got a shrimp and fish taco, and they were great. Both shrimp and fish were cooked just right and the tacos had a delicious mix of lettuce, pico and some delicious white sauce on them. My mom had the chicken tacos and they were just as good. Apparently their burritos are awesome too! I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,7/31/2013,27,85,4,8,5>A month ago, during Memorial Day weekend when it wasn't sweltering hot yet in Memphis, my husband I were debating what to do with our rare time off. We decided we would go hiking somewhere in Arkansas or Missouri as it appeared that nothing else naturey was close to Memphis. Well, guess what! There most definitely is!!!Ghost River Outfitters is about an hour outside of Memphis and offers canoe and kayak rentals down Wolf River. They also apparently offer stand up paddleboard rental for the truly adventurous (I will probably not try that until I am more physically fit aka never at this rate). We decided to rent a canoe and called the number on their website and reserved a spot for Sunday morning. We packed sunblock, lots of water, a lunch, snacks, and drove out to Moscow TN to the rendezvous spot. They took us in vans a couple miles down to where they launched us off and gave us some brief instructions during the ride. It took us about 4 hours to get down the river back to where our cars were parked. I really could write a novel about what happened to us during the canoe ride (think almost colliding with a snake, attempting to rescue a poor couple that capsized and thanking God it wasn't us, seeing GORGEOUS nature that I did not know existed out here) but I'll sum it up as awesome!!! so many stories to tell about that trip. Some tips:1. Call the number when you want to make a reservation. It fills up quickly 2. Definitely pack lunch - there's a little spot in the middle of the trip where you can "park" your canoe/kayak and stop to rest and eat.3. Pack lots of water and sunblock!4. Pay the extra bucks to go on the guided tour if you are directionally challenged or nervous about never having canoed/kayaked before. There were some spots where the signs are confusing and we definitely spent 10+ minutes trying to redirect ourselves back onto the right path. They also do nice stuff on the tour like show you where beaver dams are, etc5. Waterproof your camera if you bring oneWhen we went, the spots were completely filled up but one of the tour guides said that surprisingly, not many people in Memphis know this place exists but apparently word still gets out somehow because they have a lot of people that come from out of state. I feel like I just wrote everything and yet wrote nothing. This was the best thing we have ever done in/around Memphis. Give the website a look if you're interested!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,7/30/2013,36,69,1,6,5>This food is simply amazing! I have never had Venezuelan fare before, but it was flavorful without being too spicy or overwhelming. The quantity of food for the price also can't be beat. I had what I would call "nachos" as an appetizer, and then a "plantain sandwich" filled with beef, coleslaw and avocado as my meal.I'd definitely go back and recommend all my friends to dine there, too.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,7/29/2013,197,116,12,10,9>I'm sure all the couples out there will understand this: sometimes you just need a "me" day. Yes, my love, holding your purse while you shop for the perfect pair of beige heels can be taxing, especially when you start explaining the difference between taupe, beige, eggshell, and off white to me. Outwardly, I'm all smiles and nods, but inwardly I'm cursing your name and picturing driving the heel of the next stiletto i see into my eye just so I can escape. One Friday, when faced with the possibility of being drafted to hold my then-girlfriend's purse again, I called my buddy up and we decided to quietly slip out the house. We circled the house nervously for a while, as if we were trying to shake a tail. Finally,  we made our way to the movies. We walked and asked which movie had "the most testosterone, explosions, nudity, violence, and gore" and were rewarded with two tickets to Olympus Has Fallen. After the movie, we hadn't had a chance to eat yet, so we decided to run over to Hog and Hominy, which isn't that far from the Paradiso. Hog and Hominy was crazy packed, however, so we decided to take a chance at Bangkok Alley. We walked in and we were both struck by the ambiance. Inside, the restaurant is all low, flattering lighting, and smooth jazz. Everyone in the place was on date, and deep in conversation/flirtation; their muted tones never daring to obscure any of the Kenny G wafting from the speakers. My friend and I looked at each other after we were seated and desperately scrolled through our phone books for any females we knew that could come dispel the image of us dating, but to no avail. To make our relationship status more nebulous, we decided to share an appetizer of the crab meat and spicy tuna stuffed avocado at the insistance of our waitress. The mixture of the creamy avocado juxtaposed with the crunchy breading and the slightly sweet crab meat vying against the semi spicy tuna delicately fight on your tastebuds like a scene from Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon.  It was incredible, and like a true gentleman, my friend let me have the last bite. For our entrees I ordered the drunken noodles and my friend ordered the Jungle curry, which is supposedly the spiciest thing on the menu. We both enjoy spicy food, so we encouraged the addition of more spice. When the noodles arrived, they were awash in veggies, and a combination of meats (which is extra).The wide noodles were tossed in some sauce that was so damn good I honestly contemplated licking my plate. (I tried to convince my friend to have some of my noodles so we could eat  Lady and the Tramp style, but he wasn't having it). Since he didn't want to try any, I quickly devoured my whole plate. Hell, it was so good, I didn't even notice the tails of the shrimp were still attached till they were in my belly.  With a satisfied sigh I looked over, and I was surprised to see my friend sweating his ass off. His curry was too spicy for him! And he's Indian! Everyone thought it was hilarious that a native Indian couldn't handle the spice. Even the waitress and the owner both came over to clown on him in a very respectful and polite -yet still hilarious-manner.  The service is attentive, professional, and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. The food is all fresh, well- seasoned and meticulously prepared. The ambiance is quite romantic (or is it b-romantic?). Remember this: nothing says romance like nosily slurping a noodle down your gullet.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/31/2014,4,68,2,7,4>I used to have a favorite Thai spot before I moved to Memphis, but I hadn't really found any place local that I loved - until Bangkok Alley.   Awkwardly named as it may be, it's really a refined experience inside - dark woods, soft lighting, nice accessories.   As such, it's definitely a nice place for a date or a drink.Friends have tried shrimp, sushi, and other assorted menu items but I have a hard time getting away from the Chicken Pad Thai.  It's sensational.   We usually get an order of crab rangoon too - they proclaim it to be the best anywhere, and while that's up for debate, it's really good.The restaurant has been spotless and the service has been excellent every time I've been.  Every server I've had has struck up a conversation, talking about what's going on downtown or what we're doing that night.This is definitely my favorite Thai place in Memphis, and one of my favorite restaurants in the city.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,8/30/2014,100,106,2,6,4>After almost three weeks without A/C in the Memphis July heat, our home warranty company finally assigned us to a new contractor, and that new contractor was U1st. They had us up and running in no time. The tech assigned to our ticket, Julias, was above and beyond professional. He took the time to do a thorough job and quickly got to the root of what the previous company couldn't figure out in 7 separate visits (and seven different techs). When we had to wait for a part, Julias kept us posted on the status of our order and he was the same tech assigned to the installation. When we had another issue the following day, Julias came back when we weren't even on his schedule.  He wasn't the only one that came, he brought his manager.  They stayed late and made sure everything was good to go. Also worth noting is the customer service received each time I called in to the office. The staff was friendly, professional and compassionate about our situation. I would recommend this company to anyone looking for heating and air work.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,8/29/2014,83,147,1,6,2>As I have always said, the small mom-and-pop type restaurants in the neighborhood always has the best food. Big Bill's BBQ is no exception to that rule. Shout out to my man Big Bill. This restaurant is definitely a winner.I had the smoked barbeque Salmon sandwich with spaghetti. I ate everything on the plate. I almost ate the napkin, it was so good. Definitely come here for top notch barbeque. Big Bill's BBQ will take good care of you here.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,8/28/2014,39,55,,2,4>A new menu means an updated review. What can I say about this place other than I love it. I've eaten here around 50 times since they opened just a little over a year ago. I've never gotten a bad meal here and am always treated great. The food just keeps getting better and better and I think that they have the best salsa and chips in town. I crave them! The tacos are incredible and the guacamole is off the charts. The burritos are so bigg they get two g's and they are delicious. The menu is new however there were only a few additions that weren't there before. Even if it's not on the menu they'll make it for you. They bend over backwards for their customers and are always there to please. It's small and simple but it's the best food in town and I am so glad they have made it through that critical first year. Here's to many more years of great food and service!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,8/27/2014,27,164,1,5,7>There are so many wonderful things to say about SOB...I don't know why I haven't written a review before.  To me - when I think of decent bar atmosphere with good food and a casual setting...I think of SOB.  Think Bardog with no smoke and Local with more consistency.  The staff is always on top of things and the food is consistently delicious.  My favs are the chili, brussel sprouts and seared ahi.  I'd skip the chicken and waffles here....a little to oily tasting.They also tend to have a Yelp check-in deal - which always sweetens the deal!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,8/26/2014,106,49,3,2,2>I wish more people would come to the Pinch District to enjoy this place. The pizza was good but the best was their chicken Alfredo and chicken parmesan sandwich.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,8/25/2014,47,89,5,6,4>Best Gyros in town... absolutely wonderful and exotic.... mind you, Al Jazeera news is playing in the background, and you can buy a prepared goat's head for cooking -- but political ideology aside, this is a wonderful place with great food --
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,8/24/2014,6,57,1,5,3>Always on the look out for a new Vietnamese place, I recently gave Cafe Cali a go.  I had about 10 minutes to wait till my dining partner would arrive, so I used the time to ask the waiter (owner?) about the menu.  Many of the more interesting items weren't available (he said no one was ordering them so thy took them off), meaning no pork ear salad for me.  However, they still had a soup with congealed pig's blood, so I went for it!  I asked for the blood on the side, but after trying it (not a lot of flavor - more a textural component) I chucked it all in.  Good stuff, with bonus points for being exotic.  My less-adventurous dining companion stuck with the vermicelli bun noodles, which she really liked.  I also ordered the crispy spring rolls, whichwere a little smaller than some other places, but also less $$ - you got 3 rolls for $4.We were the only people in here, and I got the distinct feeling business has not been great.  I hope more people check them out - I am of the option that there can never be too many Vietnamese places, and I am keeping my fingers crossed I get to try that pig ear salad!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/23/2014,87,274,1,3,2>Recently, we visited this speakeasy for a few drinks after dinner.  I have been here a few times, and I have always had a blast.  It does get pretty full on the weekends.  They have a cover on the weekends, but it's free if you know the password.  Follow them on social media to find the secret passwords.  The restaurant is dark and has a speakeasy vibe.  There is a window to see out, but from the outside it's a mirror.  Drink prices for well drinks are about $6.  They have strong pours.  I have eaten their food before, which was awesome.  However, they have a new chef, so I don't want to go back and make any more comments on their food until I have had some.  They are open in the evenings and for Sunday brunch.  I have yet to make it there for brunch.  Hopefully, I will soon.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,8/22/2014,105,145,1,2,4>What a fun neighborhood dive for a Friday night meal with the family. Located near Rhodes, Dino's Grill is an established Memphis restaurant that serves homemade Italian cuisine (and more) with a smile. Filled with WWII decorations, Dino's has an old school and historical feel about it. With numerous rips and tears in the booth linings, it's also not a decorator's paradise, which makes me like the place even more. For those that drink, they have 4-5 beers to buy and you can bring in a bottle of wine.Now off to the food. The homemade ravioli are fantastic, stuffed with spinach and more. Served with their famous meat sauce, I could eat these daily. If you order spaghetti with meat sauce, it comes with the same delicious sauce. I had the combination ravioli and spaghetti for lunch one day, and felt like sleeping under my desk that afternoon. Well played, Dino's.I especially liked starting with the Italian salad, and a basket of their delicious garlic bread, homemade from Texas toast. The bread is crispy on the top side, and still soft on the bottom. Comes served in a small, plastic red basket lined with wax paper.The service is fantastic - everyone smiling and tolerating my children making a disaster of the table and surrounding floor. The price is 4 stars for the amount and quality of food.I am giving this spot 4 stars. It's slightly above a 3, and because it's local and has been around for many, many decades, it gets the bump up to 4. Here's to hoping the same family that started it and still runs it keeps it open for decades to come.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,8/3/2012,105,145,6,5,5>Once Saturday morning (yes, it was still morning) while having a leisurely family drive the the countryside of Memphis, I stumbled upon the Morris Grocery. As soon as I saw it, I pulled in. My wife thought I was crazy.Her: "Ed W., it is not even noon. Why are you stopping?"Me: "Because I smell pork."Her: "It is morning."Me: "Pork."Having my one track mind, I was ordering whatever was inside this BBQ joint on the edge of Memphis. I walked in. I smelled. I smiled. I purchased a pulled pork sandwich. It was served in a piece of wax paper, with freshly smoked pork and a nice tangy sauce that was smoky and not too spicy. The bun was soft. The service was accompanied by smiles. My oldest son purchased a bag of Cheetos. My wife got a diet coke. Did I mention I got a pulled pork sandwich pre-11AM?Heaven, really. I have mentioned in several reviews that a BBQ spot's goodness depends in large part on the pulled park sandwich. Here, I'm a fan. The sandwich was smokey, which is a rare siting as time seems to tick along in the world. I guess businesses want to spend less time on smoking meat and more time on charging customers. I tend to like the BBQ pits in the middle of nowhere, like Morris Grocery. The meat was tender; the meat was smokey; the meat was plentiful; the bun was soft; the sauce was just right.There are no tables so I ate the sandwich where it seemed right - standing in the gravel parking lot. It did not take long. It's good; it's cheap; it's locally owned. 4 stars. I will be back.
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/2/2012,27,93,,4,4>Disclaimer: My 5 stars are influenced by some sentimental ties to this place. Majestic Grille is where my husband popped the question! I always think of it with fond memories. That being said, I love the food here. I've had a few different plates. My favorite was the Ahi tuna. The steaks are tender and every time I've ordered one, it has been cooked perfectly. I've always found the staff to be pretty friendly. Some are more knowledgeable than others, but you get that anywhere. I only have had wine to drink here, but I think the wine selection is great. The servers I've had are able to steer you in the direction you're looking for when pairing with dinner. Desserts are so good. I just wish they came in a slightly bigger shot glass :) I have a big sweet tooth, so maybe the small portion is a good thing! I always recommend the Majestic Grille to visitors. My husband and I stop in before shows at the Orpheum on occasion.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,8/1/2012,21,37,,5,2>My first visit was for lunch yesterday. I have been thinking and talking about going here for some time now. It's not a commonplace thing for a Jamaican restaurant to open in Memphis.The ginger beer is just so good. Is it homemade? I don't know but I'm a fan......I had the black bean tacos: fresh, crisp shell, black beans, tofu, and some kind of delicious green sauce. I even found some kiwi in there. It was fresh, flavorful, and incredibly satisfying - served with rice and peas. My lunch compadre had the jerk wings with the cabbage and another side. All tasty options.I am instantly a fan. I wish this restaurant tons of success! It's right on the Madison trolley line, has good parking, and is very affordable. Try it and go back often! I will definitely be going back!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,7/31/2012,25,107,1,7,4>Superlo is almost a time machine ride back to the "old" grocery stores I grew up with (Pic-Pac, Giant, Montesi's), both aesthetically and selection-wise. And that's not a bad thing: having become addicted to the slickness of Schnucks (Rrrrrr) and the newer, more upscale Kroger stores, I kind of forgot that the old-style grocery stores still had a boat-load of foods to choose from. Once Schnucks retreated (Rrrrrr), I rediscovered Superlo. And it's still plenty "modern," but maybe just in a Jetsons sorta way.Price-wise, Superlo beats Kroger for the staples. And--Extra Super Bonus--Superlo's beer selection is GREAT, almost as good as Raffe's but with lower prices.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2012,7/30/2012,58,57,,5,3>I've eaten at Revival three times, in three different parts of town and from three vastly different menus. Despite all those differences, my experiences have been consistently wonderful. I've tried the following entrees:Chicken and sausage etoufee (pics here: lunchbrag.com/post/14869)"Junkyard dog" (lunchbrag.com/post/19350)Steak fajita tacos (lunchbrag.com/post/22845)And I've had the mac and cheese, fries, dirty fries and turnip greens for sides. The mac and cheese is intensely thick and creamy. Some might consider this blasphemy, but I say it's better than homemade (because the only work required is in picking up the fork). Ordering my fries "dirty" -- with cheese, mushrooms, gravy and chives --has pretty much ruined all other fries for me. Somehow the thin shoestring fries manage to stay crispy under all the toppings.   I've had the peanut butter brownie for dessert and I'm told the bread pudding is amazing. Everything is remarkably fresh, ready quickly, and most importantly, DELICIOUS. It's incredible what they can do within the confines of that truck.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,7/29/2012,123,514,4,4,2>After seeing all the 5 star reviews I had to check this place out for myself.  It does look a little ghetto fab from the outside but don't let looks fool you.  Their donuts are amazing and the selection had me telling people to go in front of me because I just couldn't choose.I don't normally like the "old fashion" donuts but theirs were moist and delicious.  And yes, that is my toddler eating a chocolate frosted in the picture. It was supposed to be my donut but he reached in to the box and stole them ALL.  He never did that at Dunkin Donuts.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,7/28/2012,88,77,,5,2>AutoZone Park is an attractive, clean facility right in the heart of Downtown Memphis -- a great place to spend an evening, and for a baseball fan, an opportunity to see players one step away from the majors. It's not unusual to see a player in Memphis one week and St. Louis the next. Through the years, we've seen Cardinal standouts like Albert Pujols, Allen Craig, Jon Jay, Daniel Descalso, Lance Lynn, Adron Chambers and others. Tickets are not cheap, but pretty reasonable; for $43 we got two seats only a few rows from the field. They are pretty easy to get as crowds aren't generally large. If you don't care as much about the game, you can buy tickets to sit on the grassy bluff, bring your picnic blanket and let the kids run around.Fireworks nights bring much larger crowds and the fireworks show after the game is excellent. Come on out and bring the family - AutoZone and the Redbirds are a Memphis treasure.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,7/27/2012,29,78,,17,7>I've been driving by this place ever since I moved to Memphis. I'm not sure if it was the location or the somewhat questionable appearance of the building of the road, but I never could bring myself to go inside. The other night, I finally decided to go in and I've been kicking myself ever since for waiting so long. The best thing about this place is the atmosphere. It's VERY cozy. Feels like going to a friend's house for dinner. You walk in and the first thing you notice is a seating area with a nice couch under a moose head. I loved it. I went on a Tuesday night and the place seemed pretty busy. Reading the back of the menu, you get to read about the history of the place and the family who owned it. I thought it was a neat story, and it totally made me appreciate the atmosphere more.I had a few Newcastles and the Mort burger. I have to say this is the best burger I've had since Moving to Memphis. It was cooked perfectly, had a neat presentation, and tasted amazing. The only thing I wish they'd done is included a little more lettuce and tomato, but my server was fabulous and brought more out as soon as I asked. If you're in the mood for a great burger at a great place, you've got to check this place out. You won't find a better deal for your money. I can't wait to go back and try something else from their menu.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,7/26/2012,20,20,,7,4>Memphis has some great some great chefs... i.e. Kelly English from Iris, Ryan Trimm from Sweetgrass, Jose Gutierrez from River Oaks, and Andrew Ticer and Michael Hudman from Andrew Michael ... To name a few. However, most of these restaurants are too expensive for most people to enjoy on a regular basis. Not anymore, now Andrew Michael has a sister restaurant and it is awesome.  One of the great things about Andrew Michael is how they add an innovative twist to real classic Italian. Now they have done that at a more approachable level, mixing Southern and Italian food. They have an incredible selection of pizzas and delicious small plates in a laid back atmosphere with a bocce ball court in the back. Tonight, we had Arancini (risotto balls) stuffed with Kim Chi; Boom Baba pizza with Fig, Fennel, Lardo, and Prosciutto; a Mortadella Hot Dog; Calabrese Sausage, and Meatballs served with local beer and a incredible Old Fashioned. Everything was fantastic. I wish I had room for dessert.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,7/25/2012,18,118,,6,2>I am surprised an Irish pub would have such amazing vegetables.  It is hard to locate quality vegetables in Memphis at casual dine-in restaurants.  I had a vegetable plate with some of the best greens and cabbage I've ever put in my mouth.  In a previous visit I had the corn beef dish which was also outstanding and portions were excellent.  I'm not a beer drinker, so my attraction to this pub is strictly based on food, service, and a good Irish ambiance.  I'll be back.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,12/21/2012,22,40,,7,1>We have been using Aussie for at least 6 months now. It's quite convenient! They just pull up to your house and groom your pet. It's pretty amazing. They offer the same extensive services as a non-mobile grooming salon which is cool they don't do a one size fits all solution with the mobile service. The owners and staff are always so nice and accommodating. We've entrusted Aussie with our 2 dogs: one golden retriever and the other a golden doodle. As well as our 4 cats: 2 himalayans and 2 alley cats. We usually have them do a bath and then a lion's cut on the cats to help with shedding.All in all a very great service. I would say price is my main gripe but you are paying for convenience. I find it's about $15-20 more per pet then at the groomer at the vet but I don't have to take off work or schedule half of my day which is worth the money. I really wish they would offer a discount program similar to a frequent flyer program for loyal customers. We spend $200-500 a pop every few months depending on who is getting groomed. But again, well worth it. So try them out. ;)
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,12/20/2012,16,11,,3,2>Went to the one on Union. I've been there twice now, once to talk to the dog groomer, twice to look at switching my pup's food and get advice on what to switch too. The groomer was very nice and knowledgeable. The price for grooming was way less than I've payed at other places. When asking about what food to try switching to, the staff was very helpful and definitely knew their stuff. I was also informed they have a 100% return policy which is great. So if my pup didn't like her new food, I could return it for a full return.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,12/19/2012,31,74,3,2,2>This is a great local place owned by a super nice man who will pretty much force his delicious sage tea down your throat if you visit in person and they're not busy. It is super good so don't be scared!I love their mezzo platter w/baba ganoush, hummus, pita and falafel. I also get the vegetable couscous; both of these things are vegan. I wish there was more vegan stuff on the menu. Their in-house olive oil is delicious, and you can purchase it. It came from somewhere far away that the owner's dad lives or something...I forget.The inside of the restaurant is a lot nicer than its location in something of a strip mall might lead you to believe. It's pretty! And it's kid-friendly. Not sure how kids feel about that kind of food, but they welcome kids, have appropriate seating, etc.And I think they are open literally EVERY day.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/18/2012,111,135,,4,2>This place has the potential to go places!  I think that it probably already has.  I went my first time on a Sunday night, and, while not as busy as I expect a Friday or Saturday would be, it was pretty well represented with all kinds of different people.It's located in the heart of Overton Square, is two stories, and is, technically, the little brother of Local Gastropub downtown.  I think Local on the Square might possibly be the cooler option, though.  There is SO MUCH SPACE, here...and it's put to incredibly good use.  Tables are not too close and not too far...they have couches and plush booths, and you can even sit at one of their bars.  If you're a regular, you can even come up the back stairs facing the theatre and come right in to the second floor.The staff are a little fresh right now...they know their menu and their alcohol, don't get me wrong, but it takes a bit for them to get comfortable with each new customer...however, they are always ready to make sure you get what you want, when you want it.They offer a blondie brownie that is divine...it has vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, caramel, and maple smoked bacon on top...Not a fan of the bacon, but if you like bacon on your sweet goods, this is tasty from what I hear...I only partook in the brownie and ice cream ;) All in all, I'd like to come back on a busier night and see how they fare...this could easily become a new Midtown haunt for me.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,12/17/2012,65,178,2,1,2>A visit to the Brooks is a great way to spend the afternoon! They have a good assortment of paintings and artifacts permanently on display. We really enjoy the temporary exhibits they bring in as well. We went for their local artist market on our most recent visit, and it was fantastic.  One of us really, really wants Santa to bring an annual membership to the Brooks Museum for Christmas!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,12/16/2012,39,55,,5,4>No matter what you order it will be great! Great food and really nice people. Always greeted with a smile no matter how busy they are. My favorites are the sliced pork sandwich and the sweet potato pie. Not your typical Memphis BBQ by any means, but it's a great change of pace. The sweet potato pie is the best I've ever had, well at least since my Grandmother passed away. But it's the closest to hers that I've had. Oh and the wings and rib tips are out of this world. Just go already and be prepared to enjoy!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,12/15/2012,27,93,5,3,2>My first anniversary is coming up. I saw the only review on here is very poor, but our experience with this company was nothing but wonderful. I had to speak up. L&Jay provided the flowers and reception decorations for our wedding. We were sent to Lee and Jon by the jeweler who sold my husband my engagement ring, who my husband has known for years, so we trust her advice. I went in to the first consultation not knowing a lot about flowers, but knowing what specific colors and design elements that I'd wanted for my reception. I did not want anything very elaborate, because I'm pretty minimalist when it comes to decorating. We discussed what exactly we would expect, and an invoice was sent to us within two weeks. They also worked with my mother-in-law, who lives out of town, to provide extra flowers for a family tradition I did not know about. This was added in much closer to the date of the wedding and they provided everything without a hitch.The day of the wedding is high energy and thankfully, I had nothing to worry about regarding the flowers. The church was decorated just like I wanted, and when we got to the reception, I was so impressed with how beautiful everything looked. We did not have to spend a lot of money to have a beautiful wedding and reception, and I am so happy with how everything turned out. L&Jay work with all kinds of budgets for weddings and special occasions. We spent about $3,000 total in flowers and decorations. I would recommend them to anyone planning a wedding.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,12/14/2012,88,77,2,4,3>We came for our anniversary dinner (26 years!). Decor is sleek and contemporary with monochromatic tones of gray and black. There are great-looking curvy wine racks that cover most of a couple of the walls and add warmth to the cool gray. We were delighted with the backlit menus, which look so much classier than having to hold our phones up for light to read the menu. Apparently Circa is the only Memphis restaurant to have these menus, but I predict they will become more popular.We love appetizers, so we started with the artisan cheeses, dalmatia fig jam, and homemade walnut bread. The bread was nutty and delicious and combined perfectly with the cheeses and jam for an incredible appetizer.Jim ordered the lettuce wedge and I had the tomato-cucumber salad, which was light and flavorful.The pan-seared scallops were served in pistou with cannellini beans and roasted vegetables. The scallops, cooked perfectly, tasted fresh and clean.Jim had the ahi tuna, with wasabi mashed potatoes and soy beurre blanc. He's a red meat lover, so when he says the tuna tasted as good as a steak, that's a very good sign.I chose the pan roasted group and shrimp in beurre blanc sauce, which was rich, buttery and tasty. The fish was tender and flaky and the shrimp were especially well complemented by the sauce. We skipped dessert, opting instead to finish the spicy cabernet we ordered.Jim said the only thing that kept the experience from being perfect is that we could see the large TV in the bar from our table. Otherwise, a flawless dining experience perfect for a special occasion.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/13/2012,73,51,,3,3>I must echo the previous two reviews, though the coconut cake it the one that I found off-the-chart. I happened upon this little bit of bliss by accident while eating at Soul Fish in Mid-Town. Then when I asked about the it at the Germantown location the server clued me in to where they procured their cakes.After calling All American Sweets, I found that Booya's in Collierville also carries their cakes. Both restaurants will sell you a whole cake....I think the one I bought was no more than $35 (maybe less). Either way, this is a Blue Ribbon cake - it simply can't get any better.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,12/12/2012,123,514,1,10,5>I can't love this shop enough.  For starters when you walk in it is clean and well lit with lots of open space.  There are tons of portfolios so you can look through the artists work. I came in for a consult and they were friendly and helpful. They listened to what I wanted.  I made my appointment with Tony Max and when it was time to come back for my tattoo (my appointment was only 2 months out) he did an amazing job.Even my mother who hates tattoos saw the picture of this one and said "that is a work of art"I got an antique microscope done on the inside of my right arm. It looks amazing and I'll be putting a picture up once it doesn't look all greasy. They also gave one of the best tips ever for helping my tattoo heal and I've never had a tattoo heal this fast before (this is my 6th tattoo).  The care sheet had me putting a thin layer of aquaphor on my tattoo and then covering it with plastic wrap.  My tattoo stayed moisturized and instead of nasty scabby flakes coming off the dead skin just gently rolled off.  My tattoo looks fabulous and doesn't even look like it was just done because of that trick.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,8/26/2012,40,5,,3,2>I just realized that I've had this account for several months and have yet to review Bari, which is in my top 5 restaurants in Memphis. I refuse to commit to any of my favorites being "#1" since I like them all for different reasons.Bari is intimate, friendly and delicious. From my first visit several years ago til my most recent trip there a couple of months ago, I have been consistently pleased with my experiences there. The owners have managed to assemble a staff that is a perfect balance of professional and friendly. It is the only place in Memphis where one can find Northern Italian dishes instead of your typical marinara/ Bolognese / Alfredo / pesto pastas or lasagna (there are many, many wonderful options for those in Memphis as well). There is nothing on the menu that I have tried in which I have been disappointed. It took a while for me to branch out from ordering the same thing over and over again - namely the linguine con bottarga (not always on the menu - depends on the availability of the bottarga, or pressed and shaved roe) and the scallops with fennel and sambuca and a side of the roasted potatoes - BUT when I do try something different, I am always glad that I did. I've done the full cheese tasting in the past, and if you have the time, the money and enough friends who will go on the adventure with you, DO IT. When my husband I are just going for dinner we try to order something different every time, but it's hard not to go back to old favorites. I recommend that you go and try all of the courses - you won't regret it. The oysters and the eggplant fritters are my favorite appetizers. My husband and I have differing opinions on the salads - he prefers the radicchio and endive, I prefer the lattuga...the orecchiette and carbonara are my favorite pastas when I cannot get the linguine con bottargo, although I think that I have tried them all by now and enjoyed them all! Another Bari bonus - they have lots of wines that they import just for the restaurant - you won't be able to find them anywhere else in Memphis. Go...expect to spend a bit of time and a bit of money if you choose to go with all the courses - it's up to you how much of each you want to invest in the night, but I say go for it!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,8/25/2012,121,288,3,6,5>(In the interest of full disclosure, my derby coach Brad Tedford is the restaurant's general manager. My cousin works there. My best friend is one of the pizza oven guys and several of my derby league-mates are servers. That's just how Memphis is, and aside from noting that they're all lovely people, they've had no bearing on this review. Ahem. Moving on.)We started our meal with an ton of appetizers - garlic knots, prosciutto-wrapped asparagus and stuffed peppers.While the garlic knots were really good - giant roll-sized knots of garlic bread with marinara sauce for dipping - I would skip them next time in favor of one of the vegetables. They come just like veggies in the south should - wrapped in meat or covered in cheese. The prosciutto that was wrapped around the asparagus was like paper-thin, perfectly smoky bacon.The poblano pepper's spice was tempered by the pile of warm cheese on top of it. The peppers come with some crostini, which are presumably a cheese-to-mouth delivery method, but I opted to just attack with a fork.The point of Aldo's isn't the vegetables, though - it's the pizza, which is served in traditional, New York-style pies. My friend tried the vodka pizza ($15 small / $22 large), which was a simple (but tasty) cheese pizza with vodka cream sauce. At the recommendation of just about everyone I know who works at Aldo's, I tried The Other Side ($16 small / $23 large), which had poblano sauce, fontina cheese, sliced tomatoes and big hunks of grilled chicken.For dessert, we split a slice of the New York cheesecake, about which, I'll say this: I'm a good southern girl. I do my best culinary work in the cream cheese arts. I'm a connoisseur of cheese-based desserts. The cheesecake at Aldo's is, hands down, the best cheesecake I've ever had.That's not hyperbole - it was so good, I wanted to take it home and study it to figure out what made it so amazingly light and fluffy and rich all at once. Pro tip: wash it down with a glass of super tart framboise beer.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,8/24/2012,180,199,5,6,4>Republic Coffee is a little out of the way for me but I prefer it to other choices available to me.  I like that they have plenty of seating options including tables, booths, and couches. If you take a seat rather than order your drink to go, the brewed coffee is refilled! The staff is happy to provide you with a to-go cup on your way out if you request one. I also like that they have a food menu offering more than just bagels and toast.  This past Sunday I visited and asked them to bring me a pile of bacon.  And they did.  And it was awesome bacon!  I also ordered a breakfast sandwich and told the server to keep the bread since I wasn't going to eat it anyway.  She didn't even blink and my sandwich sans bread hit the spot!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,8/23/2012,18,66,5,5,5>Holy majoly, have I found a new favorite spot in Memphis. I have been wanting to try Elegant Farmer for their Mac n cheese and their salmon patties. I did. And it seriously rocked my world.I grew up eating salmon croquettes. It was one of my favorite meals as a child (yes, I was that kid), and I haven't had them in forever. Enter Elegant Farmer. These were some awesome salmon patties. Awesome! They were full of hunks of salmon and seasoned perfectly with a delicious remoulade on top. Ahhhhhmazing. The patties, which I inhaled in an embarrassingly small amount of time, came with greens and the most delicious mac n cheese I've ever eaten.The Mac and cheese was creamy, cheesy and delicious. It wasn't too greasy and didn't have an overload of dry cheese. It was scrumptious. And that's when my second embarassing moment happened. I actually used the roll on my plate to sop up the left over cheese sauce. I've hit an all time low. The only reason I would admit all this, is so you will know how great the Mac n cheese really is.I'm not much for greens, but they were season and cooked extremely well. Of course I tried other people's dishes that were with me too, and everything I tasted was excellent.I also have to comment on how excellent the service was. All the wait staff was incredibly nice and very attentive. The owner even came by our table, discussed how our food was and talked with us for about 15 minutes.The whole experience was magical. I loved the food (obviously), I loved the atmosphere and I love that this is a local join that uses fresh ingredients from farmers around the mid-south. I will definitely be back very soon!!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,8/22/2012,36,49,,11,4>Casablanca is the best Mediterranean food I have ever had. How about that? That's my review, in a nutshell. I suppose I will break it out for you, but the essential bit has already been spoken. I have never been to the one on Poplar, but I visited the (only 4 day old) N Germantown Pkwy location today and was blown away from start to finish.A word on decor: this place looks awesome. There are candles, different color lighting, food style-appropriate fixtures, and even areas where you can sit on a couch and eat (resting on pillows) if that is what you want. I am not the best at describing decor, so just take my word that the place looks amazing. I have no doubt it would be an amazing night-time destination.The menu is extensive without being ridiculously big, and I started out with the Falafel and Hummus platter. This was, without a doubt, the best falafel and hummus I have ever had. The hummus was perfectly seasoned, and of the proper consistency. The falafel? It was moist, delicious, and steaming hot. They provide two sauces on the side (a house sauce and a spicy sauce) that perfectly complimented it. There are good places to get Hummus in Memphis, but Casablanca takes the crown!Wait, the tea! How could I not mention the tea? The tea at Casablanca is probably the best tea I have ever had. Not too sweet, with hints of ginger and honey... they serve it hot or cold, and even sell it by the gallon and as a dry tea mix. Just get the tea. For my entree I got the Beef & Lamb Shawarma. Look, I could name a few places right off the top of my head where you can get good Shawarma. This place blows them all out of the water. The meat was not overcooked, perfectly juicy and succulent, tucked into a warm pita bread with lettuce and who knows what else because I ate the dang thing too fast.Apparently they have amazing desserts, but alas I was too stuffed to try them. What I did buy is some of the aforementioned tea, as well as some Pine Honey from Turkey (to make the tea) , and some Olive Oil from the Poplar store owner's grove in Jerusalem. Cold pressed extra virgin olive oil... I can't wait to try this stuff out! Lunch and shopping in one excursion? Amazing. Look, you have to go to Casablanca, and tell your friends. They just opened, and they are definitely worth your time and money. You will not regret it. Note: If you buy the tea, here is the recipe straight from the manager:  boil water, add fresh ginger (you provide the ginger), let boil 5 minutes, add tea, steep five minutes, add honey and tiny bit of sugar, steep a couple more minutes, and give it a try. Adjust as necessary.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,8/20/2012,109,41,,2,2>Best sandwich in the city by far!!I almost always get the Fino which is just salami, provolone, and olive dressing on a crusty French baguette. Simple? Sure, but the combination is unbeatable! Just don't try it on your first visit because you might never try the rest of the menu which is all excellent. I got their email news letter today that featured a gorgonzola onion soup!! I'm not sure what that's like but it can't be bad. Try this place, you'll love it!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,8/19/2012,197,116,16,12,9>I was all set to preface my review with s sophomoric "First!", since at the time no one else had reviewed yet. Unfortunately, the delicious food coma that enveloped me after consuming Elena's delightful food made that impossible. I'm not entirely sure if Elena's will qualify as authentic. I am positive, however, it qualifies as delicious. Elena's is out in a semi-inconvient location, at least for me. It's located on the corner of Summer and Raleigh-Lagrange, in a tiny strip mall beside a gas station. I drove past it about 6 times on my way to CK computers in a futile attempt to reanimate my laptop. Each time, the urge to swerve across three lanes of traffic was strong, and each time I barely conquered it... until I didn't. The last time was about 6:30 and I was starving. I spied the festive little banner, and the wind blew it in such a way that it seemed to beckon to me. The smell of grilled meat lured me into the parking lot like a siren song. Before I knew it, I was standing in front of the counter placing my order. I order a torta, and sat back to wait. As i perused the interior I noticed a picture of fries with steak, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, and chives, and I knew I had to have those, too. By the time my order was ready-in both an agonizingly long and incredibly short period of time- I had drooled all over my favorite tie. I got the order to go with the full intention of munching in front of the TV since I was home alone that night. That idea lasted maybe 3 minutes. The smell of the food trampled my will power like a herd of octogenarian mall walkers stampeding to GNC for a sale on Centrum Silver. I pulled over in one the industrial parks along Raleigh-Lagrange just to see what the torta looked like. The carne asada steak was covered in cheese, guacamole, a special slaw, and hot peppers, and stuffed between two pieces of the most delicious bread I've ever eaten. I decide to take a bite. Thirty seconds later, the entire sandwich was gone and my mouth was still smoldering from the peppers. I was about to attack the fries until a security guard showed up and asked me why I was "casing the place". At least he saved me the indignity of trying to explain I was actually just too fat to make it home. I spent about 15 dollars for the total meal, and it's honestly enough for two or three people to share. (Don't judge me because I ate it by myself!) The interior of the restaurant is sparking clean and brand new, and the staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Elena's may be in an inconvenient location, but it's a location on plan on frequenting much more often now.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/18/2012,13,163,1,5,3>I've been to Pat's in Philly several times, which is what I consider the real deal, and Mark's is making a solid effort.  Shipping in the rolls from Philly is a big help, bread matters a lot for a sandwich and bread's taste is dependent on the local water.  A++ for the effort.The lack of Cheese-Whiz is a major let down for me.  The reason I think Pat's is the king of Philly is they were the first to do Whiz.  I really hope they find a way to get some Whiz down here, I'd even pay extra for it if that was what was required.I think where they are going just slightly wrong is the cooking style.  If you've ever seen Pat's (or that evil place across the street) they have  huge grill just covered in steak, onions, and peppers.  There's always a line, so the grill is always full.  The result is that the meat cooks in a massive pile of juice and the onions and peppers are probably technically overcooked from sitting on the grill.  Mike's (when I was there) was making them one off, and so the meat was a bit dryer and the peppers in particular a bit too crunchy.Still, better quality than 99% of the places I go around Memphis for an "authentic" Philly.  The fries were also quite good, hand cut, well seasoned.  I'd go again, and I'd drive across town for it if they got the Whiz.  That stuff is like crack.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/17/2012,71,263,,8,4>Like a little kid in a candy store I wandered around with a smile on my face.  I'm a big time foodie and I enjoy great restaurants but I also love to cook, especially Asian.  I can't tell you how many times I find a great recipe only to discover THAT one ingredient that can't be found anywhere but online.  Yes, I've shopped at just about all the Asian Markets in the Memphis area but this place has stuff I've never seen anywhere in this area.  Maybe NY's China Town or San Francisco...long way to go for fresh Kaffir Lime Leaves or Dragon Fruit, whatever that is.  This place has an enormous produce section with fruits and vegetables that'll make any local Thai, Vietnamese or Mexican restaurant very happy.  Then there's the seafood section!  Great selection of fresh and frozen seafood.  I bought some octopus, squid and a nice big whole Blue Fish.  As I continued on my quest for Red Rice Vinegar, I came across the meat section.  Fresh chorizo sausage called out to me...pre-seasoned, marinated chicken and beef...ready for the skillet!  Yes, I did find the Red Rice Vinegar.  I also found seaweed salad and purchased enough to last me a month.  They have a huge selection of rice, condiments, spices, etc.  They also have a very nice Dim Sum selection.  I may just have to triple my visits to Lifetime Fitness.  The market recently opened and they still have many shelves empty but if you can't find it here, you're probably not gonna find it anywhere else in Memphis.  I sincerely hope they get enough support to grow because this place has potential.  Check it out!
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,8/16/2012,29,99,3,5,1>The food isn't fancy. But I'll be damned if more than two months pass by in which I haven't had their fried cheese.The fried cheese. Colby Jack fried up in a delicious batter served with honey mustard and marinara. Skip the marinara, the honey mustard's where it's at. A basket of these will put me into a carb-coma induced nirvana. Erm, they have lovely salads, too.Their entrees are quite nice, too.. Their roast beef sandwich is a real winner. But definitely get the fried cheese.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,11/9/2013,100,106,3,5,2>I'm still licking my lips as I type this. I can't stop thinking about the hummus at Frank's Deli (made in-house), and the delicious cilantro lime dressing that I had on my smoked turkey cobb. I'll admit it. After the old chef Jon Jon left, I stopped going to Franks. I was afraid that the new chef wouldn't compare, and I'd leave disappointed. I'm happy to report (almost two years later), this place is still awesome. They smoke all of their meats on site, and they make some mean sandwiches and salads. My personal favorite is the turkey cobb (it's huuuuge - enough for two people). My husband wasn't convinced that we could split a salad and be full, so we ordered the hummus and toasted pita and I'm so glad we did. And the dressing, the sweet spicy homemade cilantro dressing... I could eat it with a spoon. If you're in the mood for a good deli sandwich downtown, go to Frank's.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,11/8/2013,18,66,2,4,4>Elwood's Shack is what one would call a hidden gem in Memphis. Elwood's backs up to the Lowes parking lot, and is literally a shack. However, it has some of the best food I have ever eaten.GET THE FISH TACOS. Thank me later. I won't even tell you how wonderful they are, because everyone else has already covered it. Just get them. You won't regret it. If you don't like fish, almost anything on the menu is wonderful (hot dogs, meatball sub, BBQ quesadilla--just to name a few).Also, give Elwood's breakfast a shot. Their country taters are phenomenal, their biscuits are fluffy and delicious, and for all you egg-lovers (not me) out there, I've heard their breakfast pizza is the bomb.com.LOVE Elwood's!!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,11/7/2013,36,117,5,3,2>Lotus... lots of hype, bizarre/hilarious stories (read Torri M's encounter with the owner), and a-ok food.  The place has plenty of 3 star qualities, and I really cannot get on board that it is mind-blowing Vietnamese as some others claim.  Let's run it down:The good:- Service... the old guy (some people call him Joe?), is a great guy, and likes to chat with you despite the fact that he is so quiet and has the "Memphis Mumble" going on at a whole new level- Flavors... now, I did enjoy quite a few of the flavors here, and you could tell they had some authentic goodness going on... I like it, and it was fresh goodness at that- Soup... the soup is awesome... all of them... and as others claim, it may be the natural way to cure yourself of a cold... or hangoverThe not as good:- Ambiance/building... it's run down, and full of clutter... like you're at your grandpa's house and he serves Vietnamese food all of a sudden- Speed... this place, you gotta wait... just the way it works as it all appears to be by the orderLook, I gave it four stars because I'm generous today.  Memphis has a very good selection of Vietnamese food, and this fits right in there with the mix of the rest of them.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,11/6/2013,34,71,2,5,1>Finally had the chance to try Jerrys Sno Cones one semi rainy day during lunch time and I was so lucky there was no line. I decided to try the burger and fries since I was starving. The burger was ok but a bit too salty for my taste. The fries on the other hand were just right, not too bland and just enough crispy. The best of all for sure was the wedding cake supreme sno cone. It was delicious and really sweet. I might not be back for the burger and fries, but I can't wait to go back to try some of the other favored sno cones.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/5/2013,114,317,2,5,2>The food gods were smiling upon me when Emerald Thai opened up near my house!!  I saw this past Friday that the long anticipated (at least by me) reopening of Emerald Thai had come to fruition. I felt a twinge of regret that I was on my way out of town, but resolved that Monday, by goodness, I would feast.And feast we did. We got an order of steamed dumplings and two lunch specials - Thai fried rice and Chicken Pad Prik (spicy red curry with onions and peppers). Lunch specials are all $7.50, served with steamed rice and come with your choice of soup (Tom Yum or Tom Kha) or fried spring roll. I got the Tom Kha, my daughter got the spring roll.Everything was just as tasty as I remembered them to be! As one would expect, inside is spartan, but very clean. Service was great and everyone was very friendly. If you'd like a glass of wine with your meal, bring your own - just a $5 service charge. Now, if you'll excuse me, I feel a nap coming on!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,11/4/2013,79,188,5,7,6>After last time I visited Buster's, I will never be drinking an Appletini or Mojito again. Buster's has been my solid accomplice in learning that five shots of eighty proof rum in twenty minutes is a very bad idea.I love this place because everyone in here is super frigging knowledgeable. My boyfriend went up to a guy in a Buster's shirt and said something to the effect of "I just graduated college so I don't want to taste college party booze but I need rum that isn't going to break the bank or taste like rubbing alcohol" and the gentleman nodded and pointed out Cruzan for us. Turns out Cruzan isn't bad! Just, don't drink five shots of it in twenty minutes.The time before this, I had a lady sales person who was equally helpful. I'm not a real expert in hard liquor but I told her what I like and she pointed out several things that would be pleasant to my palette (and she was so right!) She even knew which ones were good for mixed drinks and told us how to make them.But the piece de resistance is the remarkably large collection of shots that you can buy individually to try the liquor and determine what's for you before you buy the big bottle. This is how I found out that Honey Infused Jack Daniel's in oolong tea is so good you'll hate yourself. It is also how I found out that cheap vodka, no matter how cute the label, taste like paint thinner.There are so many helpful associates and such an enormous selection. This is true old fashioned good service, and I haven't checked to see if there's a price difference between this and other liquor stores, but I can say confidently that I would pay more to buy my booze here just to have the pleasure of being served by these people. Seriously, somebody get these guys a tip jar. I have never found a retail experience so easy and exceptional.Keep up the good work, Buster's. And I will keep on buying the booze.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,11/3/2013,27,54,2,2,2>Love this place! Unique, original decor (like their other restaurants) and friendly, quick service. Love the small plates because I like to be able to try a lot at a new restaurant. Also like that they change their menu fairly often. Their drinks are tasty, though not strong at all, but since they're a bit different and use fresh fruit not syrupy liquor, I'm willing to forgive a bit. The beignets are amazing. It's small but they have a patio too. The photo booth is super fun!
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,11/2/2013,31,74,,9,4>I went for lunch to this spot on Summer near Elmore, which was kind of hard to find due to lack of major signage (they have a sign on the door, just nothing on the actual building). They have a pretty large menu of all vegan, and many raw vegan, items. Whereas Imagine Vegan Cafe is more of a comfort food place, this menu seemed to represent more healthy choices. They both have their place, and I appreciate both.Service was...interesting. The sisters are sweet as can be, but they seemed to be inexperienced and a little unsure on everything but the food (because the food was very good). When I walked in, I felt like I had to initiate the transaction by asking if I could have lunch, and then asking if I could see a menu. Then the credit card machine didn't work, but maybe it was just me. It seemed like they forgot about something I ordered because it took a long time. I guess you could call it a very casual approach to service, so be aware of that if you go. And it's still a new place, so hopefully these kinks will get worked out.I got the "chicken" salad sandwich and it was really good! Loved it. Then I tried the Reese's peanut butter pie for dessert, and although I didn't think I'd like it just looking at it when it came out (it's not pie, it's more like goulash type pudding), it was awesome.I'm vegan so I'll definitely be back many times, and I can't wait to try the rest of the menu. I guess that's why I'm even commenting on the service. I need places like this to stay open so I don't have to resort to French fry entrees when eating out!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,11/1/2013,46,3,,3,2>Single in the Suburbs....doesn't take much to excite....but we gathered a group to try out the new Collierville Sports Bar ...btw, great idea by Tony Sarwar...(local politician and owner of several restaurants.. He may be on  to something  with Tony's Trophy Room).   No more driving to Buffalo Wild Wings for SEC football this fall!  I tried the Smoked Turkey Wrap ...with bacon, cheddar, lettuce, tomato and ranch dressing...really , really tasty!  it was very, very good and homemade "skinny" fries .hit .the spot Expecting typical bar food, we found food to be a "step up"...and prices are very reasonable.  The service was incredible..(ask for David in the bar area)...and there was live music, too!  I hear karaoke night on Wednesdays is so much fun with DJ Funn....I hope to check it out soon! Others at the table tried the quesadillas and the wings and were very pleased.  There are pastas, fish and seafood on the menu...but we played it safe!Overall , a really good gathering spot if you don't feel like driving to midtown or downtown!There are Happy Hour Specials daily 3-6, too!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,10/31/2013,0,7,2,6,2>I enjoy Pyro's because you can't beat their price point and they have a fun atmosphere. They have good craft beer options that are roughly $3 with tax. You can get a large pizza made from scratch for under $10 with whatever toppings and however much of them you want. You order at the counter, so you don't even need tip money. Also have good coffee & frappucino options. The atmosphere is upscale, but casual. I especially like their large, unusual patio. Instead of just tables outside, they have huge glass windows they open up. I did go when they JUST opened, so there was a wait for my food and a slow moving prep line. However, that will probably change with more training and experience, so no complaints.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,7/22/2014,111,135,2,4,2>This place is fantastic!!  Located inside of/next door to Wellworx Gym downtown, this place stocks healthy foods meant to help you achieve your health and fitness goals.  They have a new menu every week and you have the option of coming in and just getting a few meals directly in the store or having an entire week's worth of meals (divided however you'd like: breakfast/lunch/dinner, lunch/dinner, etc) delivered to your door.  Each meal is provided in a microwave safe dish and take less than 3 minutes to warm up and prepare.  The great part is that they literally do the work for you.  They plan the meals, prepare the meals, give you their nutrition facts, deliver the meals, and provide you with a no-excuses way to ensure you are fueling your body with what it needs for both weight loss and all of your fitness goals.The store staff are sweet...albeit talkative.  One thing I did notice that I found increasingly annoying the longer I was there was that the girl I spoke with listened to fewer of my questions and told me more about herself and her opinions.  I was disappointed that I didn't get to ask things I wanted to ask because she led the conversation so heavily toward herself.  Aside from that, the store is fantastic.  Very clean and well stocked.  They've got breakfasts, lunches, dinners, and even snacks...and they're all healthy.  It's a great option for those of us that want to be healthy but don't have the time or the patience to prepare meals daily that are fueling the work we are putting into our health.  Definitely check them out!  Rick's Power Chili is FIRE...SO GOOD.  Just saying.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,7/21/2014,36,47,3,5,3>BEWARE: MONSTER OMELETTE!Building resembles a Taco Bell type structure with eclectic decor and a few TVs. Nice shades patio. Came for breakfast. Went with the "whole" omelette for 7.99. Holy smokes, that is a large plate of food. Get the side of potatoes w peppers and Carmelized onions for $1.99. No frills but great basics at a great price. Very tasty. Very affordable. Very good service.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,7/20/2014,58,103,2,5,3>This review is for the Funny Friday Comedy show.  I did not order any food.I've been to Pulse twice.  Once about a year ago, I attended a concert (Musiq/Avant) that was "powered by Timothy Gaston" and the afterparty was held at Pulse.  With your ticket stub, there was not a cover charge.  We didn't stay long, but the club was clean.On my second visit, my husband and I decided to check out the Funny Friday comedy set featuring Scruncho (he's been in movies and was featured on BET's Comic View.  We were disappointed to learn the tickets were $20 instead of $10.  Apparently, it is $10 most nights.  However, when the headliner has name recognition, the price is $20.  By the time we made this discovery, we were already there and decided we'd pay.There were three warm-up comedians that started around 8:40pm.  Doors open at 8 and the first show is at 8:30.  The doors open at 10:30 for the 11:00pm show.  Prior to the comedians, there was a DJ playing 90s and current tunes.  It was a nice touch.  The host is Chesnutt, a Memphis native who is quite the funnyman.  Two other guys did 5 minute sets.  The main act came out, and Scruncho is funny.  I found myself slapping the table in hysterics.  I'm sorry, but I do not recall the length of his set.  All I can tell you is that he really interacted with the crowd, kept us laughing, and put on roller skates and showed his rink skills before thanking the crowd for coming out.While this is a small venue, it is clean and comfortable.  It is not fancy, but it is a nice spot to come and have a laugh.  We're going again to see Bruh Man (of Martin show fame).  Perhaps we will have some food and I'll let you know if it is tasty.This place is really being slept on.  For the early show, they weren't full.  And Scruncho gave a great show in spite of the small crowd.  If you want to support a small local business that is interested in making a good impression (they gave early show attendees free passes for the next week's early show) and making you laugh til it hurts, see you next Friday.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,7/19/2014,75,66,,4,5>Love republic coffee. I tried the amaretto mocha DELICIOUS!!!!! That Mac & cheese was okay not that grand. It's a good place for drinks and pastries!! Free wi-if the atmosphere is great..every now & then it's a guy there name Adam,he type you a personalized poem for you on a vintage typewriter for free!!!! How cool is that!! It was such a sweet surprise!!!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/18/2014,99,218,4,7,3>I'm giving it 5 stars because I mean how nice can a bowling place really be?It's an old a$$ place. It's not fancy, it's not new and sparkly inside. It's rundown with 80s all over it BUT it is what it is. They have a FULL BAR! I think that's why I'm giving them 5 stars and they seemed to have decent food  although I didn't have any . The women's bathroom smelled like Christmas which made me feel cozy. At around 7ish the blue lights came on and the lanes are glow in the darkish. Decent music too. I would go back here again.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,7/17/2014,197,116,7,10,6>I eat most of meals at my desk at work. I usually have just enough time between conference calls and argumentative clients to smash whatever is closest to my office (which is why the dude atthe  Chic fil a behind the office knows my name and my order. by heart). Invariably, this hasty eating leads to dropping, spilling, or dripping something on my shirt. I can't walk around with stains all on my shirt, so I have to get them cleaned, and so far, no one has done a better job than Berryman. These guys are some serious miracle workers. Occasionally,(or every time) I'll come in with marinara stains, BBQ dollops, and mustard dribbles, and these guys make em disappear. They have never shrunk my clothes (unlike Bensinger's!) and they are always extra pleasant to deal with. It is a family run business, and you can tell. Hell, even the family dog "works" at the cleaners. The best part about Berryman's  is there is a 40% discount available if you prepay. Once, I left my change after I paid with a 50$ bill, and instead of chalking that money up to an overage, they gave me the correct change when i returned! That's how you build a relationship with customers. One word to the wise - don't be crazy and try to rob Berryman's. The owners definitely believe in the second amendment and carry their weapons on their  persons in the store. Mess around and get shot if you want to...
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,7/16/2014,111,151,,10,4>Review is for the HAPPY HOUR only! A friend tipped me off on a secret two years ago that I'm sharing with you today:  Flemming's offers a 5 - 6 - 7 happy hour in the bar area. Five cocktails, five wines and five appetizers for $6 until 7pm.  And they do mean bar area, no dining room no patio. There are five booths in this area so you either need to get there at 5pm or come at 6pm when the early crowd turns over. A small half wall separates you from the $50 steak high rollers. We sat at a bistro table in front of the wine cellar , this is a bit of a high traffic area so it's not preferred. We got there at 5:30 and it was the last table left. The drinks are actually $6.90, which I think is a bit deceiving but hey, they've got to make their money somewhere. Sodas are $3.50 each. Our food selections were baked Brie, tenderloin carpaccio, prime burger and salt & pepper shrimp; All were delicious, and we could have done with only three.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,7/15/2014,47,58,4,7,3>Well, I'm in a pickle, here is why. I've sworn allegiance to another bbq joint in town and have backed it since day one. But then, a couple years later, I try Payne's... holy cow. I prefer Memphis style bbq to all other bbq styles, I love pork and I love sauce, and I prefer the Memphis style of both those things. With that said, this is definitely one of the best bbq shops around, competing for the best in my mind. My first trip here, I had the ribs, the pork sandwich, and a smoked sausage. The pork sandwich is one of the best I've ever had, the key to it is in the slaw! The slaw on the sandwich with mustard, and the tangy sauce, and the perfectly cooked pork, was a game changer. The ribs were great, not the best, but man oh man the sauce really helps them out. The bbq sauce is a great blend of sweet and tangy, and I normally don't appreciate tangy sauces but this place has nailed it. The ribs aren't as tender and don't fall of the bones as easily as at other places around town, but flavor can compensate for that, and these ribs have it. But then comes the real king of this place, the smoked sausage. It is fantastic, and I have gone to this place in consecutive days just for a sausage. Yes, I've also tried the fried bologna in my constant visits, and it is just as good as everyone says it is... but everything else is just as good or better! Oh, and the beans are a must. Thick and flavorful and delicious, these beans mean business. A smoked and beans is all you'll need to become a believer that Payne's is among the best of Memphis.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,7/14/2014,192,191,5,10,5>.... Putting aside my heritage and exposure to real Japanese food ....Even I know what I'm dealing with in the City of Memphis. Having said that, my standards for asian food in Tennessee/Memphis, have changed drastically, therefore, I give this a 4/5 stars since it is decent enough to satisfy my Japanese craving without being too no-authentic. FOOD -I ordered the Gokumiso Ramen. PLUS: I did not know that my meal came with a free salad! Though the salad isn't that great, its better than nothing and helps me mentally offset the amount of calories and carbs I'm about to ingest with my ramen. The ramen came out hot, and the broth was good. The noodles itself were just aite, but better than What I was expecting. I enjoyed the little specks of willingness to try for authenticity in the soup! So, in my books, this was not bad. The bowl itself is about $10, which is meh, average/okay, for the amount of food that you get. SERVICE - The service was friendly. Girls ushered me to a table, and I had a lady server that was nice and attentive. I do have to say that getting the check and getting my card swipe DID take a WHILE (pet peeve, I hate slow service).  Time wise in getting the food took a while too. So definitely account that into your visit. I came on a weekday for lunch so I expected it to be a bit faster. ETC - Their menu is vast! They have ALOT of things to order from. I wanted to order sushi; but, decided to try the Ramen this time and sushi next time. Overall, this is an OK place. FOR MEMPHIS THOUGH, its a good upgrade to the city's asian food landscape, so I'm giving it 4 stars. Average/good enough to satisfy your asian food craving.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,7/13/2014,8,73,3,6,4>I just shopped at the new and improved Whole Foods store on Poplar and  Mendenhall, and I'm excited. There's so much more space. No more bumping into  carts at the end of each aisle! The delicatessen is also much nicer, with a varied  selection, and polite attentive people behind the counter. The entire atmosphere is  much less frantic than before. I suggest shopping in the middle of a week-day, but  not at noon due to the lunch crowd. The parking is still a problem as long as the new addition is under construction. I'm looking forward to everything being complete. It  should be my main grocery store soon.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,3/7/2012,123,514,,2,4>Yummy. If you want NY style pizza this is the place to go. I've been missing good NY pizza. Y'know, the kind that has the thin crunchy crust that can snap if you bend it.The slices are huge. 1 slice there is like 2 slices elsewhere.We also ordered a calzone. Thing was huge. It had Ricotta cheese...this has been an issue of mine. Calzones are supposed to have Ricotta cheese and I've been to too many places that don't include it.They did here and the price on the calzone includes 2 "toppings" (although they go inside).The bread sticks were fresh made and my toddler couldn't get enough of their perfectly garliced yummyness.I will certainly be going back there when I am craving a slice of home.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,3/6/2012,89,341,,7,2>If you are into bargain hunting and thrift stores, you'll really like this place. It's quite the hidden treasure. You'll find really great clothing brands like Ann Taylor Loft, Talbots, Harrold's, Chico, Ralph Lauren, Gap, Nike, Adidas and Levi's. In addition to really nice things and great name brands, there are plenty of funky, very dated "vintage" finds, so plan to spend more than a little time weeding through. It's well worth it, though. At least if you love the thrill of the hunt like I do. Mostly, I find classics, since trendy styles come and go so quickly. On the other hand, there are plenty of retro things and if you have an eclectic style, you'll definitely be happy with the things you're guaranteed not to see anyone else wear. The store is huge compared with the typical thrift store, which makes it much easier to shop. The clothes are very well organized by category - skirts, shorts, dresses, long sleeved tops, and on and on. They do a good job with keeping the sizes organized, too. Each week, a different color tag is 50% off. In addition to clothing, they have housewares, furniture and books, but I wasn't thrilled with what I saw there. Plan to go back now and then, because they're always putting out new things.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,3/5/2012,69,705,3,4,3>This is the place to go if you're a fan of exclusively ultra-modern home decor, or if you just have an eye for clean or unique lines and shapes and bold color, this store will appeal to you.  I was drawn to the light fixtures and lamps.  Some tall, some curvy and ball-shaped that would add a conversation piece to a room.  Also spotted were neat bar stools and a sharp, minimalist sofa that would look good in a loft.  If you're looking to furnish a new place or just want to window shop, it's a great place to stop in.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2012,3/4/2012,13,163,,6,2>This place is some of the best food in all of Memphis.  They are proud of using locally sourced ingredients and making everything fresh.  Come late at night and they will be out of a couple of the specials on busy nights.  The food is "traditional mexican", principally tacos and tortas but there are a few other small plates, like tamales.  There is almost always several seasonal fresh specials, get the board by the register.  It is a small location, and during the busiest times it can be hard to find a seat.Pepe (the owner) and his son Jonathan are both extremely friendly.  They are proud of their food, and will be happy to answer any questions that you have and make recommendations.  It's clear both are extremely quality conscious when it comes to the food, making sure everything comes out perfect every time.There is only one thing keeping this from being a 5-star review for me, and that's the price.  You are, more or less, getting what you pay for, but it's also what makes this place a once a month treat rather than a once a week staple.  They are well into sit-down dining prices for fast casual service.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,3/2/2012,27,45,,4,1>Harry's just flat out has good food. I had gone in thinking we were going to have more of a Greek experience, but it turns out that Greek influences are limited. We started with a Mahi Mahi Spread, which was delicious (served with olives, sliced apple, and toasted bread). I wish they had an option for more Mahi Mahi spread!For the main course, I had the Chicken Newport, which is according to the waitress we had, the most Greek experience they have available.  The Chicken Newport was excellent, but I wish there had been more sauce on it (since the sauce was delicious). My wife had a Thai dish, the name of which escapes me. It was also good.For desert, we had a wonderful bread pudding.If you get a chance, try this restaurant out. Parking seems quite limited, and I'm sure this is the reason Harry's does not stay more full. However, there is ample parking nearby at closed businesses, none of which have "no parking" signs.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,3/1/2012,2,31,,10,3>My husband and I tried Evelyn & Olive last night for the first time and I can assure you that we will defineately return!  We started with the Salt & Pepper Shrimp appetizer with "boom boom" sauce.  For an entree my husband had the angus burger and said it was one of the better burgers he's had.  (This is an extreme compliment when said by a West Texan!)  He especially loved the ciabatta roll/bun.  I had the Salmon Croquettes with Grits.  It was excellent and reminded me of a dinner my mom used to make- comfort food!  The only thing I would have added is some rolls or french bread, but as others have said... the place is brand new and I'm sure any small kinks will get worked out.  The atmosphere is very cozy- love the color scheme, lighting, and size of the dining area. Great music.  Great service.  Worth driving across town for!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,2/29/2012,30,91,2,4,3>Yum !!  So this is a sleeper spot for Memphis BBQ, overshadowed by some of the bigger, more traditional  establishments and I probably would have missed it had a co-worker not mentioned the place. It was even written up as a great BBQ place by the NYT a few years back.It was described as,  "In the hood. Open only during the day. Cash Only." These are accurate statements, although it would be a mistake to equate "hood' with "unsafe during daylight" in this instance.  Just use the same common sense you would use anywhere (ex - don't leave your car unlocked with valuables visible, etc)We went LATE on a Saturday afternoon.  The place is spartan, with a 2 person kitchen team (mother, son) and some very old equipment.   Not a place built for volume or waste,  my husband scored the last slab of ribs for the night.  Some people (regulars to the place it seemed) who came after us enviously/longingly  looked over as we ate ours in happy bliss.  Unlike the experience of an unhappy reviewer,  the meat came off the bones with ease.   My husband, who is himself a bit of an expert in ribs, declared them "the best ribs he's ever had"   We went months ago and he is STILL raving about the ribs.  Don't go too late in the day or you might miss them.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2010,2/28/2012,99,218,4,7,4>This place gets a lot of slack for having too much icing on their cupcakes, well why not take the part u don't want off?I make cakes cupcakes, etc, and part of their business and attraction is based on the look of the cupcakes too.  I think if they didn't make the icing look the way they do it would be a boring cupcake.I had the banana cream cake and it was yummy. I ate all the icing too and I don't even like icing. There was cream in the cupcake. The cupcakes were a larger size than muddy's and came in a cute box. I loved it! I sound like I own the place haa. I like Muddy's too, GiGi's I think just has a different look. Down side cupcakes are almost $4, Muddy's are smaller but I believe about $2. I gave it 5 stars because it's a dessert place and they didn't disappoint and it  came in it's own box!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,2/27/2012,47,110,4,5,3>I took the lead by some respected reviewers and tried this out on a day when I was jonesin' for pizza.Problem:  because Little Italy is miles from where I work or live, it's gonna cost me in gas money.  Need to find reasons to be in the neighborhood.  (Hmmmm, I do occasionally have to visit the MERI on Cleveland for work.)  Back to the review...This is New York pizza by the slice where you can fold it like a man!!  The inside of Little Italy reminds me of pizza places you find in NYC.  The booths reminded me of Ray's on Prince St. (which sadly closed forever on Oct. 30.)I had a slice with Italian sausage  It was just so right-on.  Crust perfect.  Cheese: correct amount and texture.  Sausage: as I remember it.Little Italy competes head-to-head with my other favorite outside-of-NY pizza place, Vinny Van Go-Gos in Savannah.Now looking for reasons to go back to try other offerings.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,2/26/2012,27,82,3,9,12>Everything that can be said about this place has already been said. It bleeds ambiance, it has the best jukebox in town aside from maybe Alex's, the burgers are delicious, it used to be a brothel, it's haunted, and Nate is an institution. Not to downplay any of those things - any bar would be blessed to have just one of those characteristics - but I don't see a need to be repetitive. A few of my own observations, however:This place doesn't get busy until at least midnight. Keep that in mind, depending on what you're looking for. If you want to hear stories, come early and, chances are, you'll have the bar - and the bartender - to yourself. If you want to make a few stories of your own, come later.The crowd here is a total crapshoot. So many places use it for parties and events that you never know who you'll run into - I've seen polo-shirted fraternity events, bizarre costume parties, and - no kidding - senior citizen gatherings here at night. It makes it interesting for repeat business - no two nights here are ever the same - and if you're not into the crowd downstairs, you can usually find a room to yourself upstairs.Speaking of the second floor, it gets EXTREMELY hot up there in the summertime. I don't say this to scare anyone away from it - just dress accordingly.Good luck parking here at night. When coming here, I usually walk to the Madison Avenue trolley and transfer to the Main Street trolley downtown, which dumps you quite literally at the doorstep of Earnestine and Hazel's. Even if I'm with people who don't want to walk to the trolley, we'll usually just park somewhere near the trolley line and take it in, just to avoid trying to park in South Main. Either way, it's a cheap cab ride home or back to the car if the ghosts keep us out after the trolley shuts down.If there's a bar anywhere in the world like Earnestine and Hazel's, I've never been to it - and I've been to my share. Go, eat a few soul burgers, drink a beer in a room that Ray Charles may very well have - ahem - patronized, and experience a part of Memphis that no longer exists anywhere else.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,11/29/2011,121,288,3,4,4>This rustic general store sits between the two main entrances to Shelby Forest park, which makes it the prime spot for picking up any last minute camping needs. The shelves are stocked with groceries, sodas, six packs and snacks, and an entire wall at the back of the store is covered in multicolored Frisbees. Handwritten signs (one in sharpie implores visitors to "ask about the $10,000 reward") and photos from trips to the forest are tacked up everywhere.A large portion of the general store is devoted to a diner-style restaurant that serves just about everything. The menu jumps from fried delicacies (mushrooms, poppers, etc.) to burgers and turkey melts, to catfish fillet plates and steaks. Even on steak night, none of the food costs more than $10.I ordered a world famous cheeseburger, which comes recommended (at least at the 2009 Grammys) by Millington native Justin Timberlake. I ate mine sitting at the counter, under the watchful eye of a veritable forest of taxidermied critters. My burger, which came wrapped in wax paper and held together with toothpicks, was huge and juicy. It was topped with cheddar cheese, a tomato slice, lettuce, ketchup, mustard and chopped red onions. While it wasn't the most amazing burger I've ever had, it was far from the worst. It was fresh, filling, and best of all, cheap - my sandwich and a drink came to $5.75.Though the 75 year-old store is only about 30 minutes away from downtown Memphis, the distance seems much further. It's open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,11/30/2013,8,73,2,3,2>I finally went to the Levitt Shell the other night. I had heard about it, but never had made the effort to go. I think it is a great Memphis asset, and one that should be promoted to all Memphians.  I think I'm probably late to the party, because the event was very well attended. A friend has bought a sponsorship and invited us to food, drinks, and music while sitting on a terrace at the top of the hill. It was a wonderful evening! The weather was great, and the view of the shell was fantastic. I walked over to see the people on the hillside better and saw it was covered with people sitting in chairs and on blankets and having a great time. I can't imagine a better way to spend a relaxing evening. It had everything - even restrooms. I highly recommend a visit to the free event, and I appreciate all those sponsors who make it possible - especially the Levitt Foundation and local corporations.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,11/29/2013,59,133,,3,3>Some of the best pizza I've had in Memphis. It's got a thick layer of cheese, and they are generous with meat. I also love bread more than the average human being, so I will scarf down some garlic knots. The people who work here work hard. They are always so friendly, and the one time they got our order wrong and we said it was fine, they wouldn't take no for an answer and corrected it as quickly as possible. The building it's in is kind of old, the space is small, and you can smell the smoke from the tobacco shop next door (definitely a sweet cigar smell), but it's clean.Since trying Little Italy, we haven't looked back!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,11/28/2013,25,107,2,3,1>I should probably run distance races more often* just so I'd be motivated to get more postrace massages. I should add that I also had a prerace massage. Worth it.Ask for Rick! Not only did he get my burnt-out legs back onto recovery road, but turns out he also specializes in Massage for Pediatric Autism, which, although not relevant to my own situation, I think is pretty cool. The Body Mechanix facility itself is, for me, a nice half-way point between "gym functional" and day spa--it's clean, attractive, and conducive to relaxation, but not something out of an old Calgon commercial.(*Then again, maybe I shouldn't, actually. That last race was a killer.)
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,11/27/2013,33,56,3,5,3>I hadn't been to Fleming's in a while, so last night's meal was like eating there for the first time. The menu has small plates now and the choices are quite varied. I had the ahi tuna small plate (made into an entree size) and it was cooked to perfection; and the vegetable salad accompaniment had just the right level of citrus to go with the tuna. The service was very good as well, our waiter didnt rush us at all. All in all a great meal!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,11/26/2013,38,96,1,6,3>Great stuffed burgers! Angus or turkey burgers stuffed your way. You can stuff it with cheese, sautéed mushrooms, roasted peppers, grilled onion, fresh spinach, bacon or jalapenos.I keep it simple when it comes to burgers and I like beef. So I asked Ed (Edna) to stuff my Angus burger only with cheese and add lettuce, tomato, onion and mayonnaise as toppings. Ed went over the top and stuffed my Angus patty with American, cheddar, provolone and feta cheese. My dining companion had hers stuffed with grilled onion, mushrooms and cheese.Both burgers were well seasoned, juicy, tender and delicious.We shared a basket of onion rings. While not homemade, they were very good and fried crisp and clean. No old oil here.Mot & Ed's also offers a tempting soul food menu that I would love to try if I can get past ordering that damn good stuffed burger again.Ed was very charming and she made us feel so welcome. She told me her turkey burger might even convert a beef burger purist like me.Definitely a place to put in your bookmarks.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/25/2013,289,203,2,2,2>I do believe these were the best strawberry cupcakes I've ever had in my life. I could eat two maybe three without having any regrets! I tried the chocolate one as well and it was good but maybe it's better as a nice fluffy slice of cake. I love that place and will be back one of these days when I'm in the area again. And I just found out they sell the minis at Tamp and Tap downtown. Mmmmm now I'm craving one again!!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,11/24/2013,54,249,2,3,3>A fantastic addition to Memphis that basically single-handedly catapulted Memphis from the seventh circle of biking hell to the first moon of biking paradise. It's not only fun to ride, but it's useful for going places and connects to the whole Shelby Farms/Wolf River Greenway system of paved bike paths. Once the extension crosses Germantown Parkway and they connect the Tillman entrance to Midtown, it'll be possible to ride from the furthest suburbs to Midtown solely on a bike path. That's just plain awesome. The road crossings are well-marked and drivers were (for Memphis) unusually respectful of bikers at most of them. Surface is wide enough for bikers and pedestrians to get along comfortably. Of course, there's always some Darwin Award fodder on a recumbent bike cruising at 25 MPH straight through traffic, but most bikers also seemed willing to obey the rules of the road. So long as it stays safe, this will be one of the crown jewels in recreational opportunities in the Memphis area. I'd especially recommend it to tourists who wanted to get a sense of the city outside of the downtown/Elvis conglomeration, albeit perhaps on days where it's below the fun 95/95 degrees/humidity mark.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,11/23/2013,106,53,2,3,2>okay I have gotten out of the habit of writing reviews...but it is definitely time to get back in the game.  It was a stressful saturday and I was hungry midday....for some reason I was craving suishi.  Now I must admit to still being a bit leary of non cooked sushi and sashimi in the interior of the country I still confess to being a pushover for a nice non-traditional cooked roll from time to time.  Shoot me I am not a sushi purist.I had seen the Sakura on Popular tucked into a little corner strip mall across from the gas station and thought I would give them a try instead of driving all the way out to my usual haunt  Akasaka or to their Germantown location.  I must say I was plesantly surprised.  The atmosphere was nice, serene and refreshing.  I love the nice hot towel they give you to clean your hands when you sit down....and the server I had was very helpful with suggestions.I had heard about their Joyce roll...and as it was on several lists of best things to eat in Memphis I figured I would get that....but also started with some salad and pot stickers.  In addition to the Joyce roll I also got the Mango roll....their portions are good sized so I ended up taking stuff home for laterWhat can I say....rarely does a food item live up to the hype but the Joyce roll was all that a bag of chips and a side of fries.  lots of interesting flavors and textures going on.  one of the better inventive rolls I have not just in Memphis....but ever.  The mango roll was tasty as well.  the salad I could have done without...which I think the issue there was the dressing....I think unless you have a peanut allergy you should get the peanut dressing...the Ginger dressing is NOT good something off with the flavor....too much ginger and too much acidity in the dressing make for a not at all enjoyable experience,  The pot stickers were very tasty and well done.  So if you are hanging like I was at the Target off colonial and want a nice sushi break in a great atmosphere....this is the place for you.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,11/22/2013,53,148,,3,2>I grew up in the home of Krispy Kreme, and that is where my doughnut loyalties will always lie.That being said... Apple Fritters and Maple Bacon Donuts.That's all-the other 101 reviews have covered the specifics.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,11/21/2013,153,109,4,7,5>Will someone buy me/rent me a house in High Point Terrace? Why have I not been to this place sooner? I will literally will probably live at Cheffie's now. There are just so many choices! I asked a friend to meet me for lunch there not really knowing what to expect. I had just heard a lot of people loved it so I decided to take a gander. I was completely in love upon walking in the door. IT'S HEALTHY! Not just one choice is healthy, but almost the entire concept is based off healthier foods, which I love! I made a salad, but can't wait to try their sandwiches! I am just so in love with this place! I cannot wait to eat here again.... I might even go today! The patio is amazing, I also here they have a really good pint night! Go try it! You'll thank me later!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,12/11/2013,197,116,10,15,8>The Mighty Olive just left a mighty big impression on me. At first, I was concerned that a specialty store selling only olive oil and vinegar would have a difficult go of things in a city that clings tenaciously to it's aura of blue collar grittiness. Honestly, the store did little to assuage my fears. The store is beautiful on the inside, sporting shiny, metal drums filled with various flavors of olive oil and vinegar resting comfortably on a meticulously polished granite counter top. In the back is a bar/seating area where the owners plan on having demonstrations ( I'm unsure  about whether the demonstrations will be actual  cooking demonstrations or simply mixing demonstrations).  The register wall would probably be considered miscellaneous. There are flavored pastas, bottles of whole olives, some cookbooks, and other various items. The store was organized, clean, and smelled incredible.While none of the elegant decorating designs scream grit or grind, there is one aspect of the store that will ensure that it remains a Memphis staple for a long time: the products. Just so you know, olive oil sold commercially can be as little as 1% olives. All the oil sold at Mighty Olive is organic and made with actual olives. The owners were kind enough to give me a brief lesson on olive oil and how to taste it. Apparently, you rub the ramekin in your hands to heat it and release the bouquet, at which point you can actually sip the olive oil to taste it. If you're a heathen (like me) you fatfist a hunk of bread, soak up the olive oil with that, and then try to pretend like you can decipher the hint of lemon grass. You can work your way down the line "tasting" all the versions of olive oil, the Mighty Olive encourages sampling. This isn't just  your momma's olive oil, though. There are a number of variants you can get: red pepper, lemon, orange, even chocolate! I tried a strawberry olive oil and balsamic vinegar that actually did something i thought was impossible: it made me look forward to the next time I make a salad. (Some steak, blue cheese, mixed greens, fresh strawberries and spicy walnuts with this dressing?! Watch out, body fat, I'm coming for you!)While Memphis is proud of our gritty heritage, I think we're also refined enough to know a great idea when we taste one. And while it may be too "oily" to tell (see what i did there?!), I think the Mighty Olive is mighty fine.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,12/10/2013,39,55,,6,6>We've been here a half dozen times or more and I just never could get up the nerve to order any oysters. I love oysters but haven't had any really good ones outside of the Gulf region. Well on this day things would be different! We settled in and ordered a few cold ones and I decided today would be the day. I ordered the Charbroiled Oysters and wowzers am I glad I did! Yeah I know they're cooked/grilled so to speak and not raw but I haven't had oysters this good anywhere around here and I have tried. Nice smoky flavor but not overly smoked. Served up on a good ol'saltine and a little hot sauce and I was in heaven for as long as the dozen lasted. Looks like I've finally found a place to have some really good oysters.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,12/8/2013,47,58,8,7,7>Sorry chicken, sorry bbq... The king is dead, long live the King!This is where I always want to eat in Memphis now. This is a place I would not be embarrassed to bring my Mexican family to (since we are from San Diego). This is the place I wished I lived near.Let me set the mood, I leave my house wearing my In-n-Out t-shirt, just to make sure the thunder storm knows that it will never take away my spirit. I get to work and my coworker reminds me that we agreed to try this taco shop he heard about. We set off for lunch, and when I see the sign that reads "southern California style tacos" (or something similar) I know that this place better deliver, because I don't want ANYONE to represent my home poorly. The menu item that instantly got my attention was "carne asada fries," the traditional San Diego dish. Back home, if someone says, "I'm gonna go get some fries" this is what they mean. It's everywhere. So I order some fries and proceed to the salsa bar. I taste every salsa they have within 5 minutes, and the salsa alone is enough to give them 5 stars. Want my salsa recommendation? I would start off with "Oakland." Even though "Logan" is delicious, it might be too spicy for some people. Pro-tip: Don't waste time with little cups, wait for your food to come out, take your plate to the salsa bar, and put the salsa on your food. Eat, enjoy.I got my fries, and while they are a smaller portion than what I am accustomed to or hoped for, they are still delicious. (Note: I did not say "small portion," I simply said "smaller portion than what I am accustomed to.") The fries were crispy and reminiscent of Rally's/Checker's (which is different, but good) and the fries come with meat, guac, sour cream, pico de gallo, and cheese. I piled on the salsa and was in heaven. The oldies/surf soundtrack put me in the mood to eat my traditional "after beach" food and the decor made me feel like I could be back home in any taco shop. Eat the carne asada fries.The rest of my party had tacos (forgive them Lord, they know not what they do) and loved them as well. We also had chips and guac and I am a chips and guac fan. It was good.This place made me feel good. It made me happy. The family that owns the place is from my city, and got the tastes of San Diego just right. This is the food that every person in southern California misses, that they can't find anywhere else. It is here, in Elena's Taco Shop. They nailed it. I will be back, frequently.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,12/7/2013,103,128,,4,4>This is the country club for people who don't like traditional country clubs.  Growing up in clubs taught me manners, and also exposed me to things like racism, classism, and superiority.  Ridgeway was never like that (at least, to me).  This used to be the primarily Jewish country club in the Memphis area, located just inside the Collierville town line.  With the transient-and-fruitful properties of Collierville's booming population, this has become the suburbanite's club, retaining much of its older heritage but now serving families of schools such as ECS, Hutchison, and St. George's.  The club has geared itself toward the young families and keeps the children busy with a special kids' area, which is supervised on Thursday evenings.  There is a Kids nite on Thursdays with a clown who does balloon art and face painting, from 6:30-8:00.  They have a gifted event planner who will do kids' birthday parties, and other holiday parades and parties throughout the year, such as Halloween.Note, if you stay after the dining room and kitchen are closed, they will charge you!!   All the food is made in-house, however, down to the mini corn dogs. Food and anything from the bar is also available for order by the pool, which is super convenient on hot summer days. The service is great, however, and if you become involved, this can be a very comfortable place for your kids to grow up, be it on the courts, in the pool (and bouncehouse), or on the golf course.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,12/6/2013,21,105,5,11,3>Same old Sub shop goodness with a few pluses1. New and shiny2. Sexy redish painted walls3. Vintagey black and white pics of the old place4. Clean5. Parking lot doesn't have 38357482 potholes6. Comfy looking sofa thing on one wall7. Doors won't slam on you8. No fake hobos/panhandlers to be seen(seriously I've seen those same dudes from the old place get out of a cadillac)They have a new coke machine in there as well as new tea machines... CLEANThe furniture seems to be the same but new, no more rickety benches, glass tops on the table might be old.Great air conditioner and all the same great people from the old storeThey've also added a trashbinNO CREDITOverall the place is a lot more inviting, I could actually see myself spending a few hours hereIt's only their third day in the new space and no kinks to be seen in their operation.I look forward to several more years of great sandwiches... and perhaps now I'll try a few of their Chinese fare.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,12/5/2013,43,104,2,2,2>A stellar dining experience starts with the wine. The savvy client is going scan this wine list and realize two things: 1) this is way better than an average list, and 2) those prices are too good to be true. A rare treat to see a '09 Goldeneye (Anderson Valley) Pinot Noir at any restaurant (even in Cali) and rarely for $100-ish bucks. Now you have me in a good mood.Chef prides herself on local grown and seasonal....and the menu (that does change often) validates that commitment. The Buffalo Salmon Deviled Eggs with Caviar gave me a foodie orgasm (can I say that?). I hate beets! So, how did her Beet Salad win me over? No serrated knife presentation in advance of the arrival of my lamb chops...because they can be cut with a butter knife!! The best flash fried okra I've ever had. Wifey had the speckled (sea)trout and loved it. Big portions. Ok, get the point....go try it for yourself. As for the price...yes, spend the kid's college fund. Your positive contribution to the Entitled Generation. I would like to see the management do something about the hideous purple walls with "square pin cushions" and those equally ugly backless barstools. They're both awful. Taupe is a bit more 21st Century, right?
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,12/4/2013,143,65,4,4,4>Typically I don't review a place till I try at least 3 different entrees, an appetizer, and a dessert, but I just can't wait to talk about the Arkansas Outlaw, grilled cabbage, and the corn bread.I have to admit that I've never been to the Florida Ave location, mostly due to that I rather walk. So when I hear that DejaVu finally opened up a few blocks from me, I had to try it ASAP.When I went in there, I knew something was up. It was like only 4 waiters there knew what they were doing. It'll get worse than that later on, I'll tell you about that later! But it's their second day (?) so I'll give them some leeway. (They just opened yesterday.)I was taken upstairs despite having plenty of room downstairs; and I kind of wanted to sit downstairs so I can people watch. I didn't complain because I didn't know what was upstairs; next time, I'll stay downstairs!When I finally sat down, the waiters were discussing how to give me a menu. Once again, they're training, I suppose. Next I asked for a recommendation, one of the waiters who knew what he was doing suggested me the Arkansas Outlaw. Well, he's right. It is fantastic! It also arrived quickly too.The Arkansas Outlaw is one big fresh filet of fried catfish, topped with crawfish etouffee. The crust was crispy, and the fish was incredibly tender and not overcooked like many other places. The crawfish etouffee tasted very New Orleans, although the crawfishes aren't big. On the side, I had grilled cabbage and greens. The grilled cabbage was awesome. It's like something grandma used to make (and my grandpa is Chinese!). The corn bread is also the best I've had in a long time! The whole experience was just heavenly.After I was done with my plate, another waiter took my plate and began immediately wiping it down! Whoa, hold on here! Many times the dirty towel got on my shirt and pants. I didn't even get the check yet! So obviously I preceded to pay quickly. So he took my card and asked the other guy, "Man, how do I do this? I don't know how to do this." Then another waiter asked me if I would like dessert...All in all, the food is delicious. I just wished that they had trained the waiters more before opening. But I'm glad to do my part to support such a great local eatery.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/3/2013,12/3/2013,71,41,3,3,3>One shouldn't come to Sekisui Midtown expecting the same menu as Sekisui's poplar location called "pacific rim" or SPR, for short. When I was seated and asked if I'd like to order an appetizer, I denied but inquired if they could make the "tofu with vegetables" dish made by their sister location. When my server kindly replied, "No, this menu is all we have available" - well, that foreshadowed what was to come. Perhaps I am spoiled by having visited SPR a few times, or that I eat sushi semi-frequently (Yelp gaves me da Sushi badge w00t! ), I felt that the menu was quite limited, if I didn't want anything fried that is. If you're looking for tempura, you're in heaven (every other thing on the menu is tempura-style). The sushi was very below standard, with a poorly-made sushi rice and sloppily wrapped in seaweed or sushi rice. Not sure if sushi prices were too expensive, or if lunch entree prices were super cheap (Insert Futurama Fry meme here), but one of the simplest rolls I had with only 2 ingredients was $9.00. My friend's lunch all together with beef, vegetables, steamed rice, soup, salad, and a drink was only $10.00. The bad ends there. The overall vibe of the restaurant was quite charming, even though I went for lunch. Our server was busy but easily-identifiable as caring and proficient. My partner's lunch as I stated was at quite a decent price. I tried his soup and salad, both of which were good. I definitely see a great potential for this place, and it seemed to be pretty popular. For now, I"m just going to chalk it up to "ordered the wrong things at the wrong time". I'll definitely be back, ready to see a dinner menu, and ready to chow down on whatever it is that's keeping midtowners coming back over and over again.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/2/2013,102,55,3,6,3>I just have to say I love any event where you can shop, drink, and eat while meeting some amazing people!  Joelle P. knows how to plan an event like this extremely well! :) Love this Crazy Beautiful Pop Up Shop! I have always been a Crazy Beautiful fan and so excited they opened up a pop up shop downtown.  Perfect location on South Main right beside Spindini.  I wanted everything in that store!!! Too bad I am on a spending freeze right now, but that still did not stop me from buying a few items....!! Can't wait to go back and do some holiday shopping! Thanks again Joelle!! Looking forward to the next one! ;)
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,12/1/2013,122,128,3,7,8>My wife and I were here on Sunday evening for our one year wedding anniversary. I made the anniversary well in advance online. I told them that it was our anniversary and they had some favors on the table for us which was a nice touch. (See pics below.) We started our evening with a couple of glasses of Prosecco sparkling wine and crab stuffed mushrooms. The mushrooms were absolutely wonderful. My wife ordered for her main course, the petite filet and shrimp, which she loved. We shared sauteed mushrooms and mashed potatoes. The presentation was great and who can't love the sizzle of the meat and butter on the plate. I decided on the cowboy ribeye. My steak was cooked a perfect rare. For dessert, my wife wanted Crème brûlée. Since the restaurant knew the occasion, the took the liberty of decorating our plate with "Happy First Wedding Anniversary". We loved this personal touch. All of the food was spectacular and the service was top notch. Everything was as we expected or better. Obviously, you know coming that the bill will be north of $100 for two people so please don't negatively review the place for that. The ambiance is great and we will definitely be back. We plan on making this a yearly tradition unless we are out of town. Thanks Ruth's Chris for the great experience!!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/26/2013,27,93,2,3,1>OMG, Lunchbox Eats, where have you been all my life?As someone who works in a school and gets approximately 7.3 minutes to eat lunch, I have not been able to eat here because they're only open for lunch. Until now. Ladies and gents, they're open late on Grizzlies game days. So, husband and I made the trip before the Grizzlies/Thunder game. I am so glad we did! This place is awesome! The inside looks like what a school cafeteria should be: chalkboard with specials and menu items, books galore, and board games on the tables to play while you wait. The menu: amazing. I had the chicken & grids, which was wonderful. Eggplant fries as a side item - tasty, although a bit soggy if not eaten quickly. Pickles made in-house? Flippin' awesome! Lemonade of the day was strawberry lemonade and totally yummy with a big ole straw in a huge mason jar.  My husband had the Principal's office link, which he devoured in no time. He had the chickpea crunch, which was interesting and yummy (I stole a few). The staff is super friendly. I can't say enough good things about this place.The desserts looked so good. Sadly, I was too full to try one. Next time, I'll need to control my fat kid self so that I can have one. I ate every bite of my meal, and I'm not ashamed. For about what we would have spent at the Forum on mediocre re-heated food, we had a killer pre-game dinner. We got there around 5pm, and we were the only guests in the place. Seriously, just go. For those who said the area is sketchy... meh, it's really not that bad. You can see FedEx Forum from the front of the restaurant.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,4/25/2013,38,62,7,12,5>I was never a donut fan until my friend took me to GIBSON's. The donuts tastes so fresh. You will find at least 15 different types of donuts during day time. It is also our favorite hangout place on Friday/Saturday night. The donut sale starts from 11pm to 1.30pm. You get 6 donuts for $1.50. But most of the times, there are very few donuts left for sale, as it is often sold out. I have waited in line for getting donuts even at 12am.  I have seen kids aged around 5 and adults aged around 70+ standing in line. So, this explains how popular it is across all age groups.I am having the best weekend nights from last 6 months: Late night drive, yummy donuts, unlimited coffee and lengthy chat sessions with friends at GIBSON's :)
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/24/2013,127,77,1,10,7>I enjoy this place, and often visit for happy hour after work on a weekly basis.  Just to note, Tuesdays are martini nights... and they also have Wine down Wednesdays in which they feature wine (& now bourbon) flights.Either way, for their daily happy hour, small plates and craft bottle beers are $1 off, definitely can not complain!  The food is delicious, my particular favorites are the sloppy joes, stuffed sliders, and the truffle mac and cheese.  If tapas aren't your thing, just ask for the menu from the adjoined Wang's in which you can get their Chinese menu and sushi...  ps they can do szechuan that isn't on the menu.  In comparison to Alchemy, DKDC, and other tapas places... East gives you more for your dollar as their plates are all well priced.  A good spot for the foodie in you.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,4/23/2013,105,145,,5,3>Love this place. It's an authentic taqueria and a Mexican bakery at the same time. The servers are fast, friendly and willing to talk to you about their menu, their culture and their passions.I came here when my family was out of town based entirely on a Yelp review - and that is why I love Yelp so very much. This is such a great spot to go - it starts when you walk in the door. To the left is an entire wall of Mexican pastries - I am talking about authentic, delicious and voluminous. To the back right is a cooler with what tested like Sprite with actual sugar in it. A flat screen tv sat above the cooler playing a telenovela. The remainder of the one room building is filled with tables.You begin with the trifecta of salsas: one is almost Americanized (red, medium spicness, and typical) but the two others steal the show. The salsa verde, made from jalapeño, cilantro and avocado, is full flavored and packs a punch. I am not kidding when I say it is quite possibly one of the best salsas I have ever tasted, and I love salsas. The chips went well with it. As did my tacos.Speaking of tacos, I would have liked to see goat on the menu, but the chorizo taco and carnitas taco were both excellent. When I say taco I mean double wrapped tacos with diced onion and freshly cut cilantro on top. Nada mas. They were delicious. I will return and try every other taco.I likewise had a torta (because I love tortas), and it was excellent. I chose the torta del pastor. The bread was stellar. I would eat the torta here solely for the bread. Nicely done.They serve hibiscus iced tea to boot. I am going to start eating here every few weeks. Macon Road has some other dives that are calling my name, but pulling myself away from this place will be tough. Highly recommended.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,4/22/2013,22,33,3,3,2>I went here for lunch today with my parents. They have been raving about it for months, so I decided i'd give it a shot. Well, the place is cute, clean, wait staff is super friendly (or at least mine was), and the atmosphere is very casual and laid back. They have vegan and veg. options-for those of you who prefer that-and they also have chicken and burgers and wraps. I got a diablo wrap-spicy chicken wrap. it was good. and had a good amount of kick to it as well. The wrap and the roasted tatters i had were sufficient for me. I actually gave half of my wrap to my dad. So, portion size is reasonable. My meal was like around $9. So, comprable to lunch prices-unless you want fast food. The food is fresh and doesn't make you feel like a fat peice of lard afterwards. I came back to work and didn't have this insane urge to nap. Also, you have to try their crouton they serve with the soup. I hate croutons and I hate soup-but I stole a crouton from my dad and the waitress saw and brought me a crouton bowl of my own :) carbs for the win. i suggest you try the cozy place. also, their chairs have wheels. this provided sufficient entertainment for me.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,4/21/2013,53,58,,3,2>I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 only because I haven't experienced a meal here. Craving something sweet on my way to class I decided to finally stop in at the Parsonage. First off it's in this quant little store and the smell catches you from outside. You walk into this warm, casual atmosphere with an open kitchen a large family style table and a few smaller tables. The whole place is just cozy, I felt like I was walking into a friends dining room. Have I mentioned yet how phenomenal this place smelt? There was a hutch full of displayed goodies and a nice disply on the register table. I persuaded the many muffin and cookie choices before finally deciding on a Orange, Cranberry and White Chocolate Chip muffin. Of course it happened to be happy hour so I grabbed a Lemon Poppyseed as well. I don't even know where to begin to describe OCWCC muffin. First off there was this delicious glaze then you bite into it you get this soft, sweet and slightly tart orange flavor. It only gets better as the whole cranberries and white chocolate chips get thrown into the mix. I haven't tried my Lemon Poppy Seed yet, but I am so very excited!I can't wait to come back in here and see what the lunch menu has to offer. The muffin alone is worth a trip across the bridge!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,4/20/2013,79,188,10,8,4>My primary reason for going here was that it was midnight and the only place open. When I walked in, still wearing my Target Cashier uniform, I was embarrassed to be part of the Corporate Agenda because everybody was so hip. Our waiter was super hip, the people at the tables were hipsters, the decor was hip...It was disgusting.However, the hip waiter did not treat me like a slug for wearing a Target name tag. To the contrary, he was very polite and seemed to know the menu and had good enthusiasm for his work. I wish I remembered his name, because I assume management reads this. If you're the manager, it was the guy with the hip name. He was tall and skinny. I guess thats everybody working there except the guys in the kitchen. But really, he did a good job, and I was impressed.At any rate, props to the cooks for the pizza. It was excellent. I would definitely go back just for this. It was well priced for what we got. The sauce was delicious! And the crust was just right. Basil was the perfect topping to complement the sauce an high quality mozzarella. My friend ordered the ramen, and this was a mistake. He's a foodie who has had ramen in Japan and lives in California where great ramen is readily available. It was a mismatch of random things in a bowl. I think there was a chicken wing in there, and an egg, and some noodles. He said the broth was terrible. The bottom line is that he couldn't finish it. It might appeal to a less distinguished palette looking for something interesting.I gave the place four stars because of the service and the pizza. I would go here again. I also like how late they're open. I'm a bit of a night owl and its hard to find somewhere nice to go this late. However, next time, I'll be sure to wear something more upscale so I can at least compete with all the hipster women. In fact, if you go to the U of M and you're some sort of art or writing major, you should totally go here; the cute hipster chicks are rampant and you'll fit right in. And for everybody else, scruff up your hair, put on your tight jeans and that fluffy scarf that doesn't actually keep your neck warm, and give this place a go. I don't regret it.Update: I've changed my rating from 4-5 stars because I've been back numerous times and I love this place more and more.On one of these visits, I discovered a sensual experience that left me in tears and fits of laughter all in the same five minutes, and it's called Carol's Delightful Smile. Never in my life have I enjoyed a slice of pie more than I did this one. I don't remember exactly what was in it, but I do remember that as soon as our server told me, I said "I want that!" without hesitation. It was chocolatey and bitter at the same time but in the most pleasant way; it played a harmony on my tongue like Beethoven's fifth. There were malted milk balls and mousse as light as air. There were crunchy moments and chewy moments. It was the most complex dessert I have ever tasted, and maybe the best. I had it with a scoop of home-made vanilla gelato, and as a dessert lover, I will never forget the experience.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,4/19/2013,100,106,4,3,1>I'm addicted to their enchiladas. I need a twelve step program. Hell, this place is about twelve steps from my house, so that's probably not the program that I need. We recently moved to the neighborhood, and have been here three times in one week. Every time, I order the enchiladas. And the sangria is about as smooth as at it comes. I love the upstairs patio. It's mid-December and they have enclosed with plastic and heated it with portable heaters. The place is huge with upstairs and downstairs seating. The service is super friendly and fast and the food is fantastic. Maybe being an East Memphis resident isn't so bad after all!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/18/2013,18,118,2,3,3>2 Guys Deli has now been a Forum Office Park mainstay for almost 2 years.  It deserves a spot on Yelp regardless of whether it's in an office building or not.  Why should an office building restaurant not receive the Yelp attention of any other restaurant?  Well perhaps because it's a boring office building restaurant that people only visit because it's convenient...this is true.  However, the food really is great, prices are reasonable, and the people are a pleasure.  The sandwiches are some of the best in town.  Don't expect assembly line speed but do expect a tasty meal.  Try it out if you're ever nearby.  Only open weekdays for breakfast and lunch.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,4/17/2013,36,117,3,4,3>¡Dios mio!  Where the heck has this place been hiding?  Oh yeah, wayyyyy down on Lamar.  El Gallo Giro translates from Spanish as "the tacos are awesome"... no, sorry, that's lie... it's actually a term for the silver feathered rooster in cockfighting... not lying this time.  We made the trip on a Sunday afternoon, because it's 25+ minutes away from downtown after taking 240 to Lamar and driving south for a while.  We came into a relatively full house, and were likely the only native English speakers in the place.  On the recommendation from Rob B.'s review, I went with four a la carte tacos with four different meats.  Fajitas for the Misses.  The result... incredible.  The quality of tortilla, meats, vegetables, spices... it was just excellent... and worth the trip.The place is open, spacious, and clean.  The chairs, tables, and booths are all nicely decorated, and the staff is incredibly friendly.  (I apparently impressed the waitress with my love of tacos).  So... if you're not far from here, go, and if you are... find the time.  It's worth it!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2011,12/9/2011,98,313,1,7,3>How have I not written a review about Bluefin yet? it's definitely one of my all-time favorite memphis restaurants. It's a go-to spot that I like to take friends from out of town. I've pretty much sat in every lounge area in bluefin at this point. If you go with a big group, definitely ask ahead of time to get one of lounge areas or the rooms if you want to be more private. I love the blue lighting and swanky decor--it definitely makes you feel like you're going somewhere special.The service is always good. The sushi is even better. I've honestly had a lot of items off the menu and liked pretty much everything I've eaten. You can also ask for freshly grated wasabi if you don't mind paying a little extra--and yes it makes a difference than the green goop you get in most sushi restaurants for free. Only one downside is that the sushi's on the pricey end--you can get as good quality at Sakura in Germantown. But Bluefin beats out any other sushi place in memphis on sheer innovativeness and atmosphere. If you're downtown and want to do something extra special, go to Bluefin--you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,12/8/2011,89,341,5,12,11>My name is Jolynna. And I am a dive bar junkie. I don't know exactly why this is, but there is just something amazingly cool about walking into a room where nobody cares what you do or what you're wearing. They are just glad to see ya. I can walk in to the lamplighter after a long run in the park for a cold beer, still in my running clothes and feel perfectly at home. It's just that kind of place. They patrons are interesting and from all walks of life, but that is one of the things I love about it. It's beer only - and it's cheap. PBR is the beverage of choice for most. So what are you waiting for? Grab a cold one, a corner table or a bar stool and drop a few dimes in the jukebox. Fun times.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,12/7/2011,53,93,7,8,6>A boyfriend introduced me to Grace at Hi Gorgeous.  The boyfriend didn't last, but Grace did.  I'm super picky about haircuts.  Sure, it'll grow out, but a bad haircut can make you feel just as miserable as a case of the flu.  A good haircut is like a face lift.  Until I was 17, I wouldn't even let anyone, other than my mother, cut my hair.  Picky.  Grace listens to what you want and delivers.  If you take a picture, she'll recreate the style.  Also, she's honest when it comes to styles for your face and hair texture.  As well as, letting you know when your doing too much styling, thus damaging your hair and offers suggestions for how to remedy the styling stress.Haircut prices are based on hair length.  I think the prices are reasonable, but others say it's pricey compared to similar salons in the area.  The salon is pretty small, so appointments are a good idea, especially if you want to see Grace.  I love that when you call, they answer the phone, "hi gorgeous."  I always think, wow!  How'd you know it was me?!  Amy is the best for waxing and other spa needs.  It helps that she's super cool, too - makes for inherently awkward waxing situations to be bearable.In my opinion, all of the staffers who I've met at Hi Gorgeous are nice and accomodating.  I'm a bit sarcastic and they have no problem being sarcastic with me.  I feel so at home.  They also support bicycle lanes on Madison Avenue...another HUGE plus, in my book!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,12/6/2011,36,117,6,7,4>Flying Fish... a 10 step instructional review:1) Go in on a Sunday when it's not too hot outside... this way you can take advantage of the $0.50 oyster special (Sundays only), and the open to the street bar style seats for the excellent people watching that Memphis offers.2) Walk straight up through the doors and get into line.  3) Look up at the menu.  It's difficult to figure out what you want, since it's all hand written and the layout is a bit strange.  Don't worry, just get a dozen oysters (remember, that's why you're here on Sunday), and get the fish tacos with tilapia.  4) Grab a bucket from on top of the beer coolers.  Fill with your choice of beers.  5) Walk up to the guy, taking orders.  Hand him your beer bucket... he'll put ice in it.  Tell him about the dozen oysters and the fish tacos with tilapia and say "Make it snappy."  (Trust me, that's the key... they put a bit of spicy sauce on the fish).  6) Listen to the guy yell "Make it snappy!" to the kitchen, and listen to them yell it back "Snappy!"7) Grab your 'pager' and head out to the bar seating that overlooks the road.  Drink a beer.  Enjoy the ridiculousness of the fish on the wall and the people on the street.8) Pager goes off, go get your food, bring it back.9) Eat.10) Be happy.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,12/5/2011,79,111,1,4,3>There are many a reasons I have faith for Alchemy.  Below they are listed:1.) The All-Star Cast: Nothing but industry professionals grace the cast and crew of Alchemy.  Karen Roth, the head chef at Erling Jensen runs the kitchen and creates the recipes.  Bert Smythe and John Littlefield, the owners of McEwen's, are the guys who own this place as well.  Ben McLean, who has been in the industry for years and most recently a manager at Soul Fish, is now the manager here.  The head bartender Dave Carlisle has spent 13 years bartending for Huey's.  Not to mention, all of the servers have not only been in the industry for years, but have come from well-established businesses.  All of these roles can make or break a place, and Alchemy seems to have the brains and business behind it.2.) The Atmosphere: The atmosphere at Alchemy is romantic and a tad upscale, but it still has a relaxed comfortable feel.  I have been several restaurants who have tried to master this, but it always comes out either tacky or just plain confusing.  Alchemy masters it. You have several options when visiting Alchemy.  You can take a seat at the ridiculously large bar.  It is seriously a giant square. You have four sides.  From here you can watch TV or enjoy one of their signature drinks, all inspired by mixologists brought in from New York. If you do not want to sit at the bar, you can relax in one of these cozy sofa enclaves.  These are great for an intimate dinner or drinks with friends. If you want to see the kitchen in action, hang out in the chef's area.  You can sit at a bar or table and watch the kitchen in action. You also have options to sit at an actual table or reserve the back room for parties.  The options are endless, so pick your fancy.3.) The Drinks:  This particular night, we only had Ghost River and wine to choose from, so I am excited to come back when they start making their signature drinks.  However, I was incredibly impressed by their draft beer selection.  I was giddy over the choices.  Just a few include all 3 Ghost River beers, Yazoo, and New Belgium Seasonal.  No Budweiser or Miller Lite here people.4.) The Food:  Now here is what I am excited about.  The food was overall fantastic.  I chose to sit at the bar, where I saw some familiar faces.  We all ended splitting a whole bunch of plates, so we could try as much as possible.  Alchemy does not have a full menu.  They instead have small plates, and a lot of them.  Yes, you have about 40 different tapas to choose from.  They are all unique to themselves, which I loved.  You did not see many repeated ingredients, so each entree was designed just for itself instead of what they just had laying around already.  It is also a great idea, because there is something for everyone to try.  How Karen Roth comes up with these flavor combinations is beyond me, but man is she a genius at her craft.I left that place feeling fat, full, and happy.  So happy in fact, that I wish I could have laid down on the park bench right outside and not moved.  We all stuffed ourselves, but it was totally worth it.  Alchemy had me appreciating dishes I normally shy away from.  I did not have one bad dish while there.  Everything was fantastic.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,12/4/2011,30,4,,4,4>Sache is just the kind of shop that fits in to the South Main Arts District where it is located.  It's chic with an urban edginess.  Sache is a t-shirt shop, but it's more than that.  Owner Eric Evans designs and prints the clothing in-house.  Sometimes the design includes dyeing or cutting or a funky reinvention of the shirt dress.  The store name comes from Eric's graffiti moniker and represents a look-feel-purpose philosophy that is apparent in the wearable art he creates.  The staff is always welcoming and helpful, and each piece can become one-of-a-kind as Eric can transform a plain tee into a punk-rock or bustier-tied style.  For the progressive, original Memphis-made fashion you get, Sache is very affordable.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,12/3/2011,3,40,,5,3>Exquisite, phenomenal, and [insert your choice of quintessential adjective here] !!!The service was excellent (way to go Micah!), The food was excellent, The wines were unusual and superb.We ordered their Friday Wine and Food Tasting Dinner (a prix fixe four- course journey that varies each week), and were exceptionally pleased at the quality and diversity of the courses.The wines in the Wine Dinner are not usually listed in their wine list. The wine flight was an adventure reminiscent of several treks through the wines of France that I have been on, except more global in scope. a Kuentz Bas from France (Alsace), a Pinot Noir from Germany (Rheinhessen), a Chenin Blanc from South Africa (Western Cape) ,and a Malbec from Argentina (Valle de Uco, Mendoza) were the featured stops on tonight's tour. The food tasting portion of the journey included:  Diver Scallops with Crisp Pork Belly, Espresso rubbed Brine Berkshire Pork Loin, Akaushi Striploin, and Almond Red Griotte Tart with a Nutmeg Streusel. Awesome just barely scratches the surface of how great everything was.John, the sommelier, introduced each of wines served with the courses. He was an amazing fount of knowledge and could readily discuss just about anything pertaining to the wines of the evening, or the wine list. He filled in many gaps for me here and there during our discussions throughout the evening (I had lots of questions for him!). I had no idea, until tonight, that Germany actually produces a Pinot Noir. It was much lighter than the typical Pinot Noir's and was exceptional, and was exceptionally well-paired with the Pork Loin course.We ended our journey with some wonderful coffee and and I indulged in a glass of cognac. For cordials, they have a robust menu of choices .They have a port flight of 4 different ports, as well as an excellent choice of Cognacs (Remy, Courvoisier, Martell), VSOPs as well as XO's, and even Remy's renowned Louis XIII !), as well as several Armagnacs. I chose the Courvoisier XO for this evening. It was nice to see several other patrons also enjoying cordials, as it almost seems a lost tradition these days.When the wine and food pairing is as great as this, we can't wait to see what their regular menu has in store for us!!  Erling Jensen is definitely on our "we'll be back and soon" list!
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2011,12/2/2011,66,18,3,4,6>Earnestine & Hazel's, like most things in Memphis, is teeming with history. And also, depending on who you ask, the ghosts of dead hookers. (Seriously!) It spent its past life as a brothel, but in its current incarnation you can get cheap beer, soul burgers and access to a damn good juke box for not a lot of cash. A word to the wise on the soul burgers - you're going to want more than just one. Because they're amazingly delicious, yes, but also because while they're not exactly slider-size, they're not restaurant burger size, either. They come with potato chips, so the burger-fry pairing purists may be disappointed. I would've counted myself one of them, but I have to tell you that this is the only burger I've ever eaten that I haven't felt the need to drench in ketchup. It just IS, all by itself. The juke box is also worth mentioning, because it is stocked with Memphis soul and lots of classic Motown, funk and R&B from the 60s, 70s and 80s. And if you're not into playing DJ, head upstairs. Nate, the upstairs bartender, is a living legend. He's had stories written about him (you'll see them framed on the walls up there) and I happen to know from experience he'd be happy to take a picture with you. If you ask nicely.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,12/1/2011,304,350,3,4,3>the pizza at trolley stop is the best delivery pizza i've ever had anywhere i've ever lived EVER.  i don't even share my crusts with my dog it's that good.the reuben was SICK- total perfection, and i live and die by their lemon ice box pie.they have a small selection of local, organic produce (probably just because it's winter) in addition to a pretty extensive supply of organic meats.  they even offered to deliver a chicken or some potatoes with my pizza if i ever needed them!  that's service.also, they have the nicest, sweetest delivery guys in memphis, period end of story.oh how i wish you delivered past 9:00pm...  do you know how many nights we've looked at the clock and said "oh SHIT, it's 9:15."??
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,11/30/2011,180,199,5,9,6>I have a small obsession with the the Food Network's The Best Thing I Ever Ate.  A few months ago I decided that whenever I travel (and I travel a lot) I would try to eat a featured item in the area.  So far I have sampled featured food in Texas, Chicago, New Orleans and of course Memphis.  Surprisingly, there are a few features in Memphis that I have yet to try.I had never heard of Tom's Bar-B-Q & Deli until it was featured on the Food Network.  After reading the yelp reviews I set it in my mind to visit this week.The drive from my home in midtown took a little longer than I expected.  I arrived at the place around 6:30 Monday evening.  It was mostly empty except for one couple sitting on the enclosed patio.  The restaurant did not smell as great as I had hoped.  It wasn't bad by any means, but I was expecting the experience to be more like walking in to the Commissary. The set up here is more like Central.  You order at a counter, pay for your food and take a seat.  I didn't need to look at the menu because I already knew I wanted a pound of  rib tips to go.  A guy behind the counter (who seemed to be the owner) asked where I was from.  We talked for a few moments and then he announced that he would add a free item to my order. Awesome!On the way home it was really difficult to stop myself from ripping the bag open.  It smelled so good!  Finally at home I opened to bag and took my first bite.  AMAZING!  I'm telling you... fantastic.  Whatever rub they are using is a unique blend for sure.  It's a bit spicy and herbal.  Yes herbal.  I'm no expert, but I would swear rosemary is in the mix.  The freebe added to my order turned out to be two ribs and two pieces of bbq bologna.  The bologna was good but nothing special.  The ribs were uninspiring and passable for sure.  But those rib tips.... my goodness!!  This place should be called Tom's Rib Tips and Other Stuff.Honestly, the rib tips are the best thing I've eaten on my "Best Thing I Ever Ate" quest.  Try them!!
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,1/10/2014,256,60,,4,2>I am so glad I found this place!I have had trouble in the past finding an honest auto repair shop that I could really trust. Called in, they told me to come right in the next day. They walked me through all the work I needed done.  Even showed me the dirty filter.  No unreasonable add-ons or markups. I was outta there in an hour and a half on work that usually takes up to for hours. Car is purring.Customer for life!#Yelp901
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,1/9/2014,19,32,,3,1>Great price for movies as long as you dont mind seeing movies that have just come out on dvd. Took my two year old to see a movie and with popcorn and a drink and tickets we only spent $16 total. Well worth it and we will definitely be going back again soon.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/8/2014,39,320,3,4,2>I gotta admit -- I was skeptical about this place.  I'm not usually a fan of Karen Carrier, but our UYE (shout-out to William and Joelle!) was fabulous!Our server, MC, was great -- lots of patience with me continuing to fail to actually read the drink menu, and well informed on the current menu (which was on its second day).  The Green Line cocktail is amazing!  I downed the first one in record time and was working on my second when it started to hit me, which is exactly how I like to get drunk.They've just started an American menu (which seems like a bit of a cop-out to me -- did they run out of foreign countries?), so we were encouraged to provide feedback on what could be improved.  Which, I kind of like, because they actually care what I think, but kind of don't, because, well, I won't be back on this menu, so why am I working the kinks out for someone else? The deviled eggs were good, but I don't understand the drizzle of olive oil.  It didn't add to the taste at all, but just made them greasy.  The boyfriend enjoyed his fried chicken livers, though the fried flavor overwhelmed the liver for me.  The chicken biscuits had way too much tarragon in the sauce -- I couldn't taste the sesame or pecan, and in fact, since the biscuit was crunchy, the texture of the chicken blended right into that.  However, the Pittsburgh ribeye burger was amazing, and the s'mores dessert special was a yummy take on the campfire classic.Now, the kitschy decor, I can take or leave.  Drinking out of a mason jar feels a little "hipster wedding five years ago," personally, but it didn't detract from the experience nearly as much as...the font on the menu.  Some awful combination of upper and lower case, and just completely illegible.  I actually had to ask the server to translate some items!  Plus, I don't really get the name, and our receipt still says Do Restaurant on it -- guess they didn't update their POS!That being said, I would definitely return here, for dinner, drinks or a midnight snack.  It was pretty reasonably priced too -- $56 for the two of us, including a couple of $9 cocktails.  I'm sure the company had something to do with it, but I had a great time here!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2010,1/7/2014,319,116,,6,1>There are many facets of the non-profit Center for Southern Folklore, whose main objective is to preserve and present the traditions of the South: music, food, dance and art.  The Center's retail store, the Folklore Store is at 123 S. Main, and offers gifts, books, and regional folk art, as well as southern favorites like turnip greens, corn bread and peach cobbler.  The venue seats about 50 for small regular concerts.   The Folklore Hall is a much larger room, and is used for larger concerts, and private events.  The Center is an integral part of Memphis life and a true asset for the region. Your support is appreciated. southernfolklore.com
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,1/6/2014,34,149,,5,2>LOVE the mom-n-pop diveness of this place. Smoky smell when you drive up (a plus). Had the jumbo chopped (versus pulled). Like their BBQ sauce, but the slaw on the sandwich made it a tad sweeter than I prefer. Will return, but have the slaw on the side.Cash only. Bottled water or canned soda only.The fried peach pies were KICKASS.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,1/5/2014,46,3,4,9,6>Okay...truth...sometimes we judge a place by the company that is with us when we experience the place....and I'm not gonna lie...I have had some GOOD company over the years at the Flying Fish....but one thing I know...I truly love this place.    It is so good that it is the place I request to go for my birthday year after year.   I love the laid back atmosphere when you walk in.  You immediately are transported to an "old" Destin/ Florida dive.  Well,  I really hate to walk up and order....I know...spoiled ( but I don't mind here....the service is exceptional!!)  ...and they prepare your margarita immediately ...so no waiting there!!I am not demanding...but I insist on sitting at the countertop that faces the Peabody and Texas De Brazil....(and on pretty days they have the "windows/garage doors" open....best people watching in the city.) I am obsessed with the fish tacos...both fried and grilled are fabulous....the special sauce is so good....I really do crave it:)I have had raw oysters on Sundays....love them...and tried the spinach, Burracho beans and rice and ceviche.   Always pleased...I .always leave thinking how glad I was I came!! Different, charming, fun, great food...a must for downtown dining!!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/4/2014,30,107,2,3,2>It's the FedEx Forum, what else can you say about the place? The opinions are going to be more about the event or show attended then the place itself.The whole place is well planned, clean WC's, enough comfortable seats, no complaints at all.The location is the best, the parking garages and parking lots near here are really good, not expensive and safe, and there is so much to do on a weekend that the smart thing is to keep an eye on the schedule and go as often as one can.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/3/2014,897,149,4,8,6>Best crispy corn tacos (ground beef) in town - we have been trying these at numerous east Shelby County restaurants - these are fresh and tasty.  My wife gives them the highest score possible with 25 out of 25 score.So far they are first place in the Memphis Taco Challenge.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,1/2/2014,391,293,,5,2>This place is absolutely amazing! You have the option to try an assortment of wine selections! There is nothing else like Green Cork in Memphis! Ladies if you are getting your man to visit have them try the OtroMundo brew its phenomenal! Not only is it self serve wine but you have delicious meal options as well! The atmosphere is very fun and cozy, perfect for fall and winter! This Is my absolute new favorite place in Memphis! If you have not visited this wine gem you are missing out!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,1/1/2014,20,188,,4,3>I loved it here! I found out the hard way they open at 5 but oops, noted.But it was worth waiting a little. The food was phenomenal! I got the gulf shrimp. So awesome. Stole someone's onion ring. Delicious! A hidden treasure for me was their hushpuppies. Normally they're fried nuggets of cornmeal that sit and slowly get cold on my plate until it's eventually taken away. Not here. These are crab meat corn hushpuppies. Come on.Oh, and nothing fried is greasy. The fries are definitely hand-cut and wonderful. The shrimp was fabulous. I didn't get a dessert (too full) but they do sometimes get stuff from Restaurant Iris next door. So if you already like them, keep that in mind. Tonight it was bread pudding.Also, the service was phenomenal. Outstanding. Dean took care of things and made us feel like we were the only ones there. Waiters were allowed to linger at tables and chat, build up a rapport with guests. It was wonderful and very welcoming. Such a great idea as I notice all waitstaff did this. Other waiters even checked in on us, the chef Kelly English himself did too, it felt everyone working there held themselves accountable to ensure everyone working there had the best experience possible.I'll definitely be back.
